<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230328_10-K_edgar_data_1852931_0001213900-23-023698.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3475983</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>278409</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>726090</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>743023</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>840788</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>800848</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-023698.hdr.sgml : 20230328
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328162255
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-023698
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230328
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			NewHold Investment Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001852931
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40944
		FILM NUMBER:		23769899

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12141 WICKCHESTER LANE, SUITE 325
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77079
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-653-0153

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		12141 WICKCHESTER LANE, SUITE 325
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77079

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-023698.txt : 20230328

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_newholdinvest2.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from__________ to______________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one Warrant to acquire one-half of a share of Common Stock The Nasdaq Global Market LLC Warrants The Nasdaq Global Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer,
as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions
of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Yes No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on
and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

At June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the
Registrant s common shares held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was . 

As of March 28, 2023, there were shares of the Company s
Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP. II 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Period Ended
December 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 1 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 21 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 21 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 21 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 21 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 21 

PART II 
 
 22 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 22 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 22 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 23 

ITEM 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 30 

ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 30 

ITEM 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 30 

ITEM 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 31 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 31 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 31 

part III 
 
 32 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 32 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 45 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 46 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 47 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 49 

PART IV 
 
 50 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 50 

SIGNATURES 
 52 

i 

CERTAIN TERMS 

References to Company, NewHold, 
 our, us or we refer to NewHold Investment Corp. II, a blank check company incorporated in Delaware
on February 25, 2021. References to our Sponsor refer to NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings LLC II, a Delaware limited
liability company. References to our IPO refer to the initial public offering of NewHold Investment Corp. II, which closed
on October 25, 2021 (the IPO Closing Date ). 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements.
Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes,
beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations
of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipates, 
 believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, 
 should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words
does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include, for example, statements
about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be
no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws and/or if and when management knows
or has a reasonable basis on which to conclude that previously disclosed projections are no longer reasonably attainable. 

ii 

part
I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Introduction 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
State of Delaware on February 25, 2021 for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization,
reorganization or other similar business combination, with one or more target businesses. 

On October 25, 2021, we consummated our initial
public offering (the IPO of 17,500,000 units (the Units ), each Unit consisting of one share of Class A common
stock of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Common Stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the
Company (each, a Warrant ), each whole Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A Common Stock
for 11.50 per share (subject to adjustment). The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, and the IPO generated gross proceeds
of 175,000,000. Pursuant to an Underwriting Agreement, dated October 20, 2021 (the Underwriting Agreement ), by and between
the Company and Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated, as representative of the several underwriters (the Underwriters ),
we granted the Underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional Units solely to cover over-allotments, if any 

On October 25, 2021, simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we consummated the private placement Private Placement with the Sponsor and certain funds and accounts managed
by Magnetar Financial LLC, UBS O Connor LLC, and Kepos Capital, L.P. (collectively the Private Warrants Anchor Investors of 8,657,705 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company
of 8,657,705. The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO, except that the Private Warrants and the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrants may not be transferred, assigned, or sold (except in limited circumstances)
until the date that is 30 days after the date the Company completes its initial business combination. The Sponsor and the Private Warrants
Anchor Investors were granted certain demand and piggyback registration rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Warrants. 

Subsequently, on October 26, 2021, the Underwriters
partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 1,990,000 Units (the Over-Allotment Units occurred
on October 29, 2021. The issuance by the Company of the Over-Allotment Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in total gross proceeds
of 19,900,000. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Company consummated the sale of an additional
597,000 Private Warrants (the Over-Allotment Private Placement and, together with the Private Placement, the Private
Placements ), generating gross proceeds of 597,000. The Private Warrants issued in the Private Placements were issued pursuant
to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as the transactions did not involve a public offering. 

As of October 29, 2021, a total of 196,849,000
of the net proceeds from the sale of the Units in the IPO (including the Over-Allotment Units) and the Private Placements were deposited
in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders at UBS Financial Services, Inc. with Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. None of the funds held in trust will be released from the trust account, other than
interest income to pay any tax obligations, until the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Company s initial business combination
and (ii) the Company s failure to consummate a business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from
the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination
but have not completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period). 

In February 2021, our Sponsor purchased 5,031,250
founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per share. Prior to the initial investment in the company
of 25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined
by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. Our Sponsor forfeited 1,635,126
founder shares and the anchor investors purchased 1,635,126 founder shares upon consummation of the IPO. In addition, upon consummation
of the IPO, our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 1,185,000 founder shares to its directors, officers and advisors. The number of founder
shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion
of our IPO. These Class B shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
as described herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued
in excess of the amounts offered in our IPO and related to the closing of the initial business combination, the ratio at which shares
of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number
of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion of our IPO plus all shares of
Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial business combination (excluding
any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination, any private placement-equivalent
warrants issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to us). 

1 

The shares of Class A common stock and warrants
included in our units began separate trading on December 13, 2021. The shares of Class A common stock and warrants trade on the Nasdaq
Global Market Nasdaq under the symbols NHIC and NHICW, respectively. Units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq
under the symbol NHICU. After separation, the shares of Class A common stock and warrants may be recombined to create units. 

General 

Overview 

We are a newly organized blank check company incorporated
on February 25, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report
on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. We have not selected any specific business combination target. However, our management
team had been actively in discussions with potential business combination partners in their capacity as officers of NewHold Investment
Corp., NHIC I ), and we may pursue business combination partners that had previously been in discussions with NHIC I s
management team. 

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity
in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, our focus is on industries that complement our management team s background,
and to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business. We will seek to acquire one or more businesses
with an aggregate enterprise value of 700 million or greater. 

Business Opportunity Overview 

We will concentrate on sourcing business combination
opportunities with industrial technology businesses, with particular emphasis on those that align with several key themes commonly referred
to as Industry 4.0, including but not limited to: 

Advanced robotics, 

IoT and associated production and consumption analytics, 

Hardware and SaaS models with machine learning, 

Production rate additive manufacturing, 

New energy technologies, infrastructure, and servicing, 

Recycling to facilitate circular economies, and 

Advanced sensor technologies and associated applications. 

Our management team will target business-to-business
sectors whose industry structure is being fundamentally reshaped by technology. They believe that companies in these sectors that are
using advanced data analytics, software, artificial intelligence, and cutting edge instrumentation and process automation to make their
processes intelligent have a significant competitive advantage over those that have not yet embraced such solutions. 

We are not, however, required to complete our initial
business combination with an industrial technology business and, as a result, we may pursue a business combination outside of that industry.
We will seek to acquire businesses that we believe are fundamentally sound but would benefit from a public listing to execute their financial,
operational, and strategic plans. 

We believe that the opportunity within industrial
technology businesses is driven by several key trends, including: 

Flexible Mass Production. Commercial customers demand increasing variety and customization resulting in businesses requiring more flexible manufacturing and logistics solutions. 

Speed and Agility to Market. Increasing digitization of the selling experience necessitates reducing a product s time to market and increasing its speed of delivery. 

2 

Supply Chain Optimization. Effective use of technology is allowing companies to more efficiently and effectively manage complex supply chains without increases in inventory. 

Efficiency and Productivity Gains. Organizations continually face pressures from their stakeholders to further reduce costs and environmental impact while increasing output and financial returns. 

Design and Manufacturing Optimization. Designers and engineers desire the ability to economically manufacture a product that very closely matches its optimal design. 

Energy Efficiency. All energy users are demanding the latest in efficiency technology, both to reduce cost and to demonstrate attention to their carbon footprint. 

AI-Powered Decision Making. Advancements in AI have enabled practical applications across industries as businesses aim to automate solutions delivery and maximize ROI through data-based models often using AI-powered big data to facilitate business processes and provide decision-makers with reliable insight, leading to precise and quick business actions. 

We have identified the following general criteria
and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses. We will focus on these criteria and guidelines
in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that
does not meet these criteria and guidelines. 

Companies that operate in industries and sectors that are ripe for technological disruption or are currently undergoing technological transformations. We plan to identify sectors that are in the process of or have significant potential to adopt an industrial technology solution. We will seek to acquire a business that operates within an industry that is witnessing at least one or more trends, mentioned above, which we believe are driving the opportunity within industrial technology. 

Companies with an attractive and defensible competitive position. We will target companies with market positions and technologies that we believe offer long-term competitive advantages. These could include proprietary technology, a market leading product suite, unique processes, strong market share, or a culture of innovation that we believe is enduring and unique. 

Companies with high revenue growth, or with the potential for high revenue growth. We will seek to acquire businesses that have or are believed to achieve significant revenue growth primarily driven by either adopting or providing an industrial technology solution to disrupt the existing paradigm or increase its market position in the end markets in which it serves. To validate future demand, we look for businesses that can clearly demonstrate a compelling return on investment by either adopting or providing an industrial technology solution and the size of the addressable opportunity. 

Companies that exhibit the ability to deliver significant operating leverage and future free cash flow whether they may or may not be profitable currently. We will seek to acquire businesses that already have, or have the potential to generate consistent and increasing free cash flow. We do not require the target businesses to be profitable at the time of acquisition, but expect gross margins and contribution margins to be above, or at least in line with, relevant competitors. We view businesses with high gross margins and contribution margins favorably as these businesses possess the potential to deliver significant operating leverage and free cash flow when fully scaled. 

Knowledgeable management teams with relevant industry experience and proven track record of developing or deploying a technology solution. We aim to target businesses with expert management teams that have specialized knowledge of their respective industry sector and are active leaders in developing or deploying technology to provide a solution for a problem or challenge within their respective industry sector. 

Benefit from being a public company. We intend to acquire a company that will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. 

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive.
Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general
guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

3 

Competitive Strengths 

Accomplished Leadership Team with Relevant Investment, Public
Company and Prior Successful SPAC Experience 

Our team has over 60 years of combined private
equity experience, complemented by extensive public market expertise that includes successful execution of four prior SPAC business combinations.
Our Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Charlton, and our Chief Operating Officer, Charlie Baynes-Reid, served in similar roles at NHIC I,
which completed its business combination with Evolv Technologies, Inc., a company specializing in artificial intelligence enabled touchless
security screening, on July 19, 2021. In addition, our special advisor, Adam Deutsch, was the Chief Financial Officer of NHIC I, and our
directors were directors of NHIC I. Our Chief Executive Officer also served as an executive officer of, and played an integral role throughout
all phases of the SPAC process for, Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp., Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II and Hennessy Capital Acquisition
Corp. III, including the initial public offering, deal sourcing, due diligence, deal structuring, financing, and back-end execution of
the initial business combinations. 

History of Successfully Sourcing and Executing Transactions as
a Team 

NewHold Enterprises, a private investment firm
founded in 2017 which controls our sponsor, has completed three platform acquisitions and five add-ons since its inception. Messrs. Charlton,
Baynes-Reid and Deutsch also previously executed five transactions at River Hollow Partners, the predecessor to NewHold Enterprises, all
proprietarily sourced. 

Established Track Record of Sourcing Proprietary Opportunities
Suitable for both Private and Public Investing 

NewHold Enterprises principals have sourced 325
potential opportunities since its inception in 2017, the vast majority outside of traditional sale processes, funded through a proprietary
network of family offices and high net worth individuals. Additionally, Mr. Charlton, in his role as President and Chief Operating Officer
of the first three Hennessy Capital SPAC vehicles, was a part of a team that developed a unique SPAC-centered deal sourcing model, which
resulted in over 400 targets evaluated over the life of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp., Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II and
Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. III. 

Access to NewHold Enterprises Proprietary Network of Family
Offices and High Net Worth Individuals 

NewHold Enterprises sources capital from a series
of family offices, each with generally over 1 billion of assets under management, and serves as a direct investing platform for such
investors, allowing them to leverage their infrastructure and complement their traditional private equity book. NewHold Enterprises 
network currently consists of more than 100 family offices and more than 95 high net worth investors. 

Extensive Experience of Investing in Middle-Market Growth Assets 

Our team has extensive experience sourcing and
investing in middle market growth companies through private and public investment vehicles. Our focus on flexible hold periods and ownership
structures enhances the optionality companies have to focus on operations and integration, and better aligns financial incentives with
progressive growth initiatives. Our vehicle and strategy are complementary to NewHold Enterprises diversified industrials business.
We seek to offer growth equity to industrial technology companies looking for an alternative to traditional private equity. 

Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the
fair market value of our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market
value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA
or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors
will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to
do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty
as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination either (i) in such
a way so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests
or assets of the target business or businesses, or (ii) in such a way so that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than
100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders,
or for other reasons. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires
50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment
Company Act . Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders
prior to the initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations
ascribed to the target and us in the initial business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial
number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling
interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior
to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination.
If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 of net assets test. If the initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be
based on the aggregate value of all of the transactions and we will treat the target businesses together as the initial business combination
for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

4 

Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets 

The NewHold team believes that it is critical to
find a transaction where the SPAC offers a unique solution to the seller in comparison to its alternatives. We have found in prior SPACs
that it is critical to obtain exclusivity earlier in the process than with other types of transactions, and if the seller is considering
a range of transactions, they will only engage with us if the SPAC offers advantages that are critical to their strategy. This requires
that our team source a significant number of transactions in order to populate our deal pipeline. We will then apply a series of screens
to determine if the potential target is appropriate for a SPAC. These screens would include: 

Does the company have financial reporting that is ready for the public markets? 

Would the strategy of the company benefit from the public markets? 

Is the management team prepared for and interested in the demands of a public listing? 

Given the peer group relevant for the target, is the valuation that a SPAC transaction would offer the seller of interest to them? 

Our Business Combination Process 

In evaluating prospective business combinations,
we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review process that will encompass, among other things, a review of historical and projected
financial and operating data, meetings with management and their advisors (if applicable), on-site inspection of facilities and assets,
discussion with customers and suppliers, legal reviews and other reviews as we deem appropriate. We will also utilize our expertise in
evaluating operating projections, financial projections and determining the appropriate return expectations given the risk profile of
the target business. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing our initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors,
will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our
initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

Our officers and directors indirectly own founder
shares and/or private placement warrants. Because of this ownership, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining
whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. In particular,
because the founder shares were purchased at approximately 0.005 per share, the holders of our founder shares (including our officers
and directors that directly or indirectly own founder shares) could make a substantial profit after our initial business combination even
if our public stockholders experience substantial losses on their investment as a result of a decrease in the post-combination value of
their public shares (after accounting for any adjustments in connection with an exchange or other transaction contemplated by the business
combination). Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business
combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition
to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. For additional information regarding our executive officers 
and directors business affiliations and potential conflicts of interest, see Management - Officers and Directors 
and Management - Conflicts of Interest. 

Some of our officers and directors presently have,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer
or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual
obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present
such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors
will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer
is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

5 

Our sponsor, officers and directors are permitted
to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, another special purpose acquisition company at any time. As a
result, our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities
to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. Although we have no formal policy in place for vetting
potential conflicts of interest, our board of directors will review any potential conflicts of interest on a case-by-case basis. 

Our Management Team 

Members of our management team are not obligated
to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs
until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any
time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage
of the business combination process. 

We believe our management team s operating
and transaction experience and relationships with companies will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination
targets. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate
relationships in various industries. This network has grown through the activities of our management team sourcing, acquiring and financing
businesses, our management team s relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams and the experience of
our management team in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. See the section of this annual report
on Form 10-K entitled Management for a more complete description of our management team s experience. 

In addition, the members of our board of directors
have significant executive management and public company experience. Over the course of their careers, the members of our management team
and board of directors have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships that we believe will be useful for sourcing
acquisition opportunities. This network has been developed through our management team s experience in: 

sourcing, acquiring, operating, developing, growing, financing and selling businesses; and 

executing transactions under varying economic and financial market conditions. 

This network has provided our management team with
a flow of referrals that have resulted in numerous transactions. We believe that the network of contacts and relationships of our management
team will provide us with an important source of acquisition opportunities. In addition, we anticipate that target business candidates
will also be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers, private investment funds and other
intermediaries. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through
calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited
basis, since many of these sources will have read this annual report on Form 10-K and know the types of businesses we are targeting. Our
officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware
of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade
shows or conventions. 

Status as a Public Company 

We believe our structure will make us an attractive
business combination partner to target businesses. As a public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial
public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target
business would have greater access to capital and additional means of creating management incentives that are better aligned with stockholders 
interests than it would as a private company. A target business can further benefit by augmenting its profile among potential new customers
and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business
may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our shares of Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding
company) or for a combination of our shares of Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific
needs of the sellers. 

6 

Although there are various costs and obligations
associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method
to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly
longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public
offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, marketing and road show efforts that may not be present to the same
extent in connection with an initial business combination with us. 

Furthermore, once a proposed initial business combination
is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters 
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could
have negative valuation consequences. Following an initial business combination, we believe the target business would then have greater
access to capital and an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability
to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile
among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While we believe that our structure and our management
team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank
check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business
combination, negatively. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and
proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay
the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage
of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have
total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market
value of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the
date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end
of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

7 

Financial Position 

With funds available for an initial business combination
initially in the amount of 196,849,000 assuming no redemptions before fees and expenses associated with our initial business combination
and the payment of 6,822,000 of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity
event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by
reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities,
or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration
to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and
there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination 

We are not presently engaged in, and have not engaged
in, any operations since our IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and
the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business
combination (pursuant to backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our IPO or otherwise), shares issued to the
owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek
to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development
or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. 

If our initial business combination is paid for
using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in
connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the
cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the
post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination,
to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

We may seek to raise additional funds through a
private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate
our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition,
we intend to target businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants,
and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance
with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business
combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials
or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required
by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately or through
loans in connection with our initial business combination. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any
third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. 

There is no current basis for investors in our
Class A common stock to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial
business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine,
we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore,
some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will
adversely impact a target business. 

8 

Sources of Target Businesses 

We anticipate that target business candidates will
be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and investment professionals. Target businesses
may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us by calls or mailings. These sources
may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources
will have read this annual report on Form 10-K and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well
as our sponsor and their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their
business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions.
In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to
us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors and our sponsor and their respective industry and business
contacts as well as their affiliates. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals
that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event
we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation
based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may
bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential
transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion
of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor
or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which our sponsor or officers are affiliated, be paid any finder s
fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation by the company prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). None of our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, will
be allowed to receive any compensation, finder s fees or consulting fees from a prospective business combination target in connection
with a contemplated initial business combination. We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 25,000 per month for office
space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying,
investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting
agreements with the post-transaction company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements
will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an initial business combination candidate. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or making the acquisition through
a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, executive officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete
an initial business combination with a target that is affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, we, or a committee
of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking which is a member of FINRA or a qualified independent
accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to
obtain such an opinion in any other context. 

As more fully discussed in the section of this
annual report on Form 10-K entitled Management - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware
of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has pre-existing
fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior
to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business
Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of our initial business combination
will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as discounted
cash flow valuation, a valuation based on trading multiples of comparable public businesses or a valuation based on the financial metrics
of M A transactions of comparable businesses. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value
of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or
an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board of directors
will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may be unable to
do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount of uncertainty
as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction
with our initial business combination. Subject to this requirement, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying
and selecting one or more prospective target businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination
with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

9 

In any case, we will only complete an initial business
combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling
interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If
we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses, the portion of such business or
businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company is what will be taken into account for purposes of Nasdaq s
80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in our securities to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business
with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination
with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth we may be affected by numerous
risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target
business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

In evaluating a prospective business target, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review, which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information
that will be made available to us. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. By completing our initial business
combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management
of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our
assessment of the target business management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary
skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any,
in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management
team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one
or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that
any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you
that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target
business. 

10 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel
will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel
will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Following an initial business combination, we may
seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have
the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary
to enhance the incumbent management. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business
Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is
a graphic explanation of the types of initial business combinations we may consider and whether stockholder approval is currently required
under Delaware law for each such transaction. 

Type of Transaction 
 Whether Stockholder Approval is Required 
 
 Purchase of assets 
 No 
 
 Purchase of stock of target not involving a merger with the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company 
 No 
 
 Merger of the company with a target 
 Yes 

Under Nasdaq s listing rules, stockholder
approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we issue shares of Class A common stock that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of shares of our Class A common stock then outstanding; 

any of our directors, officers or substantial stockholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of common stock could result in an increase in outstanding common shares or voting power of 5 or more; or 

the issuance or potential issuance of common stock will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted Purchases of our Securities 

If we seek stockholder approval of our initial
business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
rules, our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately
negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. There is
no limit on the number of shares our initial stockholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions,
subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in
such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they
will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if
such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would
constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private
rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to
such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the
Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will
be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. 

11 

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could
be to vote such shares in favor of the initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval
of the initial business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum
net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would
otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.
Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been
possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our shares of Class A common stock or warrants may
be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the
quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates
anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately
negotiated purchases by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders
following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers,
directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling stockholders
who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business
combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Our sponsor,
officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange
Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors
and/or their affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases
are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule
10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be
available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of common stock if the purchases
would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section
16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchases are subject to such reporting requirements. 

Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of our
Initial Business Combination 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior
to the consummation of the initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes or to fund our working capital requirements, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares,
subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.10 per public
share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our sponsor, officers, directors, special advisor and our other advisors have entered into
a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and
any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Manner of Conducting Redemptions 

We will provide our public stockholders with the
opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination
either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the initial business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer.
The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will
be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the
terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq
rules, asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where
we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation would require stockholder approval. If we structure an initial business combination with a target company
in a manner that requires stockholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a stockholder vote to approve the proposed
initial business combination. We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless
stockholder approval is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements or we choose to seek stockholder approval for business
or other legal reasons. So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. 

12 

If a stockholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon the public announcement of our initial business
combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common
stock in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange
Act. 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period.
In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares which
are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business
combination upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. If public
stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business
combination. 

If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction
is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons,
we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. 

In the event that we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders
with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete
our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the initial
business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital
stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to
vote at such meeting. Our initial stockholders will count toward this quorum and pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers,
directors, special advisor and our other advisors have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after
our IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. The anchor investors
have also agreed to vote the founder shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval
of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business
combination once a quorum is obtained. In addition, as a result of the founder shares and private placement warrants that the anchor investors
may hold (directly or indirectly), they may have different interests with respect to a vote on an initial business combination than other
public stockholders. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of
any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds,
and the voting agreements of our sponsor, officers, directors, special advisor and our other advisors may make it more likely that we
will consummate our initial business combination. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public shares irrespective of whether
they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

13 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001
(so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement
which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions. For example, the proposed initial business combination may require: (i)
cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general
corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed initial business
combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are
validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial business
combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial business combination or redeem any shares,
and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of our Initial Business
Combination if we Seek Stockholder Approval 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek stockholder
approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant
to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any
affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. Such restriction shall also be applicable to our
affiliates. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts
by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed initial business combination as a means to
force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable
terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO could threaten
to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our management at a premium to the then-current
market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold
in our IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to
block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with an initial business combination with a
target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting
our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 

Tendering Stock Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer
or Redemption Rights 

We may require our public stockholders seeking
to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender
their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders,
or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy
materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal
At Custodian) System, at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders
of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public stockholders to
satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public stockholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials
until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the initial business combination if we distribute proxy
materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short exercise
period, it is advisable for stockholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However,
this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares.
The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

14 

The foregoing is different from the procedures
used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check
companies would distribute proxy materials for the stockholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply
vote against a proposed initial business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise
his or her redemption rights. After the initial business combination was approved, the company would contact such stockholder to arrange
for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the stockholder then had an option window 
after the completion of the initial business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s stock in
the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering
his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which stockholders were aware they needed to
commit before the stockholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the initial business
combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting
ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the initial business combination is approved. 

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may
be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the stockholder meeting set forth in our
proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of
redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request
that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders
of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If our initial business combination is not approved
or completed for any reason, then our public stockholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem
their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If our initial proposed initial business combination
is not completed, we may continue to try to complete an initial business combination with a different target until 18 months from the
closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing
for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period). 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business
Combination 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we have only 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement,
registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business combination within
such 18-month period) to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within
such 18-month period (or 24-month period, as applicable), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii)
as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem
100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or to fund our working capital
requirements (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which
redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating
distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to
the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations
under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights
or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within the 18-month time period (or 24-month time period, as applicable). 

15 

Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our
initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a
proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business
combination within such 18-month period). However, if our sponsor, our officers or directors or the anchor investors acquire public shares
in or after our IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within the allotted 18-month time period (or 24-month time period, as applicable). 

Our sponsor, officers, directors, special advisor
and our other advisors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial
business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement,
registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business combination within
such 18-month period) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including
interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes and/or to fund our working capital
requirements, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that
would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment
of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional
redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset
requirement (described above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 

We expect that all costs and expenses associated
with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately
 2,160,205 of proceeds held outside the trust account upon closing of our initial public offering, although we cannot assure you that
there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned on the proceeds held in the trust
account to pay any tax obligations we may owe or for working capital purposes (provided that the funds released for working capital purposes
may not exceed 250,000 annually). However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes on interest income
earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued
interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into
account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would
be approximately 10.10. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which
would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders will not be substantially less than 10.10. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide
for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient
assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we
intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service
providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee
that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against
the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. We are not aware of any product or service providers who have not or will not provide such waiver other than
the underwriters of our IPO and our independent registered public accounting firm. 

16 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we
have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the
trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.10 per share due to reductions in the value of
the trust assets, less taxes payable and up to 250,000 per year for working capital purposes, if any, provided that such liability will
not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held
in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve
for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor
would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including,
without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account
are reduced below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of
the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which
may be withdrawn to pay taxes and up to 250,000 per year for working capital purposes, if any, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable
to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent
directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently
expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations
to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the
cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent
directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations
and we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims
of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.10 per public share. 

We will seek to reduce the possibility that our
sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently
determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be
liable for claims made by creditors. 

Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable
for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion
of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our
initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a
proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business
combination within such 18-month period) may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies
with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against
it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during
which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are
made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s
pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the
third anniversary of the dissolution. 

17 

Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust
account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement,
registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business combination within
such 18-month period), is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be
unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently
unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the
unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our
initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a
proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business
combination within such 18-month period), we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or to fund our working capital requirements
(less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption
will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of
our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware
law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public
shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 18 th month from the closing of our IPO (or the 24 th month from
the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination
but have not completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period) and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those
procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but
no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. 

Because we do not comply with Section 280, Section
281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing
and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank
check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to
acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses.
As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against
us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote.
Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below
(i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of
the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and
up to 250,000 per year for working capital purposes, if any, and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 

If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders.
To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.10 per share to our
public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either
a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover
some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty
to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought
against us for these reasons. 

18 

Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the trust account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) the redemption
of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend any provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of the ability of holders of our public shares to seek redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement,
registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business combination within
such 18-month period) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our business combination within 18 months
from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar
filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period), subject
to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In
the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection
with the initial business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro
rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions
of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
may be amended with a stockholder vote. 

Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with
Our Initial Business Combination and if We Fail to Complete Our Initial Business Combination 

The following table compares the redemptions and
other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and
if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing
of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not
completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period). 

Redemptions in 
Connection with our Initial 
Business Combination 
 
 Other Permitted Purchases of 
Public Shares by us or our 
Affiliates 
 
 Redemptions if we fail to 
Complete an Initial 
Business Combination 
 
 Calculation of redemption price 
 
 Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a stockholder vote. In either case, our public stockholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be 10.10 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or to fund our working capital requirements, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place, if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon consummation of our initial business combination and any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connection with the negotiation of terms of a proposed initial business combination. 
 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. There is no limit to the prices that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may pay in these transactions. 
 
 If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period), we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the trust account (which is initially anticipated to be 10.10 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes or to fund our working capital requirements (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. 

Impact to remaining stockholders 
 
 The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining stockholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and the taxes payable. 
 
 If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining stockholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. 
 
 The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial stockholders, who will be our only remaining stockholders after such redemptions. 

19 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar
to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic
business combinations. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations
directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than
we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation
gives others an advantage in pursuing the initial business combination of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in
connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by
certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business
combination. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct
an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure
you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our
internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. We have no current intention of filing a Form
15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have
total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market
value of our shares of Class A common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the end
of that year s second fiscal quarter. 

20 

Employees 

We currently have 3 officers. These individuals
are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary
to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary
based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the initial business combination
process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our executive offices are located at 12141 Wickchester
Lane, Suite 325, Houston, TX 77079 and our telephone number is (212) 653-0153. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor.
Commencing on October 20, 2021, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 25,000 per month for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We may be subject to legal proceedings, investigations
and claims incidental to the conduct of our business from time to time. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other
legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that
has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

21 

part
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our
units began to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol NHICU on October 25, 2021. The shares of
Class A common stock and warrants included in our units began separate trading on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq under
the symbols NHIC and NHICW, respectively, on December 13, 2021. Units not separated will continue to trade on Nasdaq under the symbol
NHICU. After separation, the shares of Class A common stock and warrants may be recombined to create units. 

Holders
of Record 

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 19,490,000 of our shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding held by 1 stockholder of record
and 4,872,500 shares of Class B common stock held by 49 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the
records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of shares of common stock whose shares are held in the names of
various security brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial
business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements
and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business
combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors
to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring
any dividends in the foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring
any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited
by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In
February 2021, NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings LLC II, our sponsor, purchased an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares, for an
aggregate offering price of 25,000 at an average purchase price of approximately 0.005 per share. Our sponsor forfeited 1,635,126 founder
shares and the anchor investors purchased 1,635,126 founder shares upon consummation of the IPO. In addition, upon consummation of the
IPO, our Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 1,185,000 founder shares to its directors, officers and advisors. The number of founder
shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares upon completion
of our IPO. These Class B shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination
as described herein. On October 25, 2021, simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, our sponsor, and certain funds and accounts
managed by Magnetar Financial LLC, UBS O Connor LLC, and Kepos Capital, L.P. of 8,657,705 warrants (the Private Warrants in the aggregate, each at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total proceeds to the Company of 8,657,705. On October
26, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional 1,990,000 Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ), generating gross proceeds of 19,900,000 on October 29, 2021. Simultaneously with the sale of Over-Allotment Units, the
Company consummated a private placement of an additional 597,000 Private Warrants at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating
gross proceeds of 597,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO, except that the Private Warrants and
the shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrants may not be transferred, assigned, or sold (except
in limited circumstances, as described in the Registration Statement) until the date that is 30 days after the date the Company completes
its initial business combination. The Sponsor and the private warrants anchor investors were granted certain demand and piggyback registration
rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Warrants. 

On
March 15, 2021, the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which
the Company could borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on
the earlier of (i) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or (iii) the abandonment of the IPO. The outstanding balance under
the Promissory Notes was repaid in connection with the closing of the IPO on October 25, 2021. 

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our initial public offering and from the sale of the Private Warrants, see below
Part II, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-K. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

22 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction
with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the
discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated
in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements, and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

References in this report to we, 
 us or the Company refer to NewHold Investment Corp. II. References to our management or our
 management team refer to our officers and directors and references to the Sponsor refer to NewHold Industrial
Technology Holdings LLC II, a Delaware limited liability company. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on February
25, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Initial Business Combination ).
We intend to effectuate our Initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering that was completed
in October 2021 (the Public Offering and the sale of warrants in a private placement (the Private Placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the Public Offering (the Private Placement Warrants ), shares issued
to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

We have not selected any specific business combination
target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business
combination target. However, our management team had been actively in discussions with potential business combination partners in their
capacity as officers of NewHold Investment Corp. NHIC I ), which completed its business combination with Evolv Technologies,
Inc., a company specializing in artificial intelligence enabled touchless security screening, on July 19, 2021. Our management team may
pursue business combination partners that had previously been in discussions with NHIC I s management team. 

The issuance of additional shares in connection
with an initial business combination to the owners of the target or other investors: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in this offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of our common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

23 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our Class A common stock and/or warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant debt to bank or other lenders or the owners of a target, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As indicated in the accompanying financial statements,
at December 31, 2022, we had approximately 986,000 in cash, current liabilities of approximately 144,000 and a loss from operations
for the ended December 31, 2022 of approximately 1,719,000. We expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of an Initial Business
Combination and we cannot assure you that our plans to complete an Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated
any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2022 were organizational activities,
those necessary to prepare for the Public Offering and, after the Public Offering, efforts to identify a target company for a business
combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. We generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and investments held after the Public Offering. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the year ended December 31, 2021 and for the
period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net income (loss) of approximately 392,000 and 413,000),
respectively. 

24 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 we had a loss
from operations of approximately 1,719,000 consisting of approximately 619,000 for those legal, audit, reporting, insurance, listing
and other costs associated with our being a public company as well as approximately 572,000 of consulting and travel costs associated
with our search for a business combination partner, approximately 300,000 in administrative charges from our Sponsor and approximately
 175,000 in franchise taxes. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had non-operating income from investments in the Trust
Account of approximately 2,586,000. 

For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 413,000, which resulted largely (approximately 152,000) from those legal,
audit, reporting, insurance, listing and other costs associated with our being a public company subsequent to October 25, 2021, consultant
and travel expenses associated with our search for a target company for a business combination of approximately 77,000 administrative
fees of the Sponsor of approximately 56,000 and franchise taxes of approximately 144,000 net of interest income of approximately 16,000. 

After Public Offering, we are incurring increased
expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due
diligence expenses. Our costs are likely to further increase when/if we locate a Business Combination target. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

In October 2021, we consummated the Public Offering
of an aggregate of 19,490,000 Units (including the partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option) at a price of 10.00
per unit generating gross proceeds of approximately 194,900,000 before underwriting discounts and expenses. Simultaneously with the consummation
of the Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 9,254,705 Private Placement Warrants, each exercisable to purchase one
share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, to the Sponsor and certain funds and accounts managed by Magnetar Financial LLC,
UBS O Connor LLC, and Kepos Capital, L.P., at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds, before
expenses, of approximately 9,254,705. 

The net proceeds from the Public Offering and Private
Placement were approximately 199,622,000, net of the non-deferred portion of the underwriting commissions of 3,898,000 and offering
costs and other expenses of approximately 635,000. 196,849,000 of the proceeds of the Public Offering and the Private Placement have
been deposited into a trust account, with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trust Account ),
and are not available to us for operations (except amounts to pay taxes). 

For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, largely subsequent to the Public Offering, we used approximately 907,000 in operating activities, generated
approximately 199,728,000 of cash from financing activities and used approximately 196,849,000 in investing activities. 

In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
used approximately 1,967,000 of cash in operations and raised approximately 981,000 from withdrawals of interest income from the Trust
Account to pay taxes. Our withdrawals from the Trust Account exceeded our interest income available to us resulting in our Class A common
shares subject to redemption exceeding our balance in the Trust Account by approximately 72,000. This condition occurs largely due to
the payment of estimated taxes in excess of actual required payments. This condition will self-correct in January 2023. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting
commissions), to complete our Initial Business Combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay income taxes, if any. Our
annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account.
We do not expect the interest income earned on the amount in the Trust Account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our income and franchise
taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Initial Business Combination,
the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses,
make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

Subsequent to our Public Offering and prior to the
completion of our Initial Business Combination, we currently have available to us approximately 986,000 of proceeds held outside the
Trust Account for working capital at December 31, 2022. We plan to use these funds primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses,
perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective
target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses,
structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, and to pay taxes to the extent the interest earned on the Trust Account is not
sufficient to pay our taxes. 

25 

Mandatory Liquidation, Liquidity and Going Concern 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to
Continue as a Going Concern, as of December 31, 2022, the Company has approximately 986,000 in cash and approximately 1,258,000
in working capital and management has determined that the Company s current liquidity is sufficient to fund the working capital
needs of the Company until one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. However, if the Company cannot complete a
Business Combination prior to April 25, 2023 (or October 25, 2023 if certain conditions are met), it could be forced to wind up its operations
and liquidate unless it receives an extension approval from its shareholders. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The
Company s plan to deal with this uncertainty is to complete a Business Combination prior to April 25, 2023 or seek an extension
approval from its shareholders. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful
or successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds following our Public Offering in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimates of
the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an initial business combination are less
than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business
combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Initial Business Combination or because we become
obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Initial Business Combination, in which case we may
issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements; Commitments and Contractual Obligations;
Quarterly Results 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities which
would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated
entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into
any agreements for non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

In March 2021, our Sponsor agreed to loan us up
to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note. Prior to the Public Offering
we had borrowed approximately 85,000 under the promissory note. The note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and payable promptly after
the earlier of the date on which the Company consummates an initial public offering or the date on which the Company determines not to
conduct an initial public offering of its securities. On October 25, 2021, the Company repaid the outstanding balance under the promissory
note and the Note is no longer available to the Company. 

On October 25, 2021, the Company agreed to pay 25,000
a month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support to the Sponsor. Services commenced on the date the securities
were first listed on The Nasdaq Global Market and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of an initial Business
Combination or the liquidation of the Company. The Company paid and charged to operations 300,000 and 75,000, respectively, for the
year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, for these services and there
were no amounts unpaid at those dates. 

The Company paid an underwriting discount
of 2.0 of the per Unit price to the underwriters, an aggregate fee of 3,898,000, at the closings of the Public Offering with an additional
fee (the Deferred Discount of 3.5 6,821,500 including the underwriters over-allotment option exercise) of the
gross offering proceeds payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to
the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. 

26 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
Management does not believe that the Company has any critical accounting estimates. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As
a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Our
financial statements and the notes thereto begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

27 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and
chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December
31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of
December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

1. 
 pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, 

2. 
 provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and 

3. 
 provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments
and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation
report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under
the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the
Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our
internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None 

28 

part
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information about our directors and
executive officers as of March 28, 2023. 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Kevin Charlton 
 
 55 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Samy Hammad 
 
 34 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Thomas J. Sullivan 
 
 58 
 
 Director, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Charles Goldman 
 
 52 
 
 Director, Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Charlie Baynes-Reid 
 
 46 
 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Kathleen Harris 
 
 59 
 
 Director 
 
 Brian Mathis 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Neil Glat 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Suzy Taherian 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark Cirilli 
 
 49 
 
 Director 
 
 Alicia Moy 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Kevin
Charlton, CEO . Kevin Charlton is our Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Charlton has been the Co-Chairman of NewHold Enterprises since
2017 and has spent more than 20 years in private equity. Mr. Charlton has been a director of Evolv Technologies Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq:
EVLV), formerly known as NewHold Investment Corp., since NewHold Investment Corp. closed its business combination with Evolv Technologies,
Inc. in July 2021. He was the Chief Executive Officer of NewHold Investment Corp. from January 2020 until it closed its business combination
with Evolv Technologies, Inc. Prior to NewHold Enterprises, Mr. Charlton was the Co-Founder of River Hollow Partners from June 2013 through
April 2017. From January 2014 through February 2015, Mr. Charlton was the President and Chief Operating Officer of Hennessy Capital Acquisition
Corp., a 115 million NASDAQ-listed SPAC that merged with Blue Bird Corporation (NASDAQ: BLBD), the school bus manufacturer, in February
2015. From July 2015 through February 2017, he then served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors
of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. II, a 200 million NASDAQ-listed SPAC that merged with Daseke, Inc. (NASDAQ: DSKE), in February
2017. From July 2017 through October 2019, Mr. Charlton served as President, Chief Operating Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Hennessy Capital Acquisition Corp. III, a 275 million NYSE-listed SPAC that merged with NRC Group (NYSE: NRCG) in October
2018. Prior to NewHold, Mr. Charlton was with JPMorgan (NYSE: JPM), Investcorp, and Macquarie (ASX: MQG). Mr. Charlton has served on
more than 25 Boards of Directors in all relevant roles, and in almost all cases as Chairman or Lead Director on behalf of the majority
owner. Prior to his career in private equity, Mr. Charlton was with McKinsey and Company in New York and NASA Headquarters in Washington,
DC. Mr. Charlton has been Chairman of American AllWaste LLC since May 2018, and currently also serves as a member of the Boards of Spirit
Realty Capital (NYSE: SRC), a triple net commercial REIT that he took public in 2012, and Macro Energy LLC, a high efficiency lighting
company. Mr. Charlton also currently serves as the Chairman of F S Precision Holdings, Inc., a company that does precision tooling
for plastic injection molding. Mr. Charlton has successfully sold companies to both strategic and financial investors, maximized value
through the staged exit to separate buyers, and taken companies public, including companies in the manufacturing, distribution, business
services, transportation, real estate, consumer products, and food and beverage sectors. He has a long history of working in partnership
with management to develop and execute a strategic agenda. Mr. Charlton received his Bachelor s degree in Aerospace Engineering
 cum laude from Princeton University in 1988, his Master of Science in Aerospace Engineering with Distinction from the University
of Michigan in 1990, and his Master of Business Administration with Honors from the Kellogg School at Northwestern University in 1995. 

Samy
Hammad, CFO. Samy Hammad is our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Hammad has over a decade of experience in investment banking and
capital markets practices. Prior to joining NewHold Investment Corp. II, Mr. Hammad worked as a director in the investment banking division
at Citigroup from 2014 to 2021, where he covered financial sponsors and SPACs, providing a full range of investment banking services
including M A advisory, acquisition finance, equity and debt offerings and private placements. While at Citigroup, Mr. Hammad worked
on and completed over 45 transactions across the consumer, technology, healthcare, and industrials verticals, including raising more
than 2 billion for SPAC sponsors. Prior to Citigroup, Mr. Hammad worked in the leverage finance group at CIT from 2011 to 2014, where
he focused on middle market private equity backed companies in the transportation and aerospace defense sectors. Mr. Hammad received
a Bachelor of Business Administration degree with a focus on Finance from the George Washington University in 2009. 

29 

Charlie
Baynes-Reid, COO . Charlie Baynes-Reid is our Chief Operating Officer. Mr. Baynes-Reid is a founding partner and Managing Director
of NewHold Enterprises, having spent more than 20 years in private equity and principal investing, both as a legal advisor and as an
investor. Mr. Baynes-Reid served as the Chief Operating Officer of NewHold Investment Corp. from January 2020 to July 2021. Mr. Baynes-Reid
has extensive experience working with portfolio companies on acquisitions and divestures, consolidation strategies, debt financing and
refinancing, capital markets and exit strategies through private sales, public mergers, and initial public offerings (or IPOs). He also
has significant knowledge of core legal and regulatory considerations relating to both domestic as well as complex cross border transactions
and his sector experience includes companies focusing on logistics, business services, real estate, diversified industrials, renewable
energy, and financial services. Qualifying as a lawyer in the United Kingdom in 2001 with Simmons Simmons law firm practicing in
the Corporate Finance Group, he worked in London and Tokyo before moving to the Minter Ellison law firm in Sydney focusing on mergers
and acquisitions. He joined Macquarie (ASX: MQG) in 2005, working primarily on acquisitions, based initially in Sydney. In 2007, he relocated
to Macquarie s New York office, where he focused on principal investments and capital markets transactions across multiple jurisdictions,
before becoming one of the founding partners of River Hollow Partners in early 2014, where he continues to serve as a partner and General
Counsel. Since 2017, Mr. Baynes-Reid has been a Founding Partner, Managing Director and General Counsel for NewHold Enterprises LLC.
Mr. Baynes-Reid received his LLB Honors degree in Business Law from City University, London and is dual-qualified as an English lawyer
and a member of the New York Bar. Mr. Baynes-Reid currently serves as the Chairman of Macro Energy LLC, the first NewHold Enterprises
industrial technology platform, which he helped launch, is on the Board of NewHold AEC Corp. and Powerful Foods LLC, and is a Board observer
for Luna Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Thomas
J. Sullivan, Chairman . Thomas Sullivan is the Chairman of the Board as of the date hereof. Mr. Sullivan has over 30 years of
experience in finance and operations. Mr. Sullivan served as the Chairman of the Board of NewHold Investment Corp. from July 2020 to
July 2021. Mr. Sullivan has served as a partner with Standard General L.P., a New York-based investment firm that manages event-driven
opportunity funds, since June 2016 where he is responsible for portfolio management of Standard General s SG Special Situations
Fund L.P. He has served on numerous boards for over 20 years and has broad leadership skills and extensive operational and financial
restructuring experience as well as experience in the fields of private equity and capital markets. He is currently a member of the Board
of Trustees of Spirit MTA REIT (NASDAQ: SMTA) and Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. (NASDAQ: ICMB). He previously served as a director
of Hennessy Acquisition Corp. II, a NASDAQ-listed SPAC, from July 2015 to February 2017. From 2009 to 2015, Mr. Sullivan was the Managing
Partner of Smallwood Partners, LLC, a financial advisory services firm. From 1996 to 2008, Mr. Sullivan served as a Managing Director
of Investcorp International, Inc., a global middle market private equity firm, where he was a member of the U.S. Investment Committee
and a Senior Partner on the Post-Acquisition Team. Prior to his time at Investcorp, he served as Vice President and Treasurer of The
Leslie Fay Companies. Previously, Mr. Sullivan was a Senior Manager in the Turnaround and Restructuring Group and a Senior and Staff
Account of Arthur Anderson Co. Mr. Sullivan holds a Bachelor s degree from Villanova University. We believe that Mr. Sullivan
is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his public company experience and transaction expertise. 

Charles
Goldman, Vice Chairman . Charles Goldman has served as one of our directors since inception and is the Vice Chairman of the Board
as of the date hereof. Mr. Goldman has been the Co-Founder and Co-Chairman of NewHold Enterprises since 2017, and has spent more than
20 years in private equity. He served as a member of the board of directors of NewHold Investment Corp. from January 2020 to July 2020,
and as the Vice Chairman of the Board of NewHold Investment Corp. from July 2020 to July 2021. Prior to NewHold Enterprises, Mr. Goldman
worked at Mill Road Capital from 2005 until 2017, where he was a founding partner, JPMorgan Partners, including Chase Capital Partners,
and Chemical Venture Partners. Mr. Goldman is Chairman of the Board of NewHold AEC Corp. and serves on the boards of American AllWaste
LLC and F S Precision Holdings, Inc. Mr. Goldman s private equity career includes extensive experience in deal sourcing, structuring,
debt-financing, and portfolio company management. He has led transactions including buyouts of public and private companies, growth equity,
structured investments and investments in public companies. In addition to his deal sourcing and structuring responsibilities, Mr. Goldman
has extensive experience serving as a board member and working in partnership with management, and has worked with companies in industries
including aerospace, automotive, business services, retail and telecommunications. In addition to his work at Mill Road and JPMorgan
Partners, Mr. Goldman worked at Ascend Media where he was an Executive Vice President and at Dillon, Read Co. where he was an investment
banking analyst. Mr. Goldman received Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Sciences degrees from the College of Arts and Sciences and The
Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania, respectively. Mr. Goldman also received an MBA from the Harvard Business School. We
believe that Mr. Goldman is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his expertise in the financial services and industrial
technology industries. 

30 

Neil
Glat . Neil Glat is one of our independent directors and chairs the Nominating Committee as of the date hereof. Mr. Glat has been
a director of Evolv Technologies Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: EVLV), formerly known as NewHold Investment Corp. since NewHold Investment Corp.
closed its business combination with Evolv Technologies, Inc. in July 2021. He was a member of the board of directors of NewHold Investment
Corp. from July 2020 until it closed its business combination with Evolv Technologies, Inc. From September 2019 through March 2020, Mr.
Glat was a Senior Advisor to the New York Jets. He has also been a Managing Member of NG Strategies, LLC since September 2019. From April
2012 through August 2019, Mr. Glat served as the President of the New York Jets. Prior to that, Mr. Glat was a senior executive at the
National Football League for 15 years, where he oversaw corporate development and strategy, in addition to having top-tier experience
in management consulting at McKinsey Company and investment banking at Dillon, Read Co. Mr. Glat is currently on the Board
of ASM Global, a privately-held company which is the world s largest stadium, arena, convention center, theater, and venue management
company and which was formed by the recent merger of SMG and AEG Facilities. In addition, Mr. Glat serves on many philanthropic boards.
Mr. Glat has extensive operating and strategic experience in sports, entertainment, media, and hospitality. During his more than 25 years
in combined tenures at the New York Jets, the National Football League, and professional service firms, Mr. Glat has consistently focused
on, among other things, driving revenue growth, increasing consumer engagement, identifying new businesses, encouraging innovation, developing
forward-looking strategies, and executing strategic transactions and deals. Mr. Glat earned a Bachelor of Sciences degree in Economics
from The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania and a JD from Harvard Law School. We believe that Mr. Glat is qualified to
serve on our board of directors based on his extensive operational, managerial, strategic, and financial experience. 

Kathleen
Harris . Kathleen Harris is one of our independent directors and chairs the Audit Committee as of the date hereof. Ms. Harris
has more than 30 years of experience in investment management and fundamental research in public equity markets, as well as operational
management of a private company. She served as one of the independent directors of NewHold Investment Corp. from July 2020 to July 2021.
Ms. Harris has been the Chief Financial Officer of Dinges Fire Company, a Midwest fire equipment distributor, since February 2018. Prior
to joining Dinges Fire Company, she was an investment analyst for hedge fund SDK Capital, specializing in long/short analysis of U.S.
companies from August 2010 through February 2018. From 1995 to 2004, as a partner for Oechsle International Advisors, Ms. Harris was
a portfolio manager and equity analyst for institutional clients invested in non-US and emerging markets. From 1990 to 1995, Ms. Harris
was international portfolio manager and analyst for the State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Her research expertise spans company, industry,
and market analysis including health care, telecommunications, consumer staples, consumer discretionary, and industrial groups across
U.S., European, Asian, and emerging markets. Ms. Harris began her career as analyst and portfolio manager at The Northern Trust Company
in Chicago. She successfully completed the Chartered Financial Analyst program in 1988 and earned her Bachelor of Sciences degree from
the University of Illinois in 1984 and an MBA from the University of Chicago in 1987. We believe that Ms. Harris is qualified to serve
on our board of directors based on her extensive financial, operational, and principal investing experience. 

Brian
Mathis . Brian P. Mathis is one of our independent directors and chairs the Compensation Committee as of the date hereof. He served
as one of the independent directors of NewHold Investment Corp. from July 2020 to July 2021. Since December 2011, Mr. Mathis has been
a founding partner of Pine Street Alternative Asset Management LP and brings significant alternative asset investment experience, including
hedge fund, private equity, and venture capital experience. Previously, Mr. Mathis was a Co-Managing Partner of Provident Group Asset
Management, LLC where he was a member of the investment committee and primarily responsible for portfolio construction and capital raising.
Before joining PGAM, Mr. Mathis was a Managing Director at Advent Capital Management, responsible for business development and marketing
of their multi-strategy, credit, and convertible hedge fund strategies. Prior to Advent, Mr. Mathis was a Director at Pacific Alternative
Asset Management Company (PAAMCO), a fund of hedge funds with over 7.5 billion of assets under management. At PAAMCO, he was a member
of the Investment Management Committee, evaluating directional hedge fund strategies, portfolio asset allocation and guiding strategic
initiatives for the firm, including establishing PAAMCO s London office. Prior to PAAMCO, Mr. Mathis was a Vice President at JPMorgan
(NYSE: JPM) serving in various private equity groups focusing on investments in the hedge fund space, later-stage venture/growth capital,
and mid-cap LBOs, as well as private equity placements. Mr. Mathis served on the Board of Directors/Advisors for PlusFunds (observer),
Eastport Operating Partners LP, Edison Schools, LinksCorp, and Bell Sports. Mr. Mathis has been serving as a member of the board of directors
of Vericast Corp. since September 2020. Mr. Mathis received a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from the University of Michigan
Business School and a JD/MPA from Harvard Law School and the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University, respectively.
We believe that Mr. Mathis is qualified to serve on our board of directors based on his extensive principal investing and capital markets
experience. 

31 

Suzy
Taherian . Suzy Taherian is one of our independent directors as of the date hereof. Ms. Taherian has over 25 years of experience
acting as Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, and acting Chief Financial Officer for global industrial companies. She served
as one of the independent directors of NewHold Investment Corp. from July 2020 to July 2021. Most recently, she joined Xpansiv as their
CFO and is currently a member of the board of directors of Wrightspeed Inc. effective June 1, 2021. Xpansiv is a global digital marketplace
for data-driven, ESG-inclusive products. Ms. Taherian started her career as a consultant with Accenture, advising large companies on
implementation of ERP systems to optimize operations. She later held various senior finance roles for 16 years at Exxon and Chevron.
Since January 2020, Ms. Taherian has been an advisor to TKCapital, a private equity firm with investments in industrial companies. Additionally,
Ms. Taherian has served as Chief Financial Officer of several industrial companies - from February 2017 through December 2019, at Kinetic
Systems Inc., a global engineering and construction firm; from July 2016 through January 2017, at RePower, a national software company;
from June 2015 through June 2016, at NobleIron, a publicly-traded construction equipment rental company (TSX:NIR); and from April 2013
through May 2015, at eCullet, a national manufacturer of glass. Over her career, she has worked on financings of over 4.5 billion and
M A transactions of over 2.5 billion. She previously served on numerous boards such as Glass to Glass, a joint venture with Owens
Illinois which is the world s largest glass manufacturer, and Chevron Federal Credit Union, which has over 1 billion in assets.
She previously served on boards of various nonprofits (including a homeless shelter and a school) and is an active community leader and
was appointed as the Contra Costa County Library Commissioner, advocating for literacy and education for 1 million residents of the county.
Since 2019, she has been on the Steering Committee of CFO Leadership Council, a national organization of Chief Financial Officers. Additionally,
Ms. Taherian has been an adjunct professor at UC Davis Graduate School of Management for last 9 years, teaching courses on International
Finance and International Business. Ms. Taherian holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Mechanical Engineering from UC Davis and an MBA
from the Kellogg School of Management, Northwestern University. We believe that Ms. Taherian is qualified to serve on our board of directors
based on her 25 years of experience as a finance executive with industrial companies. 

Mark
J. Cirilli. Mark Cirilli is one of our independent directors as of the date hereof. Mr. Cirilli has been the managing director
of MissionPoint Partners, LLC, an impact investment advisor and asset management firm he co-founded, since 2014. Additionally Mr. Cirilli
has been a managing director of MissionPoint Capital Partners, LLC MissionPoint ), a private equity firm he co-founded
that specializes in clean energy, since 2007. MissionPoint has been an impact investment advisor and asset manager that helps families
and institutions reach their impact investment objectives. Mr. Cirilli led MissionPoint s overall strategy and chaired the firm s
investment committee. At MissionPoint, Mr. Cirilli has led investments in and helped build a wide range of transformational, impact-driven
businesses including Hannon Armstrong (NYSE ticker symbol HASI ), Voltaix Inc. (sold to Air Liquide S.A. in 2013), SunEdison
LLC (sold to MEMC Electronic Materials Inc. in 2009), ReCommunity Holdings II, Inc. (sold to Republic Services, Inc. in 2017), and AeroFarms
Inc. Prior to forming MissionPoint, Mr. Cirilli served as the Chief Investment Officer of Marshall Street Management, a private family
office of an impact investment pioneer, Jesse Fink. He was also with Coopers Lybrand s Financial Advisory Services Group
where he provided due diligence and transactions services support for mergers and acquisitions by Fortune 500 Companies. In addition,
Mr. Cirilli co-founded CapShift LLC in December 2018, a turnkey impact investment management platform aimed at enabling a 120b donor
advised fund to access the impact investment market. He has been serving as a director at CapShift LLC since then. Mr. Cirilli serves
on a number of private impact-driven company boards and a number of investment committees. Mr. Cirilli received a Bachelor of Arts degree
in Accounting from Fordham University in 1994 and a Masters in Business Administration from Columbia University in 2002. We believe Mr.
Cirilli s extensive experience in investment management, corporate finance, accounting and business operations makes him qualified
to serve as a member of our board of directors. 

32 

Alicia
Moy. Alicia Moy is one of our independent directors as of the date hereof. Since May 2013, Ms. Moy has been the President and
Chief Executive Officer of Hawaii Gas, which is Hawaii s only government-franchised, full-service gas company. Ms. Moy s
expertise in utilities and energy has given her a unique and holistic perspective on the integrated nature of the current energy ecosystem
and how it is transforming to meet renewable energy goals. In October 2019, Ms. Moy became President of MIC Hawaii Holdings, LLC, the
parent company of Hawaii Gas and several other business entities that aim to improve the reliability, sustainability and economy of Hawaii s
energy. From 2001 to 2013, Ms. Moy served as the Senior Vice President at Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets MIRA ),
where she oversaw corporate strategy, strategic planning, funding and management of several MIRA-managed utility companies. From 1999
to 2001, Ms. Moy worked for Morgan Stanley s Investment Banking division, where she was involved in corporate finance and mergers
and acquisitions for private equity clients. Ms. Moy has been serving as a member of Hawaii Gas s board of directors since 2011.
She is a member of the Hawaii Business Roundtable and the Military Affairs Council. She serves on the boards of Bank of Hawaii, the Chamber
of Commerce of Hawaii, the Western Energy Institute, The Nature Conservancy of Hawaii and the Workforce Development Council. She also
sits on the advisory board for Women in Renewable Energy. Ms. Moy received her bachelor s degree in finance and marketing from
the University of Miami in 1999 and a master s degree in finance from INSEAD in 2009. We believe that Ms. Moy is qualified to serve
on our board of directors based on her extensive operational, managerial, strategic, financial, and public company experience. 

Special
Advisor 

Adam
Deutsch . Adam Deutsch serves as a special advisor to the Company and focuses primarily on the Company s operations. Mr.
Deutsch has served as the Vice President of NewHold Enterprises since 2018. He served as the Chief Financial Officer of NewHold Investment
Corp. from January 2020 to July 2021. Prior to joining NewHold, Mr. Deutsch served as Vice President and was a founding member of River
Hollow Partners from September 2013 through December 2017. Prior to that, Mr. Deutsch spent five years at Laurus Capital, where he participated
in over 30 transactions involving extensive restructuring of distressed businesses, including various take-private transactions and reverse
mergers. He has guided numerous companies through the identification and implementation of strategic growth initiatives, with an emphasis
on empowering managers as a means to driving value. Mr. Deutsch began his career in the UBS (SWX: UBSG) retail banking group. Mr. Deutsch
earned a Bachelor of Arts degree from Vassar College, and an MBA with Honors from the Columbia Business School. He has served as Chief
Financial Officer of Macro Energy LLC since 2014, and sits on the Boards of American AllWaste LLC and F S Precision Holdings, Inc. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of 8 directors and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year
and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In
accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Neil Glat and Kathleen
Harris, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Brian
Mathis, Mark J. Cirilli, and Alicia Moy will expire at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class
of directors, consisting of Charles Goldman, Thomas Sullivan and Suzy Taherian, will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our
bylaws provide that our officers may consist of a Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and such other officers
(including, without limitation, a Chairman of the Board, Presidents, Vice Presidents, Assistant Secretaries and a Treasurer) as may be
determined by the board of directors. 

33 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Suzy Taherian, Thomas Sullivan,
Neil Glat, Kathleen Harris, Brian Mathis, Mark J. Cirilli, and Alicia Moy are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq
listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent
directors are present. 

Officer
and Director Compensation 

None
of our officers has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on October 20, 2021, we agreed to pay an affiliate
of our sponsor a total of 25,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of
our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No other compensation of any kind, including
any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor,
officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to
effectuate, the consummation of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis
all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial
business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments,
we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers
for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting
or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in
the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business
combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or
members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination,
because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation
to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee
constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

34 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has established three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee, and a nominating committee.
Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of
a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company
be comprised solely of independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

Effective
as of October 20, 2021, we established an audit committee of the board of directors. Suzy Taherian, Brian Mathis and Kathleen Harris
serve as members of our audit committee, and Kathleen Harris chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Suzy Taherian,
Brian Mathis and Kathleen Harris meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of
the Exchange Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Kathleen Harris qualifies as an
 audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public
 accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public
 accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting
 firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control
 procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review,
 or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or
 professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent
 audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all
 relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess
 the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404
 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors,
 as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence
 with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that
 raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
 changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

Effective
as of October 20, 2021, we established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Brian Mathis, and Neil Glat serve as members
of our compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members
of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Brian Mathis, and Neil Glat are independent, and Brian Mathis
chairs the compensation committee. 

35 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive
 Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving
 the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other
 officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy
 statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of 25,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for
office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other
similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to,
or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely
that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review
and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Nominating
Committee 

Effective
as of October 20, 2021, we established a nominating committee of the board of directors, which consists of Neil Glat, Kathleen Harris,
and Suzy Taherian, each of whom is an independent director under Nasdaq s listing standards. Neil Glat chairs the nominating committee.
The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The
nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. 

Guidelines
for Selecting Director Nominees 

The
guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in the Nominating Committee Charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: 

should
 have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should
 possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution
 to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds
 to its deliberations; and 

should
 have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication
 to serving the interests of the stockholders. 

36 

The
nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity
and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require
certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and
will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating
committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, or in the past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one
or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
adopted a code of conduct and ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees in accordance with applicable federal securities
laws. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Some
of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations to present the opportunity to such entity, he or she will honor his or her
fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations of our officers or directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our
company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us
to pursue, and to the extent such person is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors are permitted to participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, another special
purpose acquisition company at any time. As a result, our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining
whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved.
Although we have no formal policy in place for vetting potential conflicts of interest, our board of directors will review any potential
conflicts of interest on a case-by-case basis. 

Potential
investors should be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers and directors is required to commit their full time to our affairs and, accordingly,
 they may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become aware
 of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to our
 company as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management has
 pre-existing fiduciary duties and contractual obligations and may have conflicts of interest
 in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

37 

Our
 sponsor, officers, directors, special advisor and our other advisors have agreed to waive
 their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by
 them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination, and the anchor
 investors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares
 in such situation. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their rights
 to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held
 by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months from the
 closing of our IPO (or 24 months from the closing of our IPO if we have filed a proxy statement,
 registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not
 completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period), although they will
 be entitled to such liquidating distributions with respect to any public shares they hold
 if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame.
 If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period,
 the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will
 be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will
 expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, the founder shares will not be transferable,
 assignable by our sponsor or the anchor investors until the earlier of: (A) one year after
 the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business
 combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds
 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
 and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least
 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation,
 merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
 in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for
 cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, the private placement
 warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable,
 assignable or saleable by our sponsor or the private warrants anchor investors (as applicable)
 or their permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
 combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own
 common stock and warrants following our IPO, our officers and directors may have a conflict
 of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
 with which to effectuate our initial business combination. In particular, because the founder
 shares were purchased at approximately 0.005 per share, the holders of our founder shares
 (including our officers and directors that directly or indirectly own founder shares) could
 make a substantial profit after our initial business combination even if our public stockholders
 experience substantial losses on their investment as a result of a decrease in the post-combination
 value of their public shares (after accounting for any adjustments in connection with an
 exchange or other transaction contemplated by the business combination). Permitted transferees
 of the founder shares would be subject to the same restrictions. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was
 included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial
 business combination. 

Our
 sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
 a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor
 or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction
 costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 100,000 of such
 loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the
 lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as
 to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business
opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would not be fair to the corporation and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought
 to the attention of the corporation. 

38 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business
opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly
offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally
and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer
is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Kevin
 Charlton 
 
 NewHold Enterprises, Industrial Holding Company 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 Co-Chairman 

Spirit Realty Capital 
 
 Real estate investment trust (REIT) 
 
 Director 

American AllWaste LLC 
 
 Growth platform focused on non-hazardous liquid waste
 industry 
 
 Director 

NewHold AEC Corp. 
 
 Architecture and engineering services 
 
 Director 

Macro Energy LLC 
 
 Provider of lighting solutions 
 
 Director 

Evolv Technologies Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Provider of AI touchless security screening systems 
 
 Director 
 
 Thomas
 J. Sullivan 
 
 Investcorp Credit Management BDC, Inc. 
 
 Credit manager 
 
 Director 

Spirit MTA REIT 
 
 Real estate investment trust 
 
 Director 
 
 Charles
 Goldman 
 
 NewHold Enterprises LLC 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 Co-Chairman 

American AllWaste LLC 
 
 Growth platform focused on non-hazardous liquid waste
 industry 
 
 Director 

NewHold AEC Corp. 
 
 Architecture and engineering services 
 
 Chairman 

F S Tool Inc. 
 
 Mold making services 
 
 Director 

R.G. Barry Corporation 
 
 Brand developer and marketer 
 
 Director 
 
 Charlie
 Baynes-Reid 
 
 NewHold Enterprises LLC 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 Managing Director and General Counsel 

River Hollow Partners, LLC 
 
 Investment firm 
 
 General Counsel 

Macro Energy LLC 
 
 Provider of lighting solutions 
 
 Director 

Powerful Foods LLC 
 
 Food and beverage company 
 
 Director 

NewHold AEC Corp. 
 
 Architecture and engineering services 
 
 Director 

American AllWaste LLC 
 
 Growth platform focused on non-hazardous liquid waste
 industry 
 
 General Counsel 
 
 Kathleen
 Harris 
 
 Dinges Partners Group 
 
 Fire equipment company 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Brian
 Mathis 
 
 Pine Street Alternative Asset Management LP 
 
 Asset management firm 
 
 Partner 

Vericast Corp. 
 
 Marketing 
 
 Director 
 
 Neil
 Glat 
 
 NG Strategies, LLC 
 
 Strategic consulting firm 
 
 Managing Member 

ASM Global Parent, Inc. 
 
 Venue management 
 
 Director 

Evolv Technologies Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Provider of AI touchless security screening systems 
 
 Director 
 
 Mark
 Cirilli 
 
 MissionPoint Partners LLC 
 
 Registered Investment Advisor - Impact Investment Manager 
 
 Co-Founder, Managing Director 

CapShift LLC 
 
 Impact Investing Platform 
 
 Board of Directors Member 

Dream Holdings, Inc. (dba AeroFarms) 
 
 Indoor Vertical Farming 
 
 Board Observer 

OptiRTC Holdings LLC 
 
 Web-based Platform for Stormwater Management 
 
 Board of Directors Member 

Divert, Inc. 
 
 Delivers a technology-enabled service to food retailers
 to manage the end-to-end recycling of organic waste and other materials to reduce the volume of waste produced 
 
 Board of Directors Member 

Bigelow Tea 
 
 Manufacturer of Dried Teas 
 
 Investment Advisory Committee Member 

39 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Titan Grove 
 
 Impact-driven Investment Manager 
 
 Advisor 

SAF Holdco LLC (dba Leif) 
 
 Social enterprise partnering with schools to expand
 access to education via Income Share Agreement programs 
 
 Director 
 
 Alicia Moy 
 
 The Gas Company LLC (dba Hawaii Gas) 
 
 Gas and Liquefied Propane Gas Distribution 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 

MIC Hawaii Holdings, LLC 
 
 Holding Company for Gas and Renewable Energy Businesses 
 
 President 

Bank of Hawaii 
 
 Financial Services 
 
 Director 

Accordingly,
if any of the above executive officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of
the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects
the opportunity. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors.
In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would
obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that
such an initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our
sponsor, officers, directors, special advisor and our other advisors have agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public
shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial
business combination. The anchor investors have also agreed to vote the founder shares held by them in favor of our initial business
combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent
authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary
duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally
violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper
personal benefit from their actions as directors. 

We
have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification
provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any
officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such
indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and
directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations
to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions
also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action,
if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected
to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary
to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

40 

PRINCIPAL
STOCKHOLDERS 

Our
sponsor, officers, directors, special advisor and an employee of an affiliate of our sponsor have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned
by them in favor of any proposed initial business combination and (B) not to redeem any shares in connection with a stockholder vote
to approve a proposed initial business combination. The anchor investors have also agreed to vote the founder shares held by them in
favor of our initial business combination. The anchor investors have also agreed to waive their right to liquidating distributions from
the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months
from the closing of this offering (or 24 months from the closing of this offering if we have filed a proxy statement, registration statement
or similar filing for an initial business combination but have not completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period),
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we
fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. In addition, the anchor investors have agreed to
waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares. 

Restrictions
on Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants 

The
founder shares, private placement warrants and any shares of Class A common stock issued upon conversion or exercise thereof are each
subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with us to be entered into by our sponsor, officers,
directors, special advisor and our other advisors (or a subscription agreement in the case of each of the anchor investors). Those lock-up
provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or salable (i) in the case of the founder shares, until the earlier of (A)
one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last
reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial
business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or
other property, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, until 30
days after the completion of our initial business combination, except in each case (a) to our officers or directors, any affiliates or
family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor, or any affiliates of our sponsor; (b) in the case of
an individual, by gift to a member of the individual s immediate family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of
the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual,
by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of the individual; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination
at prices no greater than the price at which the shares or warrants were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation prior
to the completion of our initial business combination; or (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or our sponsor s limited liability
company agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor; or (h) in the case of an anchor investor, to such anchor investor s affiliates,
or any investment fund or other entity controlled or managed by such anchor investor, or to any investment manager or investment advisor
of such anchor investor or an affiliate of any such investment manager or investment advisor, provided, however, that in the case of
clauses (a) through (e), (g) or (h), these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer
restrictions and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements and by the same agreements entered into by our sponsor, officers,
directors, special advisor or our other advisors, as the case may be, with respect to such securities (including provisions relating
to voting, the trust account and liquidation distributions described elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 

41 

Registration
Rights 

The
holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and
any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon
conversion of working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a
registration rights agreement entered into on the date of our IPO, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of
the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities are entitled
to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back 
registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and
rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons
who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission
initial reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our shares of common stock and other equity securities. These executive
officers, directors, and greater than 10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms filed by such reporting persons. 

Based
solely on our review of such forms furnished to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that all filing
requirements applicable to our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 beneficial owners were filed in a timely manner. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment
Agreements 

We
have not entered into any employment agreements with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon
termination of employment. 

Executive
Officers and Director Compensation 

No
executive officer has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting
or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing stockholders, including our directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the consummation of a business combination. However, such individuals
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. There is no limit on the amount of these out-of-pocket
expenses and there will be no review of the reasonableness of the expenses by anyone other than our board of directors and audit committee,
which includes persons who may seek reimbursement, or a court of competent jurisdiction if such reimbursement is challenged. 

42 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth as of March 28,
2023 the number of shares of common stock beneficially owned by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of more
than five percent of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock (ii) each of our officers and directors; and (iii) all of our officers
and directors as a group. As of March 28, 2023, we had 19,490,000 Class A and 4,872,500 shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the
table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. The following table
does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, as the warrants
are not exercisable within 60 days of March 28, 2023. 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate 
 Percentage of Outstanding Common Stock 
 
 Directors and Officers (1)(2) 

Kevin Charlton (3) 
 2,297,374 
 10.54 
 
 Charles Goldman (3) 
 2,297,374 
 10.54 
 
 Charlie Baynes-Reid (3) 
 2,297,374 
 10.54 
 
 Adam Deutsch 
 2,052,374 
 9.95 
 
 Samy Hammad 
 67,500 

Thomas J.
 Sullivan 
 50,000 

Kathleen
 Harris 
 40,000 

Brian Mathis 
 35,000 

Neil Glat 
 35,000 

Suzy Taherian 
 32,500 

Alicia Moy 
 32,500 

Mark Cirilli 
 32,500 

All directors
 and executive officers as a group (11 individuals) 
 3,112,374 
 13.77 
 
 Greater
 than 5 Holders 

NewHold Industrial Technology
 Holdings LLC II (3) 
 2,052,374 
 9.53 
 
 UBS O Connor LLC (4) 
 1,732,500 
 8.89 
 
 Magnetar Financial LLC (5) 
 1,548,574 
 7.95 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners
 Inc. (6) 
 1,732,081 
 8.89 
 
 Sandia Investment Management
 L.P. (7) 
 1,732,500 
 8.90 
 
 RiverNorth Capital Management,
 LLC (8) 
 1,732,500 
 8.89 
 
 Radcliffe Capital Management,
 L.P. (9) 
 1,000,000 
 5.13 

Less
 than one percent. 

(1) Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is
 12141 Wickchester Lane, Suite 325, Houston, TX 77079. 

(2) These
 shares represent the founder shares held by our directors and officers. 

(3) Based
 on a Schedule 13G filed on February 14, 2022. NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings LLC
 II, our sponsor, is controlled by NewHold Enterprises. Investment and voting decisions for
 NewHold Enterprises are made by Kevin Charlton, Charles Goldman, Charlie Baynes-Reid and
 Adam Deutsch. Shares beneficially owned by each of Kevin Charlton, Charles Goldman, Charlie
 Baynes-Reid and Adam Deutsch include the shares owned by our sponsor. Each of Kevin Charlton,
 Charles Goldman, Charlie Baynes-Reid and Adam Deutsch disclaims any pecuniary interest in
 such shares except to the extent of their beneficial interest in NewHold Enterprises. The
 address of the holder is 12141 Wickchester Lane, Suite 325, Houston, TX, 77079. 

(4) Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 13, 2023. The address of the holder is One North Wacker
 Drive, 31st Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60606. 

(5) Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 2, 2023. The address of the holder is 1603 Orrington
 Avenue, 13th Floor, Evanston, Illinois 60201. 

(6) Based
 on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 10, 2023. The address of the holder is 16 York Street,
 Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(7) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed
 on February 4, 2022. The address of the holder is 201 Washington Street, Boston, MA 02108. 
 
 (8) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G filed
 on February 14, 2023. The address of the holder 360 S. Rosemary Avenue, Ste. 1420, West Palm Beach, Florida 33401. 
 
 (9) 
 Based on a Schedule 13G/A
 filed on February 16, 2023. The address of the holder 50 Monument Road, Suite 300, Bala Cynwyd, PA 19004. 

Our
initial stockholders (including the anchor investors) beneficially own 20 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (not
including any units purchased in our IPO). Because of this ownership block, our initial stockholders may be able to effectively influence
the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including the election of directors, amendments to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions, including approval of our initial business
combination. 

43 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

In
February 2021, we issued an aggregate of 5,031,250 founder shares to our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash,
or approximately 0.005 per share. Our sponsor subsequently forfeited 1,635,126 founder shares and the anchor investors purchased 1,635,126
founder shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent
20 of the outstanding shares upon completion of our IPO. The founder shares (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. 

On
October 25, 2021, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement with our sponsor and the anchor investors
of 8,657,705 private warrants at a price of 1.00 per private warrant, generating gross proceeds of 8,657,705. On October 29, 2021,
we consummated the sale of an additional 597,000 private warrants in connection with the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment
option, generating gross proceeds of 597,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the Warrants sold in the IPO, except that the Private
Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such Private Warrants may not be transferred, assigned, or
sold (except in limited circumstances) until the date that is 30 days after the date the Company completes its initial business combination. 

We
entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of
working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of
the founder shares. 

As
more fully discussed in the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Management - Conflicts of Interest, if
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business
of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or
contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such other entity. Our officers and directors currently have
certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

Commencing
on October 20, 2021, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 25,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial
and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees. 

Other
than the foregoing, no compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect
of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor or officers, prior
to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection
with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their
affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement
of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

Unlike
some anchor investor arrangements of other blank check companies, the anchor investors are not required to (and there can be no assurance
that they will) (i) hold any units, Class A common stock or warrants they purchased in our IPO or thereafter for any amount of time,
(ii) vote any public shares they own at the applicable time in favor of our initial business combination or (iii) refrain from exercising
their right to redeem any public shares they hold at the time of our initial business combination. 

44 

In
order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business
combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion
of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used
for such repayment. Up to 100,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the
lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise
period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with
respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not
believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our
trust account. 

On
December 24, 2022, the Sponsor entered into an Excise Tax Backstop Agreement (the Backstop Agreement pursuant to which
the backstop party (the Backstop Party committed to fund up to 1.0 million of any excise tax liability (the Backstop
Commitment in the event that the Company liquidates without completing a business combination and is subject to the 1 excise
tax on stock repurchases under Section 4501 of the Internal Revenue Code, as enacted by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. In accordance
with the terms of the Backstop Agreement, at the closing of the Company s initial business combination, the Sponsor shall transfer
to the Backstop Party an aggregate of 500,000 shares of the Company s Class B common stock held by the Sponsor as consideration
for the Backstop Commitment. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director
compensation. 

Related
Party Policy 

At
the time of our IPO we had not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly,
the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics which requires us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions
approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under
our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness
or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. 

In
addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter that we have adopted, is responsible for reviewing and approving related
party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit
committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority
of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the
members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. We also require each of our directors and executive
officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These
procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a
conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. 

45 

To
further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated
with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from independent
investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect
of any payment of a loan or other compensation will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our sponsor
or officers, for services rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made
to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of our IPO held in the
trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Payment
 to an affiliate of our sponsor of 25,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space,
 utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

Reimbursement
 for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial
 business combination; and 

Repayment
 of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our
 officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial
 business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements
 been executed with respect thereto. Up to 100,000 of such loans may be convertible into
 warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. 

Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. For a description of the director independence, see
above Part III, Item 10 - Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Public
Accounting Fees 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, the firm of Withum Smith+Brown PC, has acted as our principal independent registered public accounting
firm. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Withum Smith+Brown, PC for services rendered. 

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum
Smith+Brown, PC in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum Smith+Brown, PC for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods,
and other required filings with the SEC in the amount of 77,185 and 89,095 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended
December 31, 2021, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee
meetings. 

Audit-Related Fees . We paid Withum Smith+Brown,
PC 7,800 and 0 for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for
the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. 

Tax
Fees . We did not pay Withum Smith+Brown, PC for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year
ended December 31, 2021. 

All
Other Fees . We did not pay Withum Smith+Brown, PC for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended
December 31, 2021. 

Pre-Approval
of Services 

Since
our audit committee had not yet been formed when the work commenced in 2021, the audit committee was not able to pre-approve all of the
foregoing services, although all such services were approved by our board of directors. All services subsequent to the formation of the
audit committee have been approved by the audit committee, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis
 exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion
of the audit). 

46 

part
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The
 following are filed with this report: 

(1) 
 The financial statements listed on the Financial Statements 
 Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Not applicable 

(b) Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed with this report. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be obtained from the SEC s
website at sec.gov. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated By Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant
 on October 26, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 4, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October
 4, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 4, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed by the Registrant on March 24, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, among the Registrant and its officers and directors and NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings
 LLC II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26,
 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and among the Company and each of the anchor investors of the Company party thereto (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated March 15, 2021, issued to NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings LLC II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed
 with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 4, 2021). 

47 

10.4 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders of the Company (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Registrant and NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings LLC II (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 4, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Administrative
 Support Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and NewHold Enterprises (Management) LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Indemnity
 Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Subscription Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of UBS O Connor LLC and Magnetar Financial
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of UBS O Connor LLC, Magnetar Financial
 LLC, and Kepos Capital LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant
 on October 26, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of certain anchor investors of the Company
 named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October
 26, 2021). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP. II 

Dated: March 28, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin Charlton 

Name: 
 Kevin Charlton 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1933, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on
the dates indicated. 

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Kevin
 Charlton 
 
 Chief Executive Officer

March 28, 2023 
 
 Kevin Charlton 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer)

/s/ Samy Hammad 
 
 Chief Financial Officer

March 28, 2023 
 
 Samy Hammad 
 
 (Principal Accounting and
 Financial Officer) 

/s/ Thomas
 J. Sullivan 
 
 Chairman and Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Thomas J. Sullivan 

/s/ Charles Goldman 
 
 Vice Chairman and Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Charles Goldman 

/s/ Kathleen
 Harris 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Kathleen Harris 

/s/ Brian
 Mathis 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Brian Mathis 

/s/ Neil Glat 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Neil Glat 

/s/ Suzy Taherian 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Suzy Taherian 

/s/ Alicia
 Moy 
 
 Director 
 
 March 28, 2023 
 
 Alicia Moy 

49 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed
 by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

3.3 
 
 Amended
 and Restated By Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant
 on October 26, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen
 Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 4, 2021). 

4.2 
 
 Specimen
 Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October
 4, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen
 Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 4, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Warrant
 Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed by the Registrant on March 24, 2022). 

10.1 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, among the Registrant and its officers and directors and NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings
 LLC II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26,
 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Letter
 Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and among the Company and each of the anchor investors of the Company party thereto (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Promissory
 Note, dated March 15, 2021, issued to NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings LLC II (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed
 with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 4, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Investment
 Management Trust Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company
 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.5 
 
 Registration
 Rights Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and among the Company and certain security holders of the Company (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

50 

10.6 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated February 25, 2021, between the Registrant and NewHold Industrial Technology Holdings LLC II (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Form S-1/A filed by the Registrant on October 4, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Administrative
 Support Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and NewHold Enterprises (Management) LLC (incorporated by reference
 to Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Indemnity
 Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated
 by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Subscription Agreement, dated October 20, 2021, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of UBS O Connor LLC and Magnetar Financial
 LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 26, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of UBS O Connor LLC, Magnetar Financial
 LLC, and Kepos Capital LP (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant
 on October 26, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Subscription
 Agreement, dated as of October 20, 2021, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and each of certain anchor investors of the Company
 named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October
 26, 2021). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 InlineXBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

51 

NEWHOLD
INVESTMENT CORP. II 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of
 Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to
 December 31, 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors
of 

NewHold Investment Corp II 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of NewHold Investment Corp II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of
operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from
February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the
Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022
and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 to the financial statements, if the Company
is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by April 25, 2023 then the Company
will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are
also described in Note 2. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits.
We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and
are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules
and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ , PC 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2021. 

, New York 

March 28, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 

F- 2 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP. II 
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Taxes receivable 
 
 -

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash and investments held in Trust 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES ,
 class A common stock subject to possible redemption AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and taxes 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities Deferred underwriting compensation 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Class A common shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares issues and outstanding (at and per share redemption value at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Stockholder s deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, none issued or outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, no non redeemable shares issued and outstanding 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities, class A common stock
 subject to possible redemption and stockholders deficit 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 3 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP. II 
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 

General and administrative expenses 

Net loss from operations 

Interest income on Trust Account 

Income (loss) before income tax 

Income tax provision 
 
 -

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average Class A common shares outstanding basic and diluted

Net income (loss) per Class A common share basic and diluted

Weighted average
Class B common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

Net income (loss) per Class A common share basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 4 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP. II 
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT 

For the year ended December 31, 2022: 

Class B Common Stock(1) 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2021 

Accretion in value of Class A common shares subject to possible
 redemption 

Net income 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December
31, 2021: 

Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances, February 25, 2021 (inception) 

Sale of Class B common stock to Sponsor at approximately per share 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants at per warrant 

Fair value in excess of cost of shares forfeited by Sponsor and purchased by Anchor investors 

Forfeiture to the Company of shares of Class B common shares upon underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment option 

Fair value of Public Warrants at Issuance 

Accretion for Class A common shares subject to possible
 redemption value 

Net loss attributable to common shares 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 5 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP. II 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Interest income on Trust account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Decrease (increase) in prepaid expenses 

(Increase) in taxes receivable 

Decrease (increase) in accounts payable 

Increase (decrease) in accrued liabilities and taxes 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 

Withdrawal of interest from Trust Account 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Proceeds from Note Payable to Sponsor 

Proceeds from sale of Units to the Public 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Payment of underwriting discounts 

Payment of offering costs 

Payment of note payable to Sponsor 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

(Decrease) increase in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities: 

Deferred underwriters compensation 

Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Fair value of founder shares issued over cost to Anchor Investors 

Supplemental information: 

Cash paid for taxes 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 

F- 6 

NEWHOLD INVESTMENT CORP. II 
Notes to Financial Statements 

Public Offering (Note 3) and a private placement (Note 4), including the partial
exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. Upon the closing of the Public Offering and the private placement, 
was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account ). 

F- 7 

of the balance
in the Trust Account (less deferred underwriting commissions and any taxes payable on interest earned) at the time of signing a definitive
agreement in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to
successfully effect a Business Combination. 

upon consummation of a Business Combination. In
such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its public shares and the related Business Combination, and instead may
search for an alternate Business Combination 

The initial stockholders have entered into letter agreements with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights
to participate in any redemption with respect to their initial shares; however, if the initial stockholders or any of the Company s
officers, directors or affiliates acquire shares of Class A common stock in or after the Public Offering, they will be entitled to
a pro rata share of the Trust Account upon the Company s redemption or liquidation in the event the Company does not complete a
Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Public Offering, until April 25, 2023 (or 24 months from the closing of
the Public Offering if the Company has filed a proxy statement, registration statement or similar filing for an initial business combination
but has not completed the initial business combination within such 18-month period). 

F- 8 

in cash and approximately 
in working capital and management has determined that the Company s current liquidity is sufficient to fund the working capital
needs of the Company until one year from the date of issuance of these financial statements. However, if the Company cannot complete a
Business Combination prior to April 25, 2023 (or October 25, 2023 if certain conditions are met), it could be forced to wind up its operations
and liquidate unless it receives an extension approval from its shareholders. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. The
Company s plan to deal with this uncertainty is to complete a Business Combination prior to April 25, 2023 or seek an extension
approval from its shareholders. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful
or successful within the Combination Period. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome
of this uncertainty. 

F- 9 

Class A common shares in the calculation
of diluted income (loss) per share, since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted
income (loss) per common share is the same as basic income (loss) per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share

F- 10 

. Any loss incurred or lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results
of operations and cash flow. 

including Company costs of
approximately together with of underwriters discount and approximately in fair value over
cost of Sponsor shares forfeited and purchased by anchor investors in connection with their investment in the Company. Such costs
have been allocated to the redeemable Class A common stock subject to possible redemption issued upon completion of the Public
Offering and additional paid in capital. None of the Public Warrants or Private Placement Warrants are classified as liabilities and
so there is no charge to operations for costs related to their issuance. 

F- 11 

shares of Class A
common stock sold as part of a Unit in the Public Offering discussed in Note 3 contain a redemption feature which allows for the
redemption of common shares under the Company s liquidation or tender offer/stockholder approval provisions. In accordance
with FASB ASC 480, redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside
of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity
instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480. Although the Company did not specify a maximum redemption threshold,
its articles of association provide that in no event will it redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible
assets (tangible assets less intangible assets and liabilities) to be less than . However, because all of the shares of
Class A common stock are redeemable, all of the shares will be recorded as Class A common stock subject to possible redemption on
the Company s balance sheets. 

Public Shares were classified outside of permanent equity. Class A common stock
subject to possible redemption consist of: 

Less: Offering costs allocated to Class A shares subject to redemption 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Plus: Accretion of carrying value to redemption value at public offering 

Class A common shares subject to possible at the date of the Public Offering and at December 31, 2021 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value subsequent
 at public offering 

Class A common shares subject to possible redemption at December 31,
 2022 

representing the tax on interest income after deducting franchise taxes. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to
December 31, 2021 taxable interest income was fully offset by franchise tases and therefore there was no income tax. The Company s
effective tax rate for the ended December 31, 2022 was approximately due to the use of net operating losses, start-up costs (discussed
above) which are not currently deductible and business combination costs which may not be deductible. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had deferred tax assets of approximately and ,
respectively, primarily related to start-up costs. Management has determined that a full valuation allowance of the deferred tax asset
is appropriate at this time. 

F- 12 

of the per Unit price to the underwriters, an aggregate fee of , at the closings of the Public Offering with an additional fee
(the Deferred Discount of including the underwriters over-allotment option exercise) of the gross
offering proceeds payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. The Deferred Discount will become payable to the
underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its initial Business Combination. 

of units in the Public Offering, the full amount required for them not to forfeit any of their Founder Shares purchased. 

has been determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting
Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the Public Shares and Public Warrants (being accounted for as equity
instruments) and was charged to the carrying value of the Class A Common Stock upon the completion of the Public Offering. 

F- 13 

shares of Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for , or approximately per share (up to of
which were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full by
the underwriters ). The Founder Shares are identical to the Class A common stock included in the Units being sold in the Public
Offering. The forfeiture would be adjusted to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters so
that the initial stockholders will own of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock after the Public Offering.
In connection with the Public Offering Founder Shares were forfeited in December in connection with the underwriters partial
exercise of their over-allotment option. See also Notes 3 and 5. 

per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s
initial Business Combination or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, stock exchange or other similar
transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange
their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Founder Shares and the anchor investors purchased Founder Shares in connection with the Public Offering and the anchor investors
investment. 

was determined to be an offering cost in accordance with Staff Accounting
Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, offering costs allocated to the Public Shares and Public Warrants (being accounted for as equity instruments)
were charged to temporary equity and additional paid in capital upon the completion of the Public Offering. The fair value of the Founder
Shares was determined based upon 18 months to acquisition, discount rate, probability of acquisition, discount for lack
of marketability and results in a per share fair value of . 

warrants at a price of per warrant, a purchase price of including the underwriter s partial
exercise of their overallotment option, in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the Public Offering
(the Private Placement Warrants ). Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A
common stock at per share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants will be added to the proceeds from
the Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account pending completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. The Private
Placement Warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable,
assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Otherwise, the Private Placement Warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the Warrants being sold as part of the Units in the Public Offering and have
no net cash settlement provisions. 

F- 14 

by drawdowns against the issuance of an unsecured promissory note (the Note to cover expenses
related to the Public Offering. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable promptly after the earlier of the date on which the Company
consummates the Public Offering and the date on which the Company determines not to conduct the Public Offering. As of the date of the
Public Offering, the Sponsor had loaned to the Company under the Note and on October 25, 2021, the Note was repaid in full upon
the consummation of the Public Offering and there is no further availability to borrow under the Note. 

of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of per warrant, at the option of
the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no such loans had been
made to the Company. 

a month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support to the Sponsor. Services commenced on the date
the securities were first listed on The Nasdaq Global Market and will terminate upon the earlier of the consummation by the Company of
an initial Business Combination or the liquidation of the Company. The Company paid and charged to operations approximately and
 , respectively for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021
for these services and there were no amounts unpaid at those dates. 

was deposited into the Trust Account. The proceeds in the Trust Account may be invested in
either U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule
2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and that invest solely in U.S. government treasury obligations. 

F- 15 

from the Trust Account
to pay taxes and approximately for working capital. For the period from February 25, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, the
Company did not withdraw and any funds from the Trust Account. 

shares of common stock, including shares of Class A common stock, par value, and 
shares of Class B common stock par value . Upon completion of the Public Offering, the Company may (depending on the terms
of the Business Combination) be required to increase the authorized number of shares at the same time as its stockholders vote on the
Business Combination to the extent the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with its Business Combination. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class B common
stock issued and outstanding and no shares of Class A common stock issued or outstanding. 

F- 16 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding (an aggregate of warrants to purchase Class A common shares). 

per share. Only whole Warrants may be exercised. Warrants
may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole
Warrants will trade. The Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and
(b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current
prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or
blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis
under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than
30 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file
with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants,
and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing
of the initial Business Combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement. 

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire five years after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
or liquidation. In addition, if the Company issues additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital
raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less
than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the
Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial stockholders or their affiliates, without taking
into account any Founder Shares held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), the exercise
price of the Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants (as defined below) will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 
of the newly issued price. 

F- 17 

shares of preferred stock, par value with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may
be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were no shares of preferred
stock issued or outstanding. 

excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations, among others.
The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of
the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes
of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against
the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The
IR Act applies to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

F- 18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex31-1_newhold2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under
the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Kevin Charlton, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of NewHold Investment Corp. II for the period ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) [omitted pursuant to the transition
period exemption for newly public companies.] 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: 
 Kevin Charlton 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-2_newhold2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(e) under
the 

 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

 (Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

I, Samy Hammad, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of NewHold Investment Corp. II for the period ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) [omitted pursuant to the transition
period exemption for newly public companies.] 

c) evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) all significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Samy Hammad 

Name: 
 Samy Hammad 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex32-1_newhold2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of NewHold Investment Corp. II (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Kevin Charlton, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Kevin Charlton 

Name: 
 Kevin Charlton 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-2_newhold2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of NewHold Investment Corp. II (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the Report ), I, Samy Hammad, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350,
as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly
presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 28, 2023 
 /s/ Samy Hammad 

Name: 
 Samy Hammad 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 nhic-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 nhic-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 nhic-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 nhic-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 nhic-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

