<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1648960_0001213900-23-025416.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5283057</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>249571</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1100711</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1105346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1480420</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1226430</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025416.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331160105
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025416
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		66
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DatChat, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001648960
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	TELEGRAPH & OTHER MESSAGE COMMUNICATIONS [4822]
		IRS NUMBER:				472502264
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40729
		FILM NUMBER:		23787356

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		204 NIELSON STREET
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08901
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-374-3529

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		204 NIELSON STREET
		STREET 2:		1ST FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW BRUNSWICK
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08901

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Dat Chat, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150722

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025416.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_datchatinc.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______ to ______ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in charter) 

(State or jurisdiction of 
Incorporation or organization) I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No. 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered The Stock Market LLC Series A Warrants, each warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 4.98 DATSW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth
company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filter Accelerated filter Non-accelerated filter Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed
second fiscal quarter, was approximately based upon the closing price reported for such date on The Nasdaq Capital Market
as of that date. 

Number of shares of common stock outstanding as
of March 27, 2023 was . 

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table
of Contents 

Part
 I 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 6 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 26 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 26 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 26 

Part
 II 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market
 For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 28 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 35 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 35 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 35 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 35 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 36 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdiction that Prevent Inspections 
 36 

Part
 III 
 
 37 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 37 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 41 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 44 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 46 

Part
 IV 
 
 47 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibit
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 47 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 48 
 
 Signatures 
 
 49 

i 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains certain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ),
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts
and are forward-looking statements. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as believe, 
 will, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, plan and
 would. For example, statements concerning financial condition, possible or assumed future results of operations, growth
opportunities, industry ranking, plans and objectives of management, markets for our common stock and future management and organizational
structure are all forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. They involve known and unknown
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially
from any results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statement. 

Any forward-looking statements are qualified in
their entirety by reference to the risk factors discussed throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the risks, uncertainties
and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to: 

our business strategies; 

the timing of regulatory submissions; 

our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of
our existing product candidates and any other product candidates we may develop, and the labeling under any approval we may obtain; 

risks relating to the timing and costs of clinical trials
and the timing and costs of other expenses; 

risks related to market acceptance of products; 

intellectual property risks; 

risks associated to our reliance on third party organizations; 

our competitive position; 

our industry environment; 

our anticipated financial and operating results, including
anticipated sources of revenues; 

assumptions regarding the size of the available market, benefits
of our products, product pricing and timing of product launches; 

management s expectation with respect to future acquisitions; 

statements regarding our goals, intentions, plans and expectations,
including the introduction of new products and markets; and 

our cash needs and financing plans. 

The foregoing list sets forth some, but not
all, of the factors that could affect our ability to achieve results described in any forward-looking statements. You should read
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents that we reference herein and have filed as exhibits to the Annual Report on Form
10-K, completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. You
should assume that the information appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is accurate as of the date hereof. Because the risk
factors referred to on page 6 of Annual Report on Form 10-K, could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those
expressed in any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf, you should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and except as required by law, we
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the
statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible
for us to predict which factors will arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any
forward-looking statements. We qualify all of the information presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and particularly our
forward-looking statements, by these cautionary statements. 

ii 

RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

Our business is subject to significant risks and
uncertainties that make an investment in us speculative and risky. Below we summarize what we believe are the principal risk factors but
these risks are not the only ones we face, and you should carefully review and consider the full discussion of our risk factors in the
section titled Risk Factors, together with the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If any of the following
risks actually occurs (or if any of those listed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K occur), our business, reputation, financial
condition, results of operations, revenue, and future prospects could be seriously harmed. Additional risks and uncertainties that we
are unaware of, or that we currently believe are not material, may also become important factors that adversely affect our business. Further,
any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and except as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which the statement is made or to reflect
the occurrence of unanticipated events. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict which factors will
arise. In addition, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. We qualify all of the information
presented in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and particularly our forward-looking statements, by these cautionary statements. 

Risks Related to our Business and Industry 

We have a limited operating history 

We are dependent on the services of certain key management
personnel, employees and advisors. 

The mobile application industry is subject to rapid technological
change and, to compete, we must continually enhance our application. 

Risks Related to Information Technology Systems,
Intellectual Property and Privacy Laws 

Major network failures could have an adverse effect on our
business. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our proprietary
technology, and our competitors may be able to offer similar products and services which would harm our competitive position. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Series
A Warrants 

The price of our common stock and our Series A Warrants may
fluctuate substantially. 

We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could
divert our management s attention, result in dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect
our operating results. 

We are an emerging growth company and are able
to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our common stock less
attractive to investors. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 

We are a blockchain, cybersecurity, and social
media company that not only focuses on protecting privacy on personal devices, but also protects user information after it is shared with
others. We believe that one s right to privacy should not end the moment they click send , and that we all deserve
the same right to privacy online that we enjoy in our own living rooms. Our flagship product, DatChat Messenger Private Social Network,
is a privacy platform and mobile application that gives users the ability to communicate with the privacy and protection they deserve.
Recently. we have expanded our business and product offerings to include the co-development of a mobile-based social metaverse, known
as The Habytat , as well as the development of VenV , an advertising and non-fungible token NFT monetization platform. 

DatChat Messenger Private Social Network 

Our platform allows users to exercise control
over their messages and posts, even after they are sent. Through our application, users can delete messages that they have sent, on their
own device and the recipient s device as well. There is no set time limit within which they must exercise this choice. A user can
elect at any time to delete a message that they previously sent to a recipient s device. 

The application also enables users to hide secret
and encrypted messages behind a cover, which messages can only be unlocked by the recipient and which are automatically destroyed after
a fixed number of views or fixed amount of time. Users can decide how long their messages last on the recipient s device. The application
also includes a screen shot protection system, which makes it virtually impossible for the recipient to screenshot a message or picture
before it gets destroyed. In addition, users can delete entire conversations at any time, making it like the conversation never even happened. 

In addition to the foregoing, the application
also provides users with the ability to connect via an encrypted live video chat that also is designed to prevent screenshots or screen
grabs. 

The application integrates with iMessage, making
private messages potentially available to hundreds of millions of users. 

The Habytat 

In June 2022, we formed
a wholly owned subsidiary, SmarterVerse, Inc. SmarterVerse ). In July 2022, SmarterVerse entered into a development agreement
with MetaBizz, LLC, an infrastructure firm that creates and develops 4D experiences in the metaverse MetaBizz ). 

In November 2022, we
launched The Habytat, a virtual space that blends real world and virtual realities into one, in real time, using emerging technology like
virtual and augmented reality, to create a highly immersive 3D environment. 

In January 2023, we launched
Geniuz City, the first world within The Habytat. Geniuz City is intended to be a near photo-realistic world that is based on the city
of Miami and its surrounding areas. Geniuz City has been designed in a manner that can enable users to participate in a number of different
activities, such as parties, business conferences, shopping, socializing, and game play. 

- 1 - 

Currently, once users
download The Habytat application, we plan to grant each user rights to use a designated piece of virtual property in Geniuz City through
the minting and issuance of a unique NFT. NFTs (or non-fungible tokens) are digital assets that can represent a unique real-world asset,
such as art, music, in-game items, videos, or a piece of real estate or virtual property. Users will initially be able to choose the
style of house they want, then start customizing it to represent their personal style and taste. Users will then be able to accumulate
reward points when they visit and interact with such virtual property or invite others to join The Habytat, and such rewards can be used
to enhance, expand, and improve the virtual property. 

In addition, we plan to offer users the ability
to have their own pets in the Habytat, which they will need to care for and can train to follow basic obedience commands. Finally, as
described below, we plan to integrate our VenV , platform and VenV , dynamic NFTs (collectively, VenV , into The Habytat, and that such integration will enable us and users to generate advertising-based revenues in The Habytat. 

VenV 

We are currently developing VenV ,
an advertising and NFT monetization platform. VenV is based upon a proprietary metaverse ad network and dynamic NFT technology
which we believe will allow advertisers and landowners to connect in the metaverse. Management believes that metaverse advertising parallels
reality,.and that VenV can be considered as a parallel to billboards in the real world or Google Ads within
the internet. Through the integration of VenV , which advertises in a way similar to a billboard or video screen, we plan
to enable users of The Habytat opportunities to monetize their virtual property rights by directly displaying approved advertisements
on their virtual property. While we currently plan to launch VenVuu in the Habytat, it may also by interoperable within other metaverses
in the future We believe that these features can potentially provide brands with the ability to run campaigns that target the land parcels
they want to reach, simultaneously across multiple metaverses. 

Competition 

DatChat Messenger Private Social Network 

The current market for mobile messenger applications
is highly competitive, and we expect that it will remain competitive. There are currently several large companies that provide mobile
messenger applications and we expect several more competitors to enter into this market in the next few years. Well-established competitors
include Snapchat, WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Facebook, Telegram, MeWe, Confide and Apple iMessage. We believe that it is the range
of privacy and security features that we offer that sets us apart from our competitors. 

Our flagship applications are the DatChat Privacy
Platform and Private Encrypted Social Network, which address the needs of consumers and businesses to communicate with increased levels
of privacy and control over messages and social posts, even after they are sent or shared. In addition, we are developing a blockchain-based,
decentralized communications platform that is being designed to allow consumers and businesses to connect directly with each other. 

Observing that mobile messaging and social media
users are drawn to several different messaging platforms by specific capabilities, we set out to create the application to consolidate
popular messaging and social media features such as group chats, emoticons and video sharing, offer new and unique features such as being
able to nuke a conversation to remove all traces of it from all parties involved, and deliver increased levels of privacy
and security. As public concerns over privacy in an ever-expanding digital society grow, the application offers comfort to its users with
extensive control over their messages and posts, even after they are sent or shared. The application allows users to not only control
how long or how many times a message or post may be viewed by the recipient, but also allows the sender to erase the message or entire
conversation after it is sent. Our goal is to make the application a leader in the mobile secure messaging and social media market based
upon our proprietary technology and enhanced privacy and security features. We intend to roll out additional features including video
chat, attachments, unique social posts and other features to enhance the messaging and social media experience. 

- 2 - 

Software and Development 

DatChat Messenger Private Social Network 

Our ability to compete depends in large part on
our continuous commitment to research and development, our ability to rapidly introduce new features and functionality and our ability
to improve proven applications for established markets in which we have competitive advantages. We intend to work closely with our customers
to continuously enhance the performance, functionality, usability, reliability and flexibility of the application. 

Our software and development team is responsible
for the design enhancements, development, testing and certification of the application. In addition, we may, in the future, utilize third
parties for our automated testing, managed upgrades, software development and other technology services. We are also developing video
messages and video messages containing hidden messages embedded in the video stream. We anticipate that the video messaging currently
under development will allow users to change the number of views allowed or destruct the message after being sent, in addition to setting
the message to auto-self-destruct. We are also in the process of developing a private and encrypted social wall/network. 

The Habytat and VenV 

Our software and development is led by our Head
of Business Development, Gianfranco Lopane and SmaterVerse s Chief Innovation Officer, Rene J. Palacio Mongui, Chief Technology
Officer, Mark Mathis, and Chief Operating Officer, Ingrith Gartner Salazar. The software and development team is responsible for the engineering,
development, design, integration and testing of The Habytat metaverse and the VenV dynamic content NFT technology. 

Marketing and Monetization 

DatChat Messenger Private Social Network 

The application is currently offered for
free on Apple s App Store and Google Play. Initial marketing is expected to consist of public relations, cost-per-install 
campaigns, social media marketing using the Facebook s ad platform and other readily available advertising platforms. 

We anticipate utilizing social influencers and
additional public relations strategies to promote the application on a global basis, which also includes making the application available
for use in other languages. 

We also plan to add in-app purchases such as user
customization features, unique emoticons, stickers and long form video messages to monetize the application. 

We anticipate monetizing the application with
a subscription-based service for small and medium size businesses. In the future, we may develop other mobile applications and services
for consumers once our user base reaches a level at which we deem it to be economically feasible. No assurance can be given that we will
successfully develop new or future applications that will be embraced by users or generate revenue. 

The Habytat and VenV 

We have entered into strategic alliances with
House of Kibba s Project Origin metaverse, Yakushima Corp. s Yakuverse, AVTR Studios Taipei s metaverse, and ZOAN s Cornerstone.land
metaverse to integrate the VenV NFT monetization platform and The Habytat. We anticipate that each strategic alliance will
mutually benefit from the cross-promotion of each other s platforms and products. Additionally, MetaBizz will contribute over twenty engineers
and designers based in both North and South America. 

- 3 - 

Intellectual Property Portfolio 

DatChat Messenger Private Social Network 

We strive to protect and enhance the proprietary
technology and inventions that are commercially important to our business, including seeking, maintaining and defending patent rights.
Our policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position through a combination of intellectual property rights in the United States,
including patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secret laws and internal procedures. Our commercial success will depend in part on our
ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. 

As of March 27, 2023, we had 7 issued patents,
0 notices of allowance and 0 filed patent applications in the United States relating to our encryption technologies and blockchain platform.
Our issued patents will expire in 2036. In addition, we plan to continue expanding and strengthening our IP portfolio with additional
patent applications in the future. We may not be able to obtain protection for our intellectual property, and our existing and future
patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights may not provide us with competitive advantages or distinguish our products
and services from those of our competitors. Our pending patent application and future applications may not result in the issuance of patents,
and any resulting issued patents may have claims narrower than those in our patent applications. Additionally, our current and future
patents, trademarks, and other intellectual property rights may be contested, circumvented, or found unenforceable or invalid, and we
may not be able to prevent third parties from infringing them. Our internal controls may not always be effective at preventing unauthorized
parties from obtaining our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. 

Other companies that own patents, copyrights,
trademarks, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights related to the mobile, encryption, blockchain, communication, privacy,
internet, and other technology-related industries frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation,
and other violations of intellectual property or other rights. Third parties, including our competitors, may make claims from time to
time that we have infringed their patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, or other intellectual property rights. As our business
grows and competition rises, the risk of facing claims related to intellectual property and litigation matters will likely increase. 

Our Privacy Policy 

Privacy and security are the foundations of our
Company. We recognize that this is why users are drawn to the application and that our users care deeply about how their personal information
is collected, used and shared. When you read our Privacy Policy, we hope that you notice that it has been written to advance our core
principles and protect the integrity of the application. 

When users sign up for the application, they are
required to provide us with certain personal information such as their name, email address and phone number. We take commercially reasonable
and appropriate measures to protect this personal information from accidental loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration,
or destruction, taking into account the risks involved in processing and the nature of such data, and comply with applicable laws and
regulations. We do not currently transfer any personal information to third-parties that do not act on our behalf, and we will not do
so without users opt-in consent. Similarly, we do not currently collect sensitive personal information from users without opt-in
consent. We may disclose personal information to certain types of third-party companies, but only to the extent needed to enable them
to provide such services. The types of companies that may receive personal information and their functions are: marketing assistance,
analytics and reporting, customer support, email and SMS delivery, cloud infrastructure, and systems monitoring. All such third parties
function as our agents, performing services at our instruction and on our behalf pursuant to contracts which require them to provide at
least the same level of privacy protection as is required by our Privacy Policy. In addition, we may be required to disclose personal
information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including for the purpose of meeting national security or law enforcement
requirements. We may also disclose personal information to other third parties when compelled to do so by government authorities or required
by law or regulation including, but not limited to, in response to court orders and subpoenas. 

- 4 - 

With respect to retention of personal information,
we may only retain such users personal information in a form that identifies them only for as long as it serves the purpose(s)
for which it was initially collected as stated in our Privacy Policy, or subsequently authorized. We may continue processing users 
personal information for longer periods, but only for the time and to the extent such processing reasonably serves the purposes of statistical
analysis, and subject to the protection of our Privacy Policy. After such time periods have expired, we may either delete the personal
information or retain it in a form such that it does not identify the user personally. 

Most importantly, when users send an encrypted
message through the application, we may only temporarily process and store the message in its encrypted form. We do not (and cannot) read
our users encrypted messages and we delete our users messages as soon as they have been successfully self-destructed or
deleted. Our end-to-end encryption ensures that we will never have access to the contents of our users messages. Moreover, we recognize
the privacy rights of our users and are committed to complying with data protection laws to the extent they apply to us, and to assist
our users in exercising their rights under applicable law. For example, users may exercise their rights pursuant to the EU General Data
Protection Regulation GDPR or Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, simply by submitting a request via email to
privacy@DatChat.com. 

Employees 

As of March 27, 2023, we have a total of 15 full-time
employees and 1 consultant. We are not a party to any collective bargaining agreements. We believe that we maintain good relations with
our employees. 

Our Corporate Information 

DatChat, Inc. was initially incorporated in Nevada
on December 4, 2014 under the name YssUp, Inc. On March 4, 2015, an amendment to our articles of incorporation was filed with the Nevada
Secretary of State, changing YssUp, Inc. s name to DatChat, Inc. On September 22, 2016, amended and restated articles
of incorporation were filed with the Nevada Secretary of State in order to, among other things, authorize the Company to issue preferred
stock. 

Available Information 

Our website address is www.datchat.com. The
contents of, or information accessible through, our website are not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our website address is
included in this document as an inactive textual reference only. We make our filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), including our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments
to those reports, available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file such reports with, or furnish
such reports to, the SEC. The public may read and copy the materials we file with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at
100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the
SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Additionally, the SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other
information. The address of the SEC s website is www.sec.gov. The information contained in the SEC s website is not intended
to be a part of this filing. 

- 5 - 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock involves
a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information in this Annual Report on Form
10-K before investing in our common stock. Our business and results of operations could be seriously harmed by any of the following risks.
The risks set out below are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently
deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. If any of the following
events occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the value
and trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. 

Risks Related to our Business and Industry 

We have a limited operating history and
have not yet generated any revenues. 

Our limited operating history makes evaluating
the business and future prospects difficult, and may increase the risk of your investment. We were incorporated in 2014, and since then
there have been a limited amount of downloads of the application. To date, we have minimal revenues. As reflected in the accompanying
consolidated financial statements, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred a net loss of 12,138,572 and 10,829,034,
respectively. Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we used cash in operations of 7,258,765 and 8,454,504, respectively.
As of December 31, 2022, we has an accumulated deficit of 39,729,118. We intend, in the long term, to derive revenues from advertisement
sales, technology licensing, and other forms of revenue. The application is available for download on certain mobile platforms and we
are developing compatibility on with other platforms. We also continue to develop and refine functions of the application. 

We have not developed a strong customer
base, and we have not generated sustainable revenue since inception. We cannot assure you that we ever will. We will incur significant
losses in launching products and we may not realize sufficient subscriptions or profits in order to sustain our business. 

We have not yet developed a strong customer base
and we have not generated sustainable revenue since inception. We are subject to the substantial risk of failure facing businesses seeking
to develop and commercialize new products and technologies. Maintaining and improving our platform will require significant capital. We
will also incur substantial accounting, legal and other overhead costs as a public company. If our offerings to customers are unsuccessful,
result in insufficient revenue or result in us not being able to sustain revenue, we will be forced to reduce expenses, which may result
in an inability to gain new customers. 

We may fail to develop new products, or
may incur unexpected expenses or delays. 

Although the application is currently available
for download, we may need to develop various new technologies, products and product features to remain competitive. Due to the risks inherent
in developing new products and technologies limited financing, loss of key personnel, and other factors we may fail to
develop these technologies and products, or may experience lengthy and costly delays in doing so. Although we are able to license some
of our technologies in their current stage of development, we cannot assure that we will be able to develop new products or enhancements
to our existing products in order to remain competitive. 

We are dependent on the services of certain
key management personnel, employees, and advisors. If we are unable to retain or motivate such individuals or hire qualified personnel,
we may not be able to grow effectively. 

We depend on the services of a number of key management
personnel, employees, and advisors and our future performance will largely depend on the talents and efforts of such individuals. We do
not currently maintain key person life insurance on any of our employees. The loss of one or more of such key individuals,
or failure to find a suitable successor, could hamper our efforts to successfully operate our business and achieve our business objectives.
Our future success will also depend on our ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition
in our industry for qualified employees is intense, and our compensation arrangements may not always be successful in attracting new employees
and/or retaining and motivating our existing employees. Future acquisitions by us may also cause uncertainty among our current employees
and employees of the acquired entity, which could lead to the departure of key individuals. Such departures could have an adverse impact
on the anticipated benefits of an acquisition. 

We may face intense competition and expect
competition to increase in the future, which could prohibit us from developing a customer base and generating revenue. 

We are focused on the mobile application industry,
specifically the mobile messaging market, which is already saturated with established companies. Many of these companies, including Apple
Inc., Alphabet Inc., Facebook, Inc., and Snap Inc., already have an established market in our industry. Most of these companies have significantly
greater financial and other resources than us and have been developing their products and services longer than we have been developing
ours. 

- 6 - 

The application is based on new and unproven
technologies and is subject to the risks of failure inherent in the development of new products and services. 

Because the application is based on certain new
technologies, it is subject to risks of failure that are particular to new technologies, including the possibility that: 

the application may not gain market acceptance; 

proprietary rights of third parties may preclude us from
marketing a new product or service; 

the application may not receive the exposure required to
obtain new users; or 

third parties may market superior products or services. 

If we are unable to maintain a good relationship
with the markets where the application is distributed, our business will suffer. 

The Apple App Store is the primary distribution,
marketing, promotion and payment platform for the application. Any deterioration in our relationship with Apple or any application market
place we utilize in the future would harm our business and adversely affect the value of our common stock. 

We are subject to Apple s standard terms
and conditions for application developers, which govern the promotion, distribution and operation of mobile applications on its platform.
Our business would be harmed if: 

Apple discontinues or limits access to its platform by us
and other application developers; 

Apple modifies its terms of service or other policies, including
fees charged to, or other restrictions on, us or other application developers, or Apple changes how the personal information of its users
is made available to application developers on their respective platforms or shared by users; 

Apple establishes more favorable relationships with one or
more of our competitors; 

Apple limits our access to its application marketplace because
our application provides mobile messaging services similar to Apple; or 

Apple makes changes in its operating system or development
platform that are incompatible with our technology. 

We expect to benefit from Apple s strong
brand recognition and large user base. If Apple loses its market position or otherwise falls out of favor with mobile users, we would
need to identify alternative channels for marketing, promoting and distributing our application, which would consume substantial resources
and may not be effective. In addition, Apple has broad discretion to change their terms of service and other policies with respect to
us and other developers, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. Any such changes in the future could significantly alter our users
experience or how interact within our application, which may harm our business. 

In the event that Apple s standard terms
and conditions become prohibitively costly or unduly burdensome, we plan to host our own servers in a co-location facility and create
a web-based, desktop version of the application that does not require users to install the application from the App store. 

- 7 - 

The mobile application industry is subject
to rapid technological change and, to compete, we must continually enhance the application. 

We must continue to enhance and improve the performance,
functionality and reliability of the application. The mobile application industry is characterized by rapid technological change, changes
in user requirements and preferences, frequent new product and services introductions embodying new technologies and the emergence of
new industry standards and practices that could render our product and services obsolete. We have discovered that some of our customers 
desire additional performance and functionality that the application, and the underlying technology, does not currently support. Our success
will depend, in part, on our ability to both internally develop leading technologies to enhance the application, develop new mobile applications
and services that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our customers, and respond to technological advances and
emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis. The development of our technology and other proprietary
technology involves significant technical and business risks. We may fail to use new technologies effectively or to adapt our proprietary
technology and systems to customer requirements or emerging industry standards. If we are unable to adapt to changing market conditions,
customer requirements or emerging industry standards, we may not be able to create revenue and expand our business. 

Defects in the application and the technology
powering it may adversely affect our business. 

Tools, code, subroutines and processes contained
within the application may contain defects not yet discovered or contained in updates and new versions. Our introduction of new mobile
applications or updates and new versions with defects or quality problems may result in adverse publicity, reduced downloads and use,
product redevelopment costs, loss of or delay in market acceptance of our products or claims by customers or others against us. Such problems
or claims may have a material and adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we fail to retain current users or add
new users, or if our users engage less with the application, our business would be seriously harmed. 

Adding, maintaining, and engaging daily monthly
users will be essential to attaining our growth targets and sustaining operations. If current and potential users do not perceive our
products to be effective and useful, we may not be able to attract new users, retain existing users, or maintain or increase the frequency
and duration of their engagement. In addition, our products typically require high bandwidth data capabilities, high-end mobile device
penetration and high bandwidth capacity cellular networks with large coverage areas. We therefore do not expect to experience rapid user
growth or engagement in countries with low smartphone penetration even if such countries have well-established and high bandwidth capacity
cellular networks. We may also not experience rapid user growth or engagement in regions where, even though smartphone penetration is
high, due to the lack of sufficient cellular based data networks, consumers rely heavily on Wi-Fi and may not access our products regularly. 

There are many factors that could negatively affect
user retention, growth, and engagement, including if: 

users increasingly engage with competing products instead
of ours; 

our competitors may mimic our products and therefore harm
our user engagement and growth; 

we fail to introduce new and exciting products and services
or those we introduce are poorly received; 

our products fail to operate effectively on the iOS and Android
mobile operating systems; 

we are unable to continue to develop products that work with
a variety of mobile operating systems, networks, and smartphones; 

we are unable to combat hostile or inappropriate usage on
our products; 

there are changes in user sentiment about the quality or
usefulness of the application; 

there are concerns about the privacy implications, safety,
or security of our products; 

- 8 - 

there are changes in our products that are mandated by legislation,
regulatory authorities, or litigation, including settlements or consent decrees that adversely affect the user experience; 

technical or other problems frustrate the user experience,
particularly if those problems prevent us from delivering our products in a fast and reliable manner; 

we fail to provide adequate service to users; 

we are the subject of adverse media reports or other negative
publicity; and 

we do not maintain our brand image or our reputation is damaged. 

Any decrease to user retention, growth, or engagement
could render our products less attractive to users, advertisers, or partners, and would seriously harm our business. 

There is a risk that the public will not
perceive the privacy protections that we offer to be necessary or useful and therefore would not be interested in our services. 

No matter how effective our products might be
in affording users control over their privacy, the general public may not perceive our products to be necessary or useful. In general,
although people are more aware than in the past of the amount of personal data that is tracked on a daily basis with the advent of social
media and targeted advertising, mere awareness does not necessarily translate into a desire to take affirmative action with respect to
one s privacy. For us, this could mean that the average person might not feel the need to have the ability to delete messages that
they have sent. While we believe that the general public will recognize the value of our products and feel empowered to take control of
their privacy, it is possible that a great number of people have come to believe that their personal information cannot be protected and
that any attempt to do so would be ineffective. As such, regardless of how effective our products might be, there is a risk that the general
public might deem our products to be unnecessary and will not be drawn to download and use the application. 

Users may not want to change the way that
they send messages and therefore would not be interested in our products. 

Our success is dependent in part on users altering
their behavior and changing the way that they send text messages. Although the application is fully integrated with iMessage, the application
requires the user to send the message through a separate text bar, which is located below the ordinary iMessage bar. Even if users have
downloaded the application, it is possible that users will bypass this option when they go to send a text message. In addition, our user
experience may not be received positively, as some users might find it inconvenient to have two text bars appearing on the screen at the
same time when they go to send a text message. The iMessage integration figure does not currently allow a user to remove the iMessage
bar so that only the application s bar appears and it is doubtful that Apple would ever allow such a feature. Moreover, because
both text bars are displayed on the screen at the same time, users may inadvertently send a private message through iMessage that they
intended to send through the application, thereby defeating the data protection and privacy benefits that the application offers. If users
do not adapt to seeing and typing messages with two texts bars displayed, our user retention may suffer. 

The characteristics of the application,
including but not limited to privacy and encryption, may be exploited to facilitate illegal activity; if any of our users do so or are
alleged to have done so, it could adversely affect us and generate negative perception of our products in the marketplace. 

For all of the same reasons that our products
are attractive to the general public, the privacy, data protection and encryption features could appeal to persons and groups engaged
in illegal activities due to the ability of the application to delete messages from a recipient s phone. In this context, the application
may be used to facilitate both illegal activity and the destruction of evidence, which could potentially draw scrutiny from regulators.
In addition, the application could develop a stigma that it is associated with illegal activity and deter certain people from communicating
through the application. 

- 9 - 

Negative publicity could adversely affect
our reputation, our business, and our operating results. 

Negative publicity about our company, including
about the quality and reliability of our products, content shared by users through the application, changes to our products, policies
and services, our privacy and security practices, litigation, regulatory activity, the actions of users on the application, or user experience
with our products, even if inaccurate, could adversely affect our reputation and the confidence in and the use of our product. Such negative
publicity could also have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of our user base and, in turn, adversely affect our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

We expect to derive substantially all of
our revenue from a single product. 

We expect to derive substantially all of our revenue
from the application. As such, the continued growth in market demand for and market acceptance of the application is critical to our continued
success. Demand for the application is affected by a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, such as continued market
acceptance; the timing of development and release of competing new products; consumer preferences; the development and acceptance of new
features, integrations, and capabilities; price or product changes by us or our competitors; technological changes and developments within
the markets we serve; growth, contraction, and rapid evolution of our market; and general economic conditions and trends. If we are unable
to continue to meet demands of our users or trends in preferences or to achieve more widespread market acceptance of the application,
our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be harmed. Changes in preferences of users may have a disproportionately
greater impact on us than if we offered multiple products. In addition, competitors may develop or acquire their own tools or software
and people may continue to rely on traditional tools and software, such as text message and email, which would reduce or eliminate the
demand for the application. If demand declines for any of these or other reasons, our business could be adversely affected. 

The application depends on effectively operating
with mobile operating systems, hardware, networks, regulations, and standards that we do not control. Changes in our products or to those
operating systems, hardware, networks, regulations, or standards may seriously harm our user growth, retention, and engagement. 

Because the application is used primarily on mobile
devices, the application must remain interoperable with popular mobile operating systems, Android and iOS. The owners of such operating
systems, Google and Apple, respectively, each provide consumers with products that compete with ours. We have no control over these operating
systems or hardware, and any changes to these systems or hardware that degrade our products functionality, or give preferential
treatment to competitive products, could seriously harm DatChat usage on mobile devices. Our competitors that control the operating systems
and related hardware the application runs on could make interoperability of our products with those mobile operating systems more difficult
or display their competitive offerings more prominently than ours. When introducing new products, it takes time to optimize such products
to function with these operating systems and hardware, impacting the popularity of such products, and we expect this trend to continue.
Moreover, our products require high-bandwidth data capabilities. If the costs of data usage increase, our user growth, retention, and
engagement may be seriously harmed. 

We may not successfully cultivate relationships
with key industry participants or develop products that operate effectively with these technologies, systems, networks, regulations, or
standards. If it becomes more difficult for our users to access and use the application on their mobile devices, if our users choose not
to access or use the application on their mobile devices, or if our users choose to use mobile products that do not offer access to the
application, our user growth, retention, and engagement could be seriously harmed. 

Moreover, the adoption of any laws or regulations
that adversely affect the popularity or growth in use of the internet or mobile applications, including laws or regulations that undermine
open and neutrally administered internet access, could decrease user demand for the application and increase our cost of doing business.
For example, in December 2017, the Federal Communications Commission adopted an order reversing net neutrality protections in the United
States, including the repeal of specific rules against blocking, throttling or paid prioritization of content or services
by internet service providers. To the extent internet service providers engage in such blocking, throttling or paid prioritization 
of content or similar actions as a result of this order and the adoption of similar laws or regulations, our business, financial condition
and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

- 10 - 

Risks Related to Information Technology Systems, Intellectual Property and Privacy Laws 

We rely on a single third-party provider,
Amazon Web Services AWS ), for computing infrastructure, secure network connectivity, and other technology-related services
needed to deliver our products. Any disruption in the services provided by such third-party provider could adversely affect our business. 

Our products are hosted from, and use computing
infrastructure, secure network connectivity, and other technology-related services provided by AWS. We do not control the operations of
this third-party provider or own the equipment used to provide such services. Because we cannot easily switch our AWS-serviced operations
to another cloud provider, any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS, for example, due to natural disasters, cyber-attacks,
terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, or similar events, would impact our operations and may adversely affect
our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. In addition, AWS has no obligation to renew its agreement with us
on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to renew our agreement on commercially reasonable terms or develop our blockchain
capabilities, we may be required to transition to a new provider, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption
in connection with doing so. 

In addition, Amazon may take actions beyond our
control that could seriously harm our business, including: 

discontinuing or limiting our access to its cloud platform 

increasing pricing terms; 

terminating or seeking to terminate our contractual relationship
altogether; 

establishing more favorable relationships or pricing terms
with one or more of our competitors; and 

modifying or interpreting its terms of service or other policies
in a manner that impacts our ability to run our business and operations. 

Amazon has broad discretion to change and interpret
its terms of service and other policies with respect to us, and those actions may be unfavorable to us. They may also alter how we are
able to process data on their cloud platform. If Amazon makes changes or interpretations that are unfavorable to us, our business could
be seriously harmed. 

Major network failures could have an adverse
effect on our business. 

Our technology infrastructure is critical to the
performance of the application and customer satisfaction. The application runs on a complex distributed system, or what is commonly known
as cloud computing. Some elements of this system are operated by third-parties that we do not control and which would require significant
time to replace. We expect this dependence on third parties to continue. Major equipment failures, natural disasters, including severe
weather, terrorist acts, acts of war, cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or information technology security that affect third-party
networks, communications switches, routers, microwave links, cell sites or other third-party equipment on which we rely, could cause major
network failures and/or unusually high network traffic demands that could have a material adverse effect on our operations or our ability
to provide service to our customers. These events could disrupt our operations, require significant resources to resolve, result in a
loss of customers or impair our ability to attract new customers, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business,
prospects, results of operations and financial condition. If we experience significant service interruptions, which could require significant
resources to resolve, it could result in a loss of customers or impair our ability to attract new customers, which in turn could have
a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition. In addition, with the growth of wireless
data services, enterprise data interfaces and Internet-based or Internet Protocol enabled applications, wireless networks and devices
are exposed to a greater degree to third-party data or applications over which we have less direct control. As a result, the network infrastructure
and information systems on which we rely, as well as our customers wireless devices, may be subject to a wider array of potential
security risks, including viruses and other types of computer-based attacks, which could cause lapses in our service or adversely affect
the ability of our customers to access our service. Such lapses could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, results
of operations and financial condition. 

- 11 - 

If third parties claim that we infringe
their intellectual property, it may result in costly litigation. 

We cannot assure you that third parties will not
claim our current or future products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. Any such claims, with or without merit,
could cause costly litigation that could consume significant management time. As the number of product and services offerings in the mobile
application market increases and functionalities increasingly overlap, companies such as ours may become increasingly subject to infringement
claims. Such claims also might require us to enter into royalty or license agreements. If required, we may not be able to obtain such
royalty or license agreements, or obtain them on terms acceptable to us. 

We may not be able to adequately protect
our proprietary technology, and our competitors may be able to offer similar products and services which would harm our competitive position. 

Our success, in part, depends upon our proprietary
technology. We have various forms of intellectual property including patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, confidentiality
procedures and contractual provisions to establish and protect our proprietary rights. Despite these precautions, third parties could
copy or otherwise obtain and use our technology without authorization, or develop similar technology independently. We also pursue the
registration of our domain names, trademarks, and service marks in the United States. We have also filed patent applications. However,
we cannot provide any assurance that patent applications that we file will ultimately result in an issued patent or, if issued, that they
will provide sufficient protections for our technology against competitors. We cannot assure you that the protection of our proprietary
rights will be adequate or that our competitors will not independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products and services
or design around any intellectual property rights we hold. 

We could be harmed by improper disclosure
or loss of sensitive or confidential data. 

In connection with the operation of our business,
we plan to process and transmit data. Unauthorized disclosure or loss of sensitive or confidential data may occur through a variety of
methods. These include, but are not limited to, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or unauthorized access
to or through our information systems, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyberattack by computer programmers, hackers,
members of organized crime and/or state-sponsored organizations, who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software
programs. 

Such disclosure, loss or breach could harm our
reputation and subject us to government sanctions and liability under laws and regulations that protect sensitive or personal data and
confidential information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenues. It is possible that security controls over sensitive or confidential
data and other practices we and our third-party vendors follow may not prevent the improper access to, disclosure of, or loss of such
information. The potential risk of security breaches and cyberattacks may increase as we introduce new services and offerings, such as
mobile technology. Further, data privacy is subject to frequently changing rules and regulations, which sometimes conflict among the various
jurisdictions in which we provide services. Any failure or perceived failure to successfully manage the collection, use, disclosure, or
security of personal information or other privacy related matters, or any failure to comply with changing regulatory requirements in this
area, could result in legal liability or impairment to our reputation in the marketplace. 

Unauthorized breaches or failures in cybersecurity
measures adopted by us and/or included in our products and services could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Information security risks have generally increased
in recent years, in part because of the proliferation of new technologies and the use of the Internet, and the increased sophistication
and activity of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, activists, cybercriminals and other external parties, some of which may be linked
to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Cybersecurity attacks are becoming more sophisticated and include malicious
attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems,
unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data, substantially damaging our reputation.
Our security systems are designed to maintain the security of our users confidential information, as well as our own proprietary
information. Accidental or willful security breaches or other unauthorized access by third parties or our employees, our information systems
or the systems of our third-party providers, or the existence of computer viruses or malware in our or their data or software could expose
us to risks of information loss and misappropriation of proprietary and confidential information, including information relating to our
products or customers and the personal information of our employees. 

- 12 - 

In addition, we could become subject to unauthorized
network intrusions and malware on our own IT networks. Any theft or misuse of confidential, personal or proprietary information as a result
of such activities or failure to prevent security breaches could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, damage to our reputation,
loss of our trade secrets and other competitive information, difficulty in marketing our products, allegations by our customers that we
have not performed our contractual obligations, litigation by affected parties and possible financial obligations for liabilities and
damages related to the theft or misuse of such information, as well as fines and other sanctions resulting from any related breaches of
data privacy regulations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, profitability and financial condition.
Furthermore, the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and are often not recognized until
launched against a target, and we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. 

We may be subject to stringent and changing
laws, regulations, standards, and contractual obligations related to privacy, data protection, and data security. Our actual or perceived
failure to comply with such obligations could adversely affect our business. 

We receive, collect, store, and process certain
personally identifiable information about individuals and other data relating to users of the application. We have legal and contractual
obligations regarding the protection of confidentiality and appropriate use of certain data, including personally identifiable and other
potentially sensitive information about individuals. We may be subject to numerous federal, state, local, and international laws, directives,
and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and data security and the collection, storing, sharing, use, processing, transfer,
disclosure, disposal and protection of information about individuals and other data, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing
interpretations, and may be inconsistent among jurisdictions or conflict with other legal and regulatory requirements. We strive to comply
with our applicable data privacy and security policies, regulations, contractual obligations, and other legal obligations relating to
privacy, data protection, and data security. However, the regulatory framework for privacy, data protection and data security worldwide
is, and is likely to remain for the foreseeable future, uncertain and complex, and it is possible that these or other actual or alleged
obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that we do not anticipate or that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another
and may conflict with other legal obligations or our practices. Further, any significant change to applicable laws, regulations or industry
practices regarding the collection, use, retention, security, processing, transfer or disclosure of data, or their interpretation, or
any changes regarding the manner in which the consent of users or other data subjects for the collection, use, retention, security, processing,
transfer or disclosure of such data must be obtained, could increase our costs and require us to modify our services and features, possibly
in a material manner, which we may be unable to complete, and may limit our ability to receive, collect, store, process, transfer, and
otherwise use user data or develop new services and features. 

If we are found in violation of any applicable
laws or regulations relating to privacy, data protection, or security, our business may be materially and adversely affected and we would
likely have to change our business practices and potentially the services and features, integrations or other capabilities of the application.
In addition, these laws and regulations could impose significant costs on us and could constrain our ability to use and process data in
a commercially desirable manner. In addition, if a breach of data security were to occur or be alleged to have occurred, if any violation
of laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection or data security were to be alleged, or if we were to discover any actual
or alleged defect in our safeguards or practices relating to privacy, data protection, or data security, the application may be perceived
as less desirable and our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be materially and adversely
affected. 

We also expect that there will continue to be
new laws, regulations, and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection, and information security proposed and enacted in various
jurisdictions. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which came into force in 2020, provides new data
privacy rights for California consumers and new operational requirements for covered companies. Specifically, the CCPA mandates that covered
companies provide new disclosures to California consumers and afford such consumers new data privacy rights that include, among other
things, the right to request a copy from a covered company of the personal information collected about them, the right to request deletion
of such personal information, and the right to request to opt-out of certain sales of such personal information. The California Attorney
General can enforce the CCPA, including seeking an injunction and civil penalties for violations. The CCPA also provides a private right
of action for certain data breaches that is expected to increase data breach litigation. Additionally, a new privacy law, the California
Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), was approved by California voters in the November 3, 2020 election. The CPRA generally takes
effect on January 1, 2023 and significantly modifies the CCPA, including by expanding consumers rights with respect to certain
personal information and creating a new state agency to oversee implementation and enforcement efforts, potentially resulting in further
uncertainty and requiring us to incur additional costs and expenses in an effort to comply. Some observers have noted the CCPA and CPRA
could mark the beginning of a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the United States, which could also increase our potential
liability and adversely affect our business. For example, the CCPA has encouraged copycat or other similar laws to be considered
and proposed in other states across the country, such as in Virginia, New Hampshire, Illinois and Nebraska. This legislation may add additional
complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment in resources to compliance
programs, could impact strategies and availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs and/or changes
in business practices and policies. 

- 13 - 

Various U.S. federal privacy laws are potentially
relevant to our business, including the Federal Trade Commission Act, Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing
Act, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, the Children s Online Privacy Protection Act, and the Telephone Consumer Protection
Act. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws could result in a costly investigation or litigation resulting in potentially
significant liability, injunctions and other consequences, loss of trust by our users, and a material and adverse impact on our reputation
and business. 

In addition, the data protection landscape in
the EU is continually evolving, resulting in possible significant operational costs for internal compliance and risks to our business.
The EU adopted the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR ), which became effective in May 2018, and contains numerous
requirements and changes from previously existing EU laws, including more robust obligations on data processors and heavier documentation
requirements for data protection compliance programs by companies. 

Among other requirements, the GDPR regulates the
transfer of personal data subject to the GDPR to third countries that have not been found to provide adequate protection to such personal
data, including the United States. Recent legal developments in Europe have created complexity and uncertainty regarding such transfers.
For instance, on July 16, 2020, the Court of Justice of the European Union (the CJEU invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Framework (the Privacy Shield under which personal data could be transferred from the European Economic Area to U.S. entities
who had self-certified under the Privacy Shield scheme. While the CJEU upheld the adequacy of the standard contractual clauses (a standard
form of contract approved by the European Commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism and potential alternative to the
Privacy Shield), it made clear that reliance on such clauses alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances. Use of the
standard contractual clauses must now be assessed on a case-by-case basis taking into account the legal regime applicable in the destination
country, including, in particular, applicable surveillance laws and rights of individuals, and additional measures and/or contractual
provisions may need to be put in place; however, the nature of these additional measures is currently uncertain. The CJEU also states
that if a competent supervisory authority believes that the standard contractual clauses cannot be complied with in the destination country
and that the required level of protection cannot be secured by other means, such supervisory authority is under an obligation to suspend
or prohibit that transfer. 

Additionally, the GDPR greatly increased the European
Commission s jurisdictional reach of its laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling personal data. EU member states
are tasked under the GDPR to enact, and have enacted, certain implementing legislation that adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR
requirements and potentially extends our obligations and potential liability for failing to meet such obligations. The GDPR, together
with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EU member states a governing the processing of personal data, impose strict
obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer and otherwise process personal data.
In particular, the GDPR includes obligations and restrictions concerning the consent and rights of individuals to whom the personal data
relates, security breach notifications and the security and confidentiality of personal data. 

Failure to comply with the GDPR could result in
penalties for noncompliance (including possible fines of up to the greater of 20 million and 4 of our global annual turnover for
the preceding financial year for the most serious violations, as well as the right to compensation for financial or non-financial damages
claimed by individuals under Article 82 of the GDPR). 

- 14 - 

In addition to the GDPR, the European Commission
has another draft regulation in the approval process that focuses on a person s right to conduct a private life. The proposed legislation,
known as the Regulation of Privacy and Electronic Communications ePrivacy Regulation ), would replace the current ePrivacy
Directive. While the text of the ePrivacy Regulation is still under development, a recent European court decision and regulators 
recent guidance are driving increased attention to cookies and tracking technologies. If regulators start to enforce the strict approach
in recent guidance, this could lead to substantial costs, require significant systems changes, limit the effectiveness of our marketing
activities, divert the attention of our technology personnel, adversely affect our margins, increase costs and subject us to additional
liabilities. Regulation of cookies and similar technologies may lead to broader restrictions on our marketing and personalization activities
and may negatively impact our efforts to understand users. 

Further, in March 2017, the United Kingdom formally
notified the European Council of its intention to leave the EU pursuant to Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union Brexit ).
The United Kingdom ceased to be an EU Member State on January 31, 2020, but enacted a Data Protection Act substantially implementing the
GDPR U.K. GDPR ), effective in May 2018, which was further amended to align more substantially with the GDPR following Brexit.
It is unclear how U.K. data protection laws or regulations will develop in the medium to longer term and how data transfers to and from
the United Kingdom will be regulated. Some countries also are considering or have enacted legislation requiring local storage and processing
of data that could increase the cost and complexity of delivering our services. Beginning in 2021 when the transitional period following
Brexit expired, we are required to comply with both the GDPR and the U.K. GDPR, with each regime having the ability to fine up to the
greater of 20 million (in the case of the GDPR) or 17 million (in the case of the U.K. GDPR) and 4 of total annual revenue.
The relationship between the United Kingdom and the EU in relation to certain aspects of data protection law remains unclear, including,
for example, how data transfers between EU member states and the United Kingdom will be treated and the role of the United Kingdom s
Information Commissioner s Office following the end of the transitional period. These changes could lead to additional costs and
increase our overall risk exposure. 

Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply
with our posted privacy policies, our privacy-related obligations to users, or any other legal obligations or regulatory requirements
relating to privacy, data protection, or data security, may result in governmental investigations or enforcement actions, litigation,
claims, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups, or others and could result in significant liability, cause our users
to lose trust in us, and otherwise materially and adversely affect our reputation and business. Furthermore, the costs of compliance with,
and other burdens imposed by, the laws, regulations, other obligations, and policies that are applicable to the businesses of our users
may limit the adoption and use of, and reduce the overall demand for, the application. Further, public scrutiny of, or complaints about,
technology companies or their data handling or data protection practices, even if unrelated to our business, industry or operations, may
lead to increased scrutiny of technology companies, including us, and may cause government agencies to enact additional regulatory requirements,
or to modify their enforcement or investigation activities, which may increase our costs and risks. Any of the foregoing could materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Online applications are subject to various
laws and regulations relating to children s privacy and protection, which if violated, could subject us to an increased risk of
litigation and regulatory actions. 

A variety of laws and regulations have been adopted
in recent years aimed at protecting children using the internet such as the COPPA and Article 8 of the GDPR. We implement certain precautions
to ensure that we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the application. Despite our
efforts, no assurances can be given that such measures will be sufficient to completely avoid allegations of COPPA violations, any of
which could expose us to significant liability, penalties, reputational harm and loss of revenue, among other things. Additionally, new
regulations are being considered in various jurisdictions to require the monitoring of user content or the verification of users 
identities and age. Such new regulations, or changes to existing regulations, could increase the cost of our operations. 

- 15 - 

We may not be successful in our metaverse
strategy and investments, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. 

We believe the metaverse, an embodied internet
where people have immersive experiences beyond two-dimensional screens, is the next evolution in social technology. We recently announced
our plan to develop The Habytat, a mobile based social metaverse. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative
that will involve the development of new and emerging technologies and collaboration with other companies, developers, partners, and other
participants. However, the metaverse may not develop in accordance with our expectations, and market acceptance of features, products,
or services we build for The Habytat is uncertain. In addition, we have limited experience with virtual and augmented reality technology,
which may enable other companies to compete more effectively than us. We may be unsuccessful in our research and product development efforts,
including if we are unable to develop relationships with key participants in the metaverse or develop products that operate effectively
with metaverse technologies, products, systems, networks, or standards. Our metaverse efforts may also divert resources and management
attention from other areas of our business. 

In addition, as our efforts to develop The Habytat
evolve, we may be subject to a variety of existing or new laws and regulations in the United States and international jurisdictions, including
in the areas of privacy, safety, competition, content regulation, consumer protection, and e-commerce, which may delay or impede the development
of our products and services, increase our operating costs, require significant management time and attention, or otherwise harm our business.
As a result of these or other factors, our metaverse strategy and investments may not be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all,
which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. 

The Habytat is
currently under development and no assurance can be given that it will be accepted by others or generate sufficient interest. 

The Habytat, our social
metaverse platform, is currently under development. It is our intent that The Habytat will feature a virtual world containing immersive
experiences in intelligent retail, social networking, gaming and the use of NFTs to grant property rights, boasting a wide range of online
+ offline and virtual + reality scenarios. We aim to continue researching and developing different applications for
our social metaverse platform in order to generate continual interest in our social metaverse platform, including, but not limited to,
our proprietary metaverse ad network and dynamic NFT technology. If we do not generate sufficient interest in our social metaverse platform
we will not attract enough advertisers to make it profitable. 

The Habytat and
VenV are both based on new and unproven technologies and therefore are subject to the risks of failure inherent in the development
of new products and services. 

Because both The Habytat
and VenV are based on certain new technologies, they are subject to risks of failure that are particular to new technologies,
including the possibility that: 

The Habytat and/or VenV may not gain market
acceptance; 

proprietary rights of third parties may preclude us from
marketing a new product or service; 

The Habytat and/or VenV may not receive the
exposure required to obtain new users; or 

third parties may market superior products or services. 

- 16 - 

We may not be able
to adequately evaluate the risks associated with our planned social metaverse and advertising platforms. 

The Habytat and VenV 
may not be successful and may expose us to legal, regulatory, and other risks. Given the nascent and evolving nature of the metaverse,
digital assets and blockchain technology, we may be unable to accurately anticipate or adequately address such risks or the potential
impact of such risks. The occurrence of any such risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, reputation, and prospects. It is difficult to predict how the legal and regulatory framework around such digital assets
and services will develop and how such developments will impact our business and our platforms. The launch of The Habytat and VenV 
also subjects us to risks similar to those associated with any new platform offering, including, but not limited to, our ability to accurately
anticipate market demand and acceptance, our ability to successfully launch these initiatives, technical issues with the operation of
The Habytat and/or VenV , and legal and regulatory risks as discussed above. We believe these risks may be heightened with
respect to both of these initiatives, as metaverse assets and services, NFTs and other digital assets and services are still considered
relatively novel concepts. If we fail to accurately anticipate or manage the risks associated with The Habytat and VenV ,
or if we directly or indirectly become subject to disputes, liability, or other legal or regulatory issues in connection with either of
these initiatives, they may not be successful and our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation, and prospects
could be materially harmed. 

Digital ecosystems,
including offerings of digital assets, is evolving, and uncertain, and new regulations or policies may materially adversely affect our
development. 

The technologies supporting
the metaverse and NFTs, like blockchain and NFTs, are new and rapidly evolving. If we fail to explore new advancements in these technologies
and apply them innovatively to keep our products and services competitive, we may not experience significant growth of our business. Regulation
of digital assets is currently underdeveloped and likely to rapidly evolve as government agencies take greater interest in them. Regulation
also varies significantly among international, federal, state and local jurisdictions and is subject to significant uncertainty. Various
legislative and executive bodies in the United States and in other countries may in the future adopt laws, regulations, or guidance, or
take other actions, which may severely impact the permissibility of NFTs generally and the technology behind them or the means of transacting
in or transferring them. The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, NFTs, and other digital assets is uncertain, and new
regulations or policies may materially adversely affect our development and our value if we materially embrace digital assets in the future. 

Our business is subject to risks generally
associated with the metaverse and digital entertainment industry. 

We are susceptible to market conditions and risks
associated with the metaverse and digital entertainment industry, including the popularity, customers preferences, and potential
regulations, all of which are difficult to predict and are beyond our control. 

In addition, economic conditions that negatively
impact discretionary consumer spending, including inflation, slower growth, unemployment levels, tax rates, interest rates, energy prices,
declining consumer confidence, recession and other macroeconomic conditions, including those resulting from COVID-19 and from geopolitical
issues and uncertainty, could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

If we fail to retain users or add new users,
or if our users decrease their level of engagement with The Habytat, revenue, bookings, and operating results will be harmed. 

Our business plan assumes that the demand for
interactive entertainment offerings, specifically, the adoption of a metaverse with users interacting together by playing, communicating,
connecting, working, making friends, learning, or simply hanging out, all in 3D environments, will increase for the foreseeable future.
However, if this market shrinks or grows more slowly than anticipated, if the metaverse does not gain widespread adoption as a forum for
experiences, social interaction and creative expression for our users, or if demand for The Habytat does not grow as quickly as we anticipate,
whether as a result of competition, product obsolescence, budgetary constraints of our developers, creators, and users, technological
changes, unfavorable economic conditions, uncertain geopolitical or regulatory environments or other factors, we may not be able to increase
our revenue and bookings sufficiently to ever achieve profitability and our stock price would decline. 

- 17 - 

The multitude of other entertainment options,
online gaming, and other interactive experiences is high, making it difficult to retain users who are dissatisfied with The Habytat and
seek other entertainment options. These and other factors may lead users to switch to another entertainment option rapidly, which can
interfere with our ability to forecast usage and would negatively affect our user retention, growth, and engagement. Falling user retention,
growth, or engagement rates could harm our business. 

We face intense competition for our products
and services 

There are numerous technology companies seeking
ways to support efforts to enter the Web 3 technologies business. Additionally, the metaverse has become more readily recognized as method
of completing transactions and as such, more competitors are seeking to enter this marketplace. These technologies are subject to rapidly
changing technological developments, shifting organizational priorities and requirements, frequent introductions of new products and services,
and increased marketing and sales activities of other industry participants 

Many competitors exist in the overlapping areas
of Web 3 and traditional digital marketing, data analytics, and digital transformation. Many of our current and potential competitors
have a significantly larger market presence, greater name recognition, access to more potential customers and substantially greater financial,
technical, sales and marketing, management, support, and other resources than we have. As a result, many of our competitors can respond
more quickly than we can to new or changing opportunities and technologies, and may devote greater resources to the marketing, promotion
and sale of their products than we can. 

Our costs are continuing to grow, and some
of our investments, particularly our investments in virtual and augmented reality, have the effect of reducing our operating margin and
profitability. If our investments are not successful longer-term, our business and financial performance will be harmed. 

Operating our business is costly, and we expect
our expenses to continue to increase in the future as we add users and broaden our user base, as users increase the amount and types of
content they consume and the data they share with us, for example as we continue to expand our technical infrastructure, as we continue
to invest in new and unproven technologies, and as we continue our efforts to focus on privacy, safety, security, and content review.
We are also continuing to increase our investments in new platforms and technologies, including as part of our efforts related to building
the metaverse. Some of these investments, particularly our significant investments in virtual and augmented reality, have generated only
limited revenue and is anticipated to reduce our operating margin and profitability, and we expect the adverse financial impact of such
investments to continue for the foreseeable future. 

Our industry is subject to rapid technological
change, and if we do not adapt to, and appropriately allocate our resources among, emerging technologies and business models, our business
may be negatively impacted. 

Technology changes rapidly in the entertainment
industry. We must continually anticipate and adapt to emerging technologies and business models to stay competitive. Forecasting the financial
impact these changing technologies and business models may have is inherently uncertain and volatile. Supporting a new technology or business
model may require affiliating with a new business or technology vendor, and such affiliation may be on terms that are less favorable to
us than those for traditional technologies or business models. If we invest in the development of content offerings that incorporate a
new technology or business model that does not achieve significant popularity, whether because of competition or otherwise, we may not
recover the often substantial costs of developing and marketing those content offerings, or recover the opportunity cost of diverting
company resources away from other content and product offerings. In the near and longer term, we expect to take advantage of broader trends
such as the growth of the metaverse in the digital economy and the associated increase in importance of technologies such as blockchains,
virtual reality and augmented reality. We may not be successful in allocating our resources to these new areas and may not recover the
costs and opportunity costs of investing in these opportunities instead of others. Further, our competitors may adapt to these or other
emerging technologies or business models more quickly or effectively than we do. 

If, on the other hand, we elect not to pursue
the development of content offerings or other opportunities incorporating a new technology, or otherwise elect not to pursue new business
models that achieve significant success and popularity, it may have adverse consequences to our business. It may take significant time
and expenditures to shift financial and personnel resources to that technology or business model, and it may be more difficult to compete
against existing companies that incorporate that technology or business model effectively. 

- 18 - 

We may not be successful in our metaverse
strategy and investments, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, or financial results. 

We believe the metaverse, an embodied internet
where people have immersive experiences beyond two-dimensional screens, is the next evolution in social technology. Our business strategy
focuses on offerings within the metaverse. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative that will involve the
development of new and emerging technologies, continued investment in privacy, safety, and security efforts, and collaboration with other
companies, developers, partners, and other participants. However, the metaverse may not develop in accordance with our expectations, and
market acceptance of features, products, or services we build for the metaverse is uncertain. In addition, we have limited experience
with virtual and augmented reality technology, which may enable other companies to compete more effectively than us. We may be unsuccessful
in our research and product development efforts, including if we are unable to develop relationships with key participants in the metaverse
or develop products that operate effectively with metaverse technologies, products, systems, networks, or standards. Our metaverse efforts
may also divert resources and management attention from other areas of our business. In addition, as our metaverse efforts evolve, we
may be subject to a variety of existing or new laws and regulations in the United States and international jurisdictions, including in
the areas of privacy and e-commerce, which may delay or impede the development of our products and services, increase our operating costs,
require significant management time and attention, or otherwise harm our business. As a result of these or other factors, our metaverse
strategy and investments may not be successful in the foreseeable future, or at all, which could adversely affect our business, reputation,
or financial results. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock and Series
A Warrants 

The price of our common stock and our Series
A Warrants may fluctuate substantially. 

You should consider an investment in our common
stock and Series A Warrants to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock and Series A Warrants only if you can withstand a significant
loss and wide fluctuations in the market value of your investment. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common stock to
fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, are: 

sale of our common stock by our shareholders, executives,
and directors; 

volatility and limitations in trading volumes of our shares
of common stock; 

our ability to obtain financing; 

the timing and success of introductions of new products by
us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors; 

our ability to attract new customers; 

changes in our capital structure or dividend policy, future
issuances of securities, sales of large blocks of common stock by our shareholders; 

our cash position; 

announcements and events surrounding financing efforts, including
debt and equity securities; 

our inability to enter into new markets or develop new products; 

reputational issues; 

announcements of acquisitions, partnerships, collaborations,
joint ventures, new products, capital commitments, or other events by us or our competitors; 

changes in general economic, political and market conditions
in or any of the regions in which we conduct our business; 

- 19 - 

changes in industry conditions or perceptions; 

analyst research reports, recommendation and changes in recommendations,
price targets, and withdrawals of coverage; 

departures and additions of key personnel; 

disputes and litigations related to intellectual properties,
proprietary rights, and contractual obligations; 

changes in applicable laws, rules, regulations, or accounting
practices and other dynamics; and 

other events or factors, many of which may be out of our
control. 

In addition, if the market for stocks in our industry
or industries related to our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of
our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition and results of operations. If any of the foregoing
occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend and
a distraction to management. 

We may acquire other companies or technologies,
which could divert our management s attention, result in dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely
affect our operating results. 

We may in the future seek to acquire or invest
in businesses, applications and services or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our services, enhance our technical
capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and
cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. 

In addition, we do not have any experience in
acquiring other businesses. If we acquire additional businesses, we may not be able to integrate the acquired personnel, operations and
technologies successfully, or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. We also may not achieve the anticipated
benefits from the acquired business due to a number of factors, including: 

inability to integrate or benefit from acquired technologies
or services in a profitable manner; 

unanticipated costs or liabilities associated with the acquisition; 

difficulty integrating the accounting systems, operations
and personnel of the acquired business; 

difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting
legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business; 

difficulty converting the customers of the acquired business
onto our platform and contract terms, including disparities in the revenue, licensing, support or professional services model of the
acquired company; 

diversion of management s attention from other business
concerns; 

adverse effects to our existing business relationships with
business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition; 

the potential loss of key employees; 

use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business;
and 

use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate
the acquisition. 

- 20 - 

In addition, a significant portion of the purchase
price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired goodwill and other intangible assets, which must be assessed for impairment
at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating
results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances
of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, if an acquired business
fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business and financial position may suffer. 

If research analysts do not publish research
about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our common stock or Series A Warrants, our securities price
and trading volume could decline. 

The trading market for our securities may depend
in part on the research and reports that research analysts publish about us and our business. If we do not maintain adequate research
coverage, or if any of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business,
the price of our common stock and Series A Warrants could decline. If one or more of our research analysts ceases to cover our business
or fails to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our securities could decrease, which could cause the price of our common stock
and Series A Warrants or trading volume to decline. 

We may issue additional equity securities,
or engage in other transactions that could dilute our book value or relative rights of our common stock, which may adversely affect the
market price of our common stock and Series A Warrants. 

Our board of directors may determine from time
to time that it needs to raise additional capital by issuing additional shares of our common stock or other securities. Except as otherwise
described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we will not be restricted from issuing additional common stock, including securities that
are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, shares of our common stock. Because our decision to
issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate
the amount, timing, or nature of any future offerings, or the prices at which such offerings may be affected. Additional equity offerings
may dilute the holdings of existing shareholders or reduce the market price of our common stock and Series A Warrants, or all of them.
Holders of our securities are not entitled to pre-emptive rights or other protections against dilution. New investors also may have rights,
preferences and privileges that are senior to, and that adversely affect, then-current holders of our securities. Additionally, if we
raise additional capital by making offerings of debt or preference shares, upon our liquidation, holders of our debt securities and preference
shares, and lenders with respect to other borrowings, may receive distributions of its available assets before the holders of our common
stock. 

Market and economic conditions may negatively
impact our business, financial condition and share price. 

Concerns over inflation, energy costs, geopolitical
issues, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market, unstable global credit markets and financial conditions, and volatile
oil prices have led to periods of significant economic instability, diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer
confidence and discretionary spending, diminished expectations for the global economy and expectations of slower global economic growth
going forward, increased unemployment rates, and increased credit defaults in recent years. Our general business strategy may be adversely
affected by any such economic downturns, volatile business environments and continued unstable or unpredictable economic and market conditions.
If these conditions continue to deteriorate or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult to complete,
more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material
adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance, and share price and could require us to delay or abandon development or
commercialization plans. 

- 21 - 

The ability of a stockholder to recover
all or any portion of such stockholder s investment in the event of a dissolution or termination may be limited. 

In the event of a dissolution or termination of
the Company, the proceeds realized from the liquidation of the assets of the Company or such subsidiaries will be distributed among the
stockholders, but only after the satisfaction of the claims of third-party creditors of the Company. The ability of a stockholder to recover
all or any portion of such stockholder s investment under such circumstances will, accordingly, depend on the amount of net proceeds
realized from such liquidation and the amount of claims to be satisfied therefrom. There can be no assurance that the Company will recognize
gains on such liquidation, nor is there any assurance that Common Stock holders will receive a distribution in such a case. 

We do not intend to pay cash dividends on
our shares of common stock so any returns will be limited to the value of our shares. 

We currently anticipate that we will retain future
earnings for the development, operation and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for
the foreseeable future. Any return to shareholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of our share price. 

We are an emerging growth company 
and are able to avail ourselves of reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies, which could make our common
stock less attractive to investors. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and we have elected to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced
disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements
of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously
approved. In addition, pursuant to Section 107 of the JOBS Act, as an emerging growth company we have elected to take advantage
of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act, for complying with new or revised accounting standards.
In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards
would otherwise apply to private companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public
company effective dates. 

We cannot predict if investors will find our common
stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there
may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. We may take advantage of these reporting
exemptions until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more; (ii) the last
day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the completion of our initial public offering; (iii) the date on
which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years; or (iv) the date on which we are deemed
to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the SEC. 

We may be at risk of securities class action
litigation. 

We may be at risk of securities class action litigation.
In the past, small-cap issuers have experienced significant stock price volatility, particularly when associated with regulatory requirements
by governmental authorities, which our industry now increasingly faces. If we face such litigation, it could result in substantial costs
and a diversion of management s attention and resources, which could harm our business and results in a decline in the market price
of our common stock. 

- 22 - 

Financial reporting obligations of being
a public company in the United States are expensive and time-consuming, and our management will be required to devote substantial time
to compliance matters. 

As a publicly traded company, we will incur significant
additional legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a privately company. The obligations of being a public company
in the United States require significant expenditures and will place significant demands on our management and other personnel, including
costs resulting from public company reporting obligations under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance
practices, including those under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection Act, and the listing requirements of the stock exchange on which our securities are listed. These rules require the establishment
and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and procedures, internal control over financial reporting and changes in
corporate governance practices, among many other complex rules that are often difficult to implement, monitor and maintain compliance
with. Moreover, despite recent reforms made possible by the JOBS Act, the reporting requirements, rules, and regulations will make some
activities more time-consuming and costly, particularly after we are no longer an emerging growth company. In addition,
we expect these rules and regulations to make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance.
Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements
and to keep pace with new regulations, otherwise we may fall out of compliance and risk becoming subject to litigation or being delisted,
among other potential problems. 

If we fail to comply with the rules under
Sarbanes-Oxley related to accounting controls and procedures in the future, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies
in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult. 

Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley requires annual
management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we fail to comply with the rules under
Sarbanes-Oxley related to disclosure controls and procedures in the future, or, if we discover material weaknesses and other deficiencies
in our internal control and accounting procedures, our stock price could decline significantly and raising capital could be more difficult.
If material weaknesses or significant deficiencies are discovered or if we otherwise fail to achieve and maintain the adequacy of our
internal control, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal controls over
financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of Sarbanes-Oxley. Moreover, effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce
reliable financial reports and are important to helping prevent financial fraud. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent
fraud, our business and operating results could be harmed, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, and
the trading price of our common stock could drop significantly. 

Comprehensive tax reform bills could adversely
affect our business and financial condition. 

The U.S. government recently enacted comprehensive
federal income tax legislation that includes significant changes to the taxation of business entities. These changes include, among others,
a permanent reduction to the corporate income tax rate. Notwithstanding the reduction in the corporate income tax rate, the overall impact
of this tax reform is uncertain, and our business and financial condition could be adversely affected. This Annual Report on Form 10-K
does not discuss any such tax legislation or the manner in which it might affect purchasers of our common stock. We urge our shareholders
to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to any such legislation and the potential tax consequences of investing in our
common stock. 

We could issue blank check 
preferred stock without stockholder approval with the effect of diluting interests of then-current stockholders and impairing their voting
rights, and provisions in our charter documents and under Nevada law could discourage a takeover that stockholders may consider favorable. 

Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
provides for the authorization to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of blank check preferred stock with designations, rights
and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Our board of directors is empowered, without stockholder
approval, to issue one or more series of preferred stock with dividend, liquidation, conversion, voting or other rights which could dilute
the interest of, or impair the voting power of, our common stockholders. The issuance of a series of preferred stock could be used as
a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control. For example, it would be possible for our board of directors to
issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt to change control of our
company. In addition, advanced notice is required prior to stockholder proposals, which might further delay a change of control. 

- 23 - 

Our ability to have our securities traded
on the Nasdaq Capital Market is subject to us meeting applicable listing criteria. 

We are currently listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market,
LLC Nasdaq ), a national securities exchange. The Nasdaq requires companies desiring to list their common stock to meet
certain listing criteria including total number of shareholders: minimum stock price, total value of public float, and in some cases total
shareholders equity and market capitalization. Our failure to meet such applicable listing criteria could prevent us from listing
our common stock on the Nasdaq. In the event we are unable to have our shares traded on Nasdaq, our common stock could potentially trade
on the OTCQX or the OTCQB, each of which is generally considered less liquid and more volatile than the Nasdaq. Our failure to have our
shares traded on the Nasdaq could make it more difficult for you to trade our shares, could prevent our common stock trading on a frequent
and liquid basis and could result in the value of our Common Stock being less than it would be if we were able to list our shares on the
Nasdaq. 

On October 14, 2022, we received written notice
from Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2), as the minimum bid price of our common stock had been
below 1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810, we have a period of 180 calendar
days, or until April 12, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. To regain compliance, the closing bid price
of our common stock must meet or exceed 1.00 per share for at least 10 consecutive business days during this 180 calendar day period.
In the event we do not regain compliance by April 12, 2023, we may be eligible for an additional 180 calendar day grace period if we meet
the continued listing standards, with the exception of bid price, for The Nasdaq Capital Market, and we provide written notice to Nasdaq
of our intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance period. Although we may effect a reverse stock split of our issued
and outstanding common stock in the future, there can be no assurance that such reverse stock split will enable us to regain compliance
with the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement. 

If we are unable to regain compliance with the
Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement and Nasdaq delists our common stock and we are unable to obtain listing on another national securities
exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our stockholders: 

the liquidity of our common stock; 

the market price of our common stock; 

our ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our
operations; 

the number of institutional and general investors that will
consider investing in our common stock; 

the number of investors in general that will consider investing
in our common stock; 

the number of market makers in our common stock; 

the availability of information concerning the trading prices
and volume of our common stock; and 

the number of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in
shares of our common stock. 

Our principal stockholders and management
own a significant percentage of our stock and will be able to exert significant control over matters subject to stockholder approval. 

Our directors, executive officers and each of our stockholders who
owned greater than 5 of our outstanding Common Stock beneficially, as of March 27, 2023, own approximately 13.90 of our common stock
outstanding. Accordingly, these stockholders have and will continue to have significant influence over the outcome of corporate actions
requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, a merger, the consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of
our assets or any other significant corporate transaction. The interests of these stockholders may not be the same as or may even conflict
with our other investors interests. For example, these stockholders could delay or prevent a change in control of us, even if such
a change in control would benefit our other stockholders, which could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium
for their Common Stock as part of a sale of the Company or our assets. The significant concentration of stock ownership may negatively
impact the value of our Common Stock due to potential investors perception that conflicts of interest may exist or arise. 

- 24 - 

Our Articles of Incorporation, as amended,
our Amended and Restated Bylaws, and Nevada law may have anti-takeover effects that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control,
which may cause our stock price to decline. 

Anti-takeover provisions may limit the ability
of another party to acquire us, which could cause our stock price to decline. Our articles of incorporation, as amended, bylaws and Nevada
law contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a third party from acquiring us, even if doing so may be beneficial to
our stockholders. In addition, these provisions could limit the price investors would be willing to pay in the future for shares of our
common stock. 

If our shares become subject to the penny
stock rules, it would become more difficult to trade our shares. 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price of less than 5.00,
other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain automated quotation systems,
provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided by the exchange or system.
If we do not obtain or retain a listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market or if the price of our common stock falls below 5.00, our common
stock will be deemed a penny stock. The penny stock rules require a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise
exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock
rules require that before effecting any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make
a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny stocks;
and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements would likely have the effect of reducing
the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty selling their shares. 

FINRA sales practice requirements may limit
a stockholder s ability to buy and sell our stock. 

In addition to the penny stock rules
described above, the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA ), has adopted rules that require that in recommending
an investment to a customer, a broker-dealer must have reasonable grounds for believing that the investment is suitable for that customer.
Prior to recommending speculative, low-priced securities to their non-institutional customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts
to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status, investment objectives and other information. The FINRA
requirements may make it more difficult for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may have the
effect of reducing the level of trading activity in our common stock. As a result, fewer broker-dealers may be willing to make a market
in our common stock, reducing a stockholder s ability to resell shares, as well as overall liquidity, of our common stock. 

Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
provide that the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark County, Nevada will be the sole and exclusive forum for certain disputes which
could limit stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers,
employees or agents. 

Our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
provide that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Eighth Judicial District Court of Clark
County, Nevada shall be the sole and exclusive forum for state law claims with respect to: (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought
in the name or right of the Company or on its behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim for breach of any fiduciary duty owed by any director,
officer, employee or agent of the Company to the Company or the Company s stockholders, (iii) any action arising or asserting a
claim arising pursuant to any provision of Nevada Revised Statutes Chapters 78 or 92A or any provision of the Company s Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs
doctrine, including, without limitation, any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Company s Amended
and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Amended and Restated Bylaws. This exclusive forum provision would not apply to suits brought
to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have
exclusive jurisdiction. To the extent that any such claims may be based upon federal law claims, Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates
exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

- 25 - 

Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent
jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the
rules and regulations thereunder. However, our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation contain a federal forum provision which
provides that unless the Company consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United
States of America will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities
Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation are deemed to have
notice of and consented to this provision. As this provision applies to Securities Act claims, there may be uncertainty whether a court
would enforce such a provision. 

These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder s
ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other
employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against the Company and its directors, officers and other employees. Alternatively, if a
court were to find our choice of forum provisions contained in either our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation or Amended and
Restated Bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
action in other jurisdictions, which could harm its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

Our principal executive offices are located at
204 Nielson Street, New Brunswick, NJ 08901. We lease our office for a minimum base rent of 28.00 per rentable square foot with three
percent (3 annual increases in monthly installments on the first day of each month pursuant to a lease which terminates on December
31, 2024. We believe that our current office space will be adequate for the foreseeable future. We intend to add new facilities or expand
existing facilities as we add employees, and we believe that suitable additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate
any such expansion of our operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time to time, we may become involved in various
lawsuits and legal proceedings, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an
adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. We are currently not aware of any such
legal proceedings or claims that will have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
or operating results. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

- 26 - 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our common stock and Series A Warrants are listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbols DATS and DATSW, respectively. 

Shareholders 

As of March 27, 2023, we had 1,477 shareholders
of record. This does not include shares held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominees (typically referred to as being held in street
name ). 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid or declared any cash dividends
on our common stock, and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain
all available funds and any future earnings to fund the development and expansion of our business. Any future determination to pay dividends
will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon a number of factors, including our results of operations, financial
condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors our board of directors
deems relevant. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

We did not purchase any of our registered equity
securities during the period covered by this Annual Report. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company issued 1,000,000 shares in connection with the acquisition of all the issued and outstanding shares of Avila Security Corporation. 

- 27 - 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

You should read the following discussion and
analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with and our consolidated financial statements and the related
notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical information, this discussion and analysis contains
forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed
below. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified below, and those
discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All amounts in this
report are in U.S. dollars, unless otherwise noted. 

Overview 

We are a blockchain, cybersecurity, and social
media company that not only focuses on protecting privacy on personal devices, but also protects user information after it is shared
with others. We believe that one s right to privacy should not end the moment they click send , and that we all deserve
the same right to privacy online that we enjoy in our own living rooms. Our flagship product, DatChat Messenger Private Social
Network, is a privacy platform and mobile application that gives users the ability to communicate with the privacy and protection they
deserve. Recently. we have expanded our business and product offerings to include the co-development of a mobile-based social metaverse,
known as The Habytat , as well as the development of VenV , an advertising and non-fungible token NFT monetization platform. 

DatChat Messenger Private Social Network 

Our platform allows users to exercise control
over their messages and posts, even after they are sent. Through our application, users can delete messages that they have sent, on their
own device and the recipient s device as well. There is no set time limit within which they must exercise this choice. A user can
elect at any time to delete a message that they previously sent to a recipient s device. 

The application also enables users to hide secret
and encrypted messages behind a cover, which messages can only be unlocked by the recipient and which are automatically destroyed after
a fixed number of views or fixed amount of time. Users can decide how long their messages last on the recipient s device. The application
also includes a screen shot protection system, which makes it virtually impossible for the recipient to screenshot a message or picture
before it gets destroyed. In addition, users can delete entire conversations at any time, making it like the conversation never even
happened. 

- 28 - 

In addition to the foregoing, the application
also provides users with the ability to connect via an encrypted live video chat that also is designed to prevent screenshots or screen
grabs. 

The application integrates with iMessage, making
private messages potentially available to hundreds of millions of users. 

The Habytat 

In June 2022, we formed
a wholly owned subsidiary, SmarterVerse, Inc. SmarterVerse ). In July 2022, SmarterVerse entered into a development agreement
with MetaBizz, LLC, an infrastructure firm that creates and develops 4D experiences in the metaverse MetaBizz ). 

In November 2022, we
launched The Habytat, a virtual space that blends real world and virtual realities into one, in real time, using emerging technology like
virtual and augmented reality, to create a highly immersive 3D environment. 

In January 2023, we launched
Geniuz City, the first world within The Habytat. Geniuz City is intended to be a near photo-realistic world that is based on the city
of Miami and its surrounding areas. Geniuz City has been designed in a manner that can enable users to participate in a number of different
activities, such as parties, business conferences, shopping, socializing, and game play. 

Currently, once users
download The Habytat application, we plan to grant each user rights to use a designated piece of virtual property in Geniuz City through
the minting and issuance of a unique NFT . NFTs (or non-fungible tokens) are digital assets that can represent a unique real-world asset,
such as art, music, in-game items, videos, or a piece of real estate or virtual property. Users will initially be able to choose the
style of house they want, then start customizing it to represent their personal style and taste. Users will then be able to accumulate
reward points when they visit and interact with such virtual property or invite others to join The Habytat, and such rewards can be used
to enhance, expand, and improve the virtual property. 

In addition, we plan to offer users the ability
to have their own pets in the Habytat, which they will need to care for and can train to follow basic obedience commands. Finally, as
described below, we plan to integrate our VenV , platform and VenV , dynamic NFTs (collectively, VenV , into The Habytat, and that such integration will enable us and users to generate advertising-based revenues in The Habytat. 

VenV 

We are currently developing VenV ,
an advertising and NFT monetization platform. VenV is based upon a proprietary metaverse ad network and dynamic NFT technology
which we believe will allow advertisers and landowners to connect in the metaverse. Management believes that metaverse advertising parallels
reality,.and that VenV can be considered as a parallel to billboards in the real world or Google Ads within
the internet. Through the integration of VenV , which advertises in a way similar to a billboard or video screen, we plan
to enable users of The Habytat opportunities to monetize their virtual property rights by directly displaying approved advertisements
on their virtual property. While we currently plan to launch VenVuu in the Habytat, it may also by interoperable within other metaverses
in the future We believe that these features can potentially provide brands with the ability to run campaigns that target the land parcels
they want to reach, simultaneously across multiple metaverses. 

Recent Events 

On January 10, 2023, we announced that our Board
of Directors has authorized a Stock Repurchase Plan under which the Company may repurchase up to 2,000,000 of the Company s outstanding
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Additionally, the Board has approved EF Hutton to be engaged as the broker to implement the
Repurchase Plan. 

As of March 29, 2023, the Company reported that
it has purchased 480,025 shares of common stock at an average price of 0.648 per share. 

- 29 - 

Risks and Uncertainties 

In February 2022, the Russian Federation and
Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States,
have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions
on the world economy is not determinable as of the date of these condensed consolidated financial statements, and the specific impact
on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial
statements. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect
on the Company s financial position and results of its operations, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date
of these financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis of Presentation 

The financial statements contained herein have
been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (the U.S. GAAP and the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates 

This management s discussion and analysis
of financial condition and results of operations is based on our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S.
GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reported period. In accordance with U.S. GAAP, we base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from these
estimates if conditions differ from our assumptions. While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 in the
 Notes to Financial Statements , we believe the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant
judgments and estimates in preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 

Use of estimates 

The preparation of the financial statements in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and the related disclosures at the date of the financial statements
and during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from these estimates. Significant estimates include the valuation
of deferred tax assets, and the value of stock-based compensation expenses. 

- 30 - 

Short-term investments 

The Company considers investments with original
maturities greater than three months and remaining maturities less than one year to be short-term investments. Short-term investments
include U.S. Treasury bills and certificates of deposit that are all highly rated and have initial maturities between four and twelve
months. Short-term investments are carried at fair value, which is based on quoted market prices for such securities, if available, or
is estimated on the basis of quoted market prices of financial instruments with similar characteristics. For the year ended December 31,
2022, net unrealized gain on short-term investments of 47,672 and realized gain on short-term investments of 28,176 are reported in
other income (expenses) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

Accounting for digital currencies and other
digital assets 

The Company purchases Ethereum cryptocurrency Ethereum and other digital assets and accepts Ethereum as a form of payment for non-fungible tokens sales (NFTs). The
Company accounts for these digital assets held as the result of the purchase or receipt of Ethereum and other digital assets, as indefinite-lived
intangible assets in accordance with ASC 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other ASC 350 ). The Company has ownership
of and control over its digital currencies and digital assets and the Company may use third-party custodial services to secure them. The
digital currencies and digital assets are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently remeasured, net of any impairment losses incurred
since acquisition. The Company believes that digital currencies and other digital assets meet the definition of indefinite-lived intangible
assets and accounts for them at historical cost less impairment, applying the guidance in ASC 350. The Company monitors any standard-setting,
regulatory or technological developments that may affect the Company s accounting for digital currencies or its controls and processes
related to digital currencies. Digital currencies are included in long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheet. 

The Company determines the fair value of its digital
currencies and other digital assets on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, based on quoted prices
on the active exchange(s) that it has determined is the principal market for Ethereum (Level 1 inputs) and other digital assets. The Company
performs an analysis each quarter to identify whether events or changes in circumstances, principally decreases in the quoted prices on
active exchanges, indicate that it is more likely than not that its digital assets are impaired. In determining if an impairment has occurred,
the Company considers the lowest market price quoted on an active exchange since acquiring the respective digital asset. If the then current
carrying value of a digital asset exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss has occurred with respect to those digital assets in the
amount equal to the difference between their carrying values and the fair value. The impaired digital assets are written down to their
fair value at the time of impairment and this new cost basis will not be adjusted upward for any subsequent increase in fair value. Gains
are not recorded until realized upon sale, at which point they are presented net of any impairment losses for the same digital assets
held. In determining the gain or loss to be recognized upon sale, the Company calculates the difference between the sales price and carrying
value of the digital assets sold immediately prior to sale. Impairment losses and gains or losses on sales are recognized within operating
expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an impairment loss
of 119,276. 

Capitalized software costs 

Costs incurred to develop internal-use software including Metaverse
software development, are expensed as incurred during the preliminary project stage. Internal-use software development costs are capitalized
during the application development stage, which is after: (i) the preliminary project stage is completed; and (ii) management authorizes
and commits to funding the project and it is probable the project will be completed and used to perform the function intended. Capitalization
ceases at the point the software project is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, and after all substantial testing is
completed. Upgrades and enhancements are capitalized if it is probable that those expenditures will result in additional functionality.
Amortization is provided for on a straight-line basis over the expected useful life of the internal-use software development costs and
related upgrades and enhancements. When existing software is replaced with new software, the unamortized costs of the old software are
expensed when the new software is ready for its intended use. Software development costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2022
were expensed since the Metaverse software development project is in the preliminary project stage. Such costs are included in research
and development costs on the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. 

Revenue recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
ASC Topic 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which requires revenue to be recognized in a manner that depicts the transfer of
goods or services to customers in amounts that reflect the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
goods or services. The Company recognizes revenues from subscription fees on the Company s messaging application in the month they
are earned. Annual and lifetime subscription payments received that are related to future periods are recorded as deferred revenue to
be recognized as revenues over the contract term or period. Lifetime subscriptions are being recognized to revenues over a 12-month period. 

- 31 - 

The Company s NFT revenues were generated
from the sale of NFTs. The Company accepts Ethereum as a form of payment for NFT sales. The Company s NFTs exist on the Ethereum
Blockchain under the Company s VenVuu brand. VenV uu is an iMetaverse advertising platform that allows advertisers and metaverse
landowners to connect using the Company s proprietary metaverse ad network and dynamic NFT technology. The Company uses the NFT
exchange, OpenSea, to facilitate its sales of NFTs. The Company, through OpenSea, has custody and control of the NFT prior to the delivery
to the customer and records revenue at a point in time when the NFT is delivered to the customer and the customer pays. The Company has
no obligations for returns, refunds or warranty after the NFT sale. The value of the sale is determined based on the value of the Ethereum
crypto currency received as consideration. Each NFT that is generated produces a unique identifying code. 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based compensation is accounted for based
on the requirements of the Share-Based Payment Topic of ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 ),
which requires recognition in the financial statements of the cost of employee, non-employee and director services received in exchange
for an award of equity instruments over the period the employee, non-employee or director is required to perform the services in exchange
for the award (presumptively, the vesting period). ASC 718 also requires measurement of the cost of employee, non-employee, and director
services received in exchange for an award based on the grant-date fair value of the award. 

Research and Development 

Research and development costs incurred in the
development of the Company s products are expensed as incurred and includes costs such as outside development costs and other allocated
costs incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development costs incurred in the development of the Company s
software products with a related party were 514,957 and are included in research and development expense related party on the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

Leases 

The Company applied ASC Topic 842, Leases (Topic
842) to arrangements with lease terms of 12 months or more. Operating lease right of use assets ROU represents the right
to use the leased asset for the lease term and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum
lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. As most leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company use an incremental
borrowing rate based on the information available at the adoption date in determining the present value of future payments. Lease expense
for minimum lease payments is amortized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in general and administrative expenses
in the statements of operations. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Refer to the notes to the audited financial statements. 

Results of Operations 

Revenue 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we generated revenues
of 46,214 and 4,445, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues consisted of subscription revenues of 9,820 and revenues
from the sale of NFT s of 36,394, as compared to 4,445 of revenues from subscriptions for the year ended December 31, 2021. We
do not expect to generate any revenues from the sale of NFT s in the near future. 

Compensation and related expenses 

Compensation and related expenses for the years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, were 6,551,776 and 2,963,294, respectively, an increase of 3,588,482 or 121.1 .Compensation and related expenses include
salaries, stock-based compensation, health insurance and other benefits. The increase in compensation and related expenses is primarily
related to increase in the number of full-time employees, and an increase in stock-based compensation. Stock-based compensation expense
amounted to 3,173,401 and 1,090,027 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and was attributable to the accretion
of stock option expense. 

- 32 - 

Marketing and advertising expenses 

Marketing and advertising expenses for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 828,736 and 5,090,763, respectively, a decrease of 4,262,027 or 83.7 , primarily due to a decrease
in promotions, branding and digital marketing strategy and social media ads. 

Professional and consulting expenses 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
we reported professional and consulting fees of 2,285,312 and 2,181,317, respectively, an increase of 103,995 or 4.8 , which are principally
comprised of the following items: 

We incurred
 514,469 and 1,657,292 of consulting fees for general advisory consulting, investor relation, technology services, and other incidental
services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 347,733 and
 1,213,350, respectively, related to stock-based consulting expenses from stock option grants to various consultants, accretion of deferred
stock-based consulting fees and common stock issued for services. 

The remaining
amounts attributed to professional and consulting fees incurred during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022 were primarily attributed
to legal fees, accounting fees, recruitment fees, and investor relations fees which amounted to 1,770,843 and 524,025, respectively. 

Research and development costs 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred
 514,957 in research and development costs with a related party in connection with the development of our Metaverse software development
project which is in the preliminary stage. We did not incur any research and development costs in the 2021 period. 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 991,882 and 607,621, an increase of 384,261 or 63.2 , primarily attributable to an increase
in insurance expense of 73,743, an increase in computer and internet expense of 23,579, an increase in travel expenses of 97,029, an
increase in conference fees of 42,078, and an increase in rent expense of 16,644. General and administrative expenses primarily consisted
of the following expense categories: insurance, travel, utilities, office related expenses and rent expense. 

Impairment loss on intangible assets 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we concluded
that the undiscounted cash flows did not support the carrying values of its intangible assets as of December 31, 2022. We determined the
value of the patents acquired were fully impaired as of December 31, 2022 and recognized an impairment loss on its long-lived intangible
assets of 981,000. 

Impairment loss on digital currencies and
other digital assets 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, operating
expenses included an impairment charge related to the write down of digital currencies and other digital assets of 119,276. We did not
incur any impairment charges in the 2021 period. 

- 33 - 

Loss from Operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, loss from
operation amounted to 12,226,725 as compared to 10,838,550 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,388,175, or 12.8 . 

Other Income (Expense) 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we reported other
income of 88,153 and 9,516, respectively. Other income (expense) consisted of interest income, interest expense and unrealized gains
or losses on short-term investments. During the year ended December 31, 2022, other income primarily consisted of interest income of 12,305,
a realized gain on short-term investments of 28,176, and an unrealized gain on short-term investments of 47,672. During the year ended
December 31, 2021, other income primarily consisted of interest income of 3,516, offset by interest expense of 127 and gain from forgiveness
of debt of 6,127. 

Net Loss 

For the foregoing reasons, our net loss for the
years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 12,138,572, or 0.60) per common share (basic and diluted) and 10,829,034, or 0.71) per
common share (basic and diluted), respectively, an increase of 1,309,538, or 12.1 . 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Plan of Operations 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash totaling
approximately 1,732,956. 

We were incorporated on December 4, 2014 and have
generated minimal revenues to date. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net loss of 12,138,572. In addition, we used cash
in operations of 7,258,765 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We have an accumulated deficit of 39,729,118 at December 31, 2022 and
have generated minimal revenues since inception. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company has received no net proceeds from
the sale of its securities and no gross proceeds from the exercise of the Company s Series A warrants. As of December 31, 2022,
we had cash and cash equivalents of 1,732,956. Additionally, on December 31, 2022, we had short-term investments of 11,007,997. Short-term
investments include U.S. Treasury bills and certificates of deposit that are all highly rated and have initial maturities between four
and twelve months. These events served to mitigate the conditions that historically raised substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. 

Our primary uses of cash have been for compensation
and related expenses, fees paid to third parties for professional services, marketing and advertising expenses, and general and administrative
expenses. All funds received have been expended in the furtherance of growing the business. We received funds from the sale of our common
stock and exercise of warrants. The following trends are reasonably likely to result in changes in our liquidity over the near to long
term: 

An increase in working capital requirements to finance our current business, 

Cost of research and development, 

Addition of administrative, technical and sales personnel as the business grows, and 

The cost of being a public company. 

On August 17, 2021, the Company completed its
initial public offering IPO ), in which we issued 3,325,301 shares of our common stock and Series A warrants (the Series
A Warrants to purchase up to 3,325,301 shares of our common stock for gross proceeds of approximately 13,800,000 before deducting
underwriting discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses, including legal expenses related to the Offering of approximately 1,718,000
which are offset against the proceeds in additional paid in capital resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately 12.1 million.
Additionally, between August 27, 2021 and October 5, 2021, the Company received aggregate gross proceeds of 14,356,272 from the exercise
of 2,882,785 Series A Warrants, resulting in an aggregate issuance of 2,882,785 shares of common stock. 

- 34 - 

Net cash used in operating activities totaled
approximately 7,258,765 and 8,454,504 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net loss for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 totaled approximately 12,138,572 and 10,829,034, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, net loss was
adjusted for stock-based compensation of 3,173,401, stock-based professional fees of 347,733, amortization expense of 49,783, depreciation
of 127,501, impairment loss of intangible assets of 981,000, and impairment loss on digital currencies and other digital assets of 119,276,
offset by realized and unrealized gains on short-term investments of 75,848, and non-cash revenues from the sale of NFT s of 36,394,
and operating changes were a net increase of 179,616, primarily due to a decrease in prepaid expenses of 242,221 and accounts payable
and accrued expenses of 61. 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Net cash used in investing activities amounted
to 11,209,126 and 56,039 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we
purchased property and equipment of 44,475, purchased digital currencies and other digital assets of 233,245, and we purchased short-term
investments of 20,842,149 and received gross proceeds from the sale of short-term investments of 9,910,000. During the year ended December
31, 2021, we purchased property and equipment of 56,039. 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities
totaled approximately (203) and 27,643,282 for the nine months ended September 30, 2022, and 2021, respectively. During the nine months
ended September 30, 2022, we repaid related party advances of 203. During the nine months ended September 30, 2021, financing activities
was primarily attributable to net proceeds of approximately 13,671,074 from the sale of common stock, 13,979,370 from the exercise of
Series A warrants and 161,567 of advances from a related party, offset by the repayment of related party advances of 161,229 and the
repayment of related-party notes of 7,500. 

Net cash provided by financing activities totaled
approximately 1,112 and 28,019,855 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During the year ended December 31,
2022, financing activities was primarily attributable to proceeds from related party advances of 20,294 offset by the repayment of related
party advances of 19,182. During the year ended December 31, 2021, financing activities was primarily attributable to net proceeds of
approximately 13,671,074 from the sale of common stock, 14,356,272 from the exercise of Series A warrants and 177,624 of advances from
a related party, offset by 177,615 repayment of related party advances and 7,500 repayment of related-party notes. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have not entered into any other financial guarantees
or other commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We have not entered into any derivative contracts that
are indexed to our shares and classified as shareholders equity or that are not reflected in our financial statements. Furthermore,
we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity
or market risk support to such entity. We do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity,
market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or research and development services with us. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Our financial statements are contained in pages
F-1 through F-22, which appear at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls 

Our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information required to be disclosed by us in
reports filed under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide absolute assurance that
the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and
instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. 

- 35 - 

Management s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting 

We are required to maintain disclosure
controls and procedures, as that term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the Exchange
Act. Disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in the reports we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure
controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, cannot provide
absolute assurance that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that
all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Our management, with the participation of our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period
covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because of a material weakness in our
internal controls over financial reporting. The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective because
of the material weaknesses set forth below. 

The ineffectiveness of our disclosure controls
and procedures was due to the following material weaknesses: 

We lack segregation of duties within accounting functions
duties as a result of our limited financial resources to support hiring of personnel. 

We lack control over the custody of and accounting for digital currencies and other digital assets accounts. 

The lack of multiples levels of management review on complex
business, accounting and financial reporting issues. 

We have not implemented adequate system and manual controls. 

While we used the services of third-party accountant
who is a certified public accountant to provide accounting and financial reporting services to us, we lack both an adequate number of
personnel with requisite expertise in the key functional areas of finance and accounting and an adequate number of personnel to properly
implement control procedures. In addition, while we have independent directors, we do not have an audit committee, resulting in ineffective
oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. These factors represent material weaknesses
in our internal controls over financial reporting. Although we believe the possibility of errors in our financial statements is remote
and expect to continue to use a third-party accountant to address shortfalls in staffing and to assist us with accounting and financial
reporting responsibilities in an effort to mitigate the lack of segregation of duties, until such time as we expand our staff with qualified
personnel, we expect to continue to report material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to the exemption
provided to issuers that are not large accelerated filers nor accelerated filers under the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS
THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

- 36 - 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth the name, age
and positions of our executive officers and directors. 

NAME 
 
 AGE 
 
 POSITION 
 
 Darin Myman 
 
 57 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 
 Peter Shelus 
 
 38 
 
 Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 Brett Blumberg 
 
 43 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Gabriel Daniels 
 
 38 
 
 Chief Information Officer 
 
 Gianfranco Lopane 
 
 37 
 
 Head of Business Development 
 
 Wayne Linsley 
 
 66 
 
 Director 
 
 Joseph Nelson 
 
 39 
 
 Director 
 
 Carly Schumer 
 
 34 
 
 Director 

The business background and certain other information
about our directors and executive officers is set forth below. 

Darin Myman - Chief Executive Officer
and Director 

Darin Myman has served as Chief Executive Officer
and Chairman of the board of directors since January 2015. Previously, Mr. Myman served as co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of Wally
World Media, Inc., (OTC:WLYW). He also has served as the Chief Executive Officer and a member of PeopleString s board of directors
since PeopleString s inception. Mr. Myman developed extensive Internet skills through a variety of positions. He has executive management
and founder experience having served as a co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of BigString Corporation, a publicly traded company,
since October 2005. He also has corporate governance and board experience having served as a member of BigString s board of directors
since BigString s inception. Prior to BigString, Mr. Myman was a co-founder and Chief Executive Officer of LiveInsurance.com, the
first online insurance broker that pioneered the electronic storefront for large national insurance agencies. Prior to co-founding LiveInsurance.com,
he served as a Vice President of the online brokerage services unit of Westminster Securities Corporation. We believe that Mr. Myman is
qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his background in business and experience in senior leadership and
as a board member of public companies. 

Peter Shelus - Chief Technology Officer
and Director 

Peter Shelus is a co-founder of DatChat and has
served as our Chief Technology Officer since January 2016 and a member of our board of directors since December 2022. Mr. Shelus has
over 10 years of ephemeral messaging and mobile video development experience. Mr. Shelus has been at the forefront of the secure messaging
industry, having served as a lead engineer for one of the first ephemeral messaging platforms, BigString, where he helped
develop the patented technology that became a cornerstone of self-destructing messaging. Mr. Shelus holds Bachelor of Science degree
in computer science from Rutgers University. We believe that Mr. Shelus is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because
of his experience in the secure messaging industry and background in technology engineering and development. 

Brett Blumberg Chief Financial
Officer 

Brett Blumberg has served as our Chief Financial
Officer since February 2022. Mr. Blumberg has extensive experience in finance and accounting. He is a certified public accountant and
has been a partner of the public accounting firm Jubran, Shorr Company since 2015. Mr. Blumberg was a senior accountant at
CohnReznick, LLP from 2013 to 2014. Prior to obtaining his CPA license Mr. Blumberg was a private banker at Wells Fargo and owned and
operated a Mortgage Brokerage/Banking Company, Canyon Financial Group, LLC from 2006 to 2012. He previously worked in recruitment and
talent acquisition for accounting and finance firms from 2000 to 2006. Mr. Blumberg holds a Bachelor of Art degree in economics and psychology
from SUNY Binghamton University. 

- 37 - 

Gabriel Daniels Chief Information
Officer 

Gabriel Daniels has served as our Chief Information
Officer since March 2021. Since May 2019, Mr. Daniels has served as the Co-Founder, President CEO of NGD Cybersecurity and Customer
Service Consultants LLC, a Minority-Woman Owned and Veteran Owned Business providing high-level technical, cyber commissioning, customer
service and project management consulting services for companies within the DHS 16 critical infrastructure. From April 2018 to April
2019, Mr. Daniels served as the Cybersecurity Program Manager at Chinook Systems, an engineering firm. From June 2017 to April 2018,
Mr. Daniels worked as a Senior Information Assurance Manager at Navstar Inc., an Information Technology Services firm. In
addition, since December of 2017, Mr. Daniels has worked as an adjunct professor at Northern Virginia (NoVA) Community College and Lord
Fairfax Community College, where he teaches classes such as introduction to telecommunications, cyberlaw, network attacks, computer crime
and hacking, and computer applications and concepts. Mr. Daniels is a 15-year U.S. Army and Navy veteran. While serving in the Army,
Mr. Daniels aided in the development of the Army s Strategic Cybersecurity and Cyber Incident Handling Response Plans.
Mr. Daniels holds a master s degree in cybersecurity and a bachelor s degree in marketing from the University of Maryland
University College. 

Gianfranco Lopane Head of Business
Development 

Gianfranco Lopane has served as our Head of Business
Development since February 2022 and President of our wholly-owned subsidiary, SmarterVerse, since July 2022. Since August 2018, Mr. Lopane
has served as the founder of Generiqo, a NFT, metaverse, and blockchain consulting company. From June 2020 to May 2021, Mr. Lopane served
as a senior account executive at XPO Logistics, Inc. From April 2017 to January 2020, Mr. Lopane served as a co-founder of Real World
Ads, an advertising network company for the metaverse. Mr. Lopane holds a Master s degree in commerce and marketing from EUDE Business
School in Madrid, Spain. 

Wayne D. Linsley Director 

Wayne D. Linsley has served as a member of the
board of directors since August 2021. Mr. Linsley has over 40 years of experience in business management. Since April 2020, Mr. Linsley
has served as a member of the board of directors of Hoth Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ: HOTH), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company
and since January 2020, he has served as a member of the board of directors of Silo Pharma, Inc. (NASDAQ: SILO) a biopharmaceutical company
focused on merging traditional therapeutics with psychedelic research. From 2014 to September 2021, Mr. Linsley served as the Vice President
of Operations at CFO Oncall, Inc., a company that provides financial reporting and controller services on an outsourced basis and previously,
from 2012 to 2014, Mr. Linsley worked at CFO Oncall, Inc. as an independent contractor. Mr. Linsley holds Bachelor of Science degree
in Business Administration from Siena College. We believe that Mr. Linsley is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors
because of his experience as a director of public companies and background in financial reporting. 

Joseph Nelson Director 

Joseph Nelson has served as a member of our board
of directors since August 2021. Since December 2017, Mr. Nelson has served as the Head of Investor Relations for GasLog Ltd., and GasLog
Partners LP, a leading international owner, operator and manager of liquefied natural gas carriers providing support to many of
the world s largest energy companies. From November 2014 to November 2017, Mr. Nelson served as an Equity Research Analyst at Credit
Suisse. From November 2013 to November 2014, Mr. Nelson worked as an Equity Research Analyst at Maxim Group. Mr. Nelson holds a Master
of Business Administration degree from New York University s Stern School of Business; a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry
and a Bachelor of Art degree in philosophy from the Stevens Institute of Technology. We believe that Mr. Nelson is qualified to
serve as a member of our board of directors because of his experience in investor relations and background in business and finance. 

- 38 - 

Carly Schumer Director 

Carly Schumer has served as a member of our board
of directors since August 2021. Since May 2011, Ms. Schumer has worked as a digital consultant at ShmeeLive. From May 2018 to June 2020,
Ms. Schumer served as a digital director for Lust For Life, LLC, a subsidiary of Renewable Energy Power, Inc. (OTCQB: RBNW). Ms.
Schumer has in-depth experience in ecommerce and digital industries with specializations in digital marketing campaign development, content
marketing strategy, SEO and paid media management. Her digital marketing background is rooted in inbound marketing strategies and her
approach focuses on listening to user needs and communicating to them via high quality content in order to attract return visitors and
engagements. Ms. Schumer specializes in working with start-up companies, across the technology, healthcare and fashion industries. Ms.
Schumer holds Bachelor of Art degree in arts, entertainment media management from Columbia College Chicago. We believe that
Ms. Schumer is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of her experience and background in digital marketing
for e-commerce and public companies. 

Family Relationships 

There are no family relationships among any of
our executive officers and directors. 

Arrangements between Officers and Directors 

Except as set forth herein, to our knowledge,
there is no arrangement or understanding between any of our officers or directors and any other person pursuant to which the officer
or director was selected to serve as an officer or director. 

Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings 

We are not aware of any of our directors or officers
being involved in any legal proceedings in the past ten years relating to any matters in bankruptcy, insolvency, criminal proceedings
(other than traffic and other minor offenses), or being subject to any of the items set forth under Item 401(f) of Regulation S-K. 

Committees of Our Board of Directors 

Our board of directors directs the management
of our business and affairs, as provided by Nevada law, and conducts its business through meetings of the board of directors and its
standing committees. We will have a standing audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee.
In addition, from time to time, special committees may be established under the direction of the board of directors when necessary to
address specific issues. 

Audit Committee . The audit committee is
appointed by the board to assist the board in its duty to oversee the Company s accounting, financial reporting and internal control
functions and the audit of the Company s financial statements. The role of the audit committee is to oversee management in the
performance of its responsibility for the integrity of the Company s accounting and financial reporting and its systems of internal
controls, the performance and qualifications of the Company s independent auditor, including the independent auditor s independence,
the performance of the Company s internal audit function; and the Company s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. 

Our audit committee consists of Wayne D. Linsley,
Carly Schumer and Joseph Nelson, with Mr. Linsley serving as chair. Our board of directors has affirmatively determined that each meet
the definition of independent director under the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market, and that they meet the independence
standards under Rule 10A-3. Each member of our audit committee meets the financial literacy requirements of Nasdaq rules. In addition,
our board of directors has determined that Wayne D. Linsley qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term
is defined in Item 407(d)(5) of Regulation S-K. Our board of directors adopted a written charter for the audit committee, which
is available on our principal corporate website at www.datchat.com . 

- 39 - 

Compensation Committee . The compensation
committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending, among other things: 

the adequacy and form of compensation of the board; 

the compensation of Chief Executive Officer, including base
salary, incentive bonus, stock option and other grant, award and benefits upon hiring and on an annual basis; 

the compensation of other senior management upon hiring and
on an annual basis; and 

the Company s incentive compensation and other equity-based
plans and recommending changes to such plans to our board of directors, when necessary. 

Our compensation committee will consists of Wayne
D. Linsley, Carly Schumer and Joseph Nelson, with Mr. Linsley serving as chair. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter
for the compensation committee, which is available on our principal corporate website at www.datchat.com . 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. We
do not have a designated nominating and corporate governance committee. Our independent directors, acting as a group, are responsible
for: 

Our nominating and corporate governance committee
is responsible for, among other things: 

developing criteria for membership on the board of directors
and committees; 

identifying individuals qualified to become members of the
board of directors; 

recommending persons to be nominated for election as directors
and to each committee of the board of directors; 

annually reviewing our corporate governance guidelines; and 

monitoring and evaluating the performance of the board of
directors and leading the board in an annual self-assessment of its practices and effectiveness. 

Our nominating and corporate governance committee
consists of Wayne D. Linsley, Carly Schumer and Joseph Nelson, with Mr. Linsley serving as chair. Our board of directors has adopted
a written charter for the nominating and corporate governance committee, which is available on our principal corporate website at www.datchat.com . 

Code of Business Code and Ethics Conduct 

We have adopted a written code of business conduct
and ethics that applies to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer,
principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of the code posted on our website, www.datchat.com .
In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law or rules concerning any amendments to, or waivers
from, any provision of the code. 

Anti-hedging 

We do not currently have a policy prohibiting
employees, officers, or directors from engaging in transactions that hedge or offset, or are designed to hedge or offset, any decrease
in the market value of the Company s equity securities. 

Changes in Nominating Procedures 

None. 

- 40 - 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The following table sets forth for the year ended
December 31, 2022, the compensation awarded to, paid to, or earned by, our Chief Executive Officer and two other most highly compensated
executive officers, whose total compensation during such years exceeded 100,000. We refer to these officers as our named executive
officers. 

Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 Option
 Awards 
 ) 1 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation 

 ) 
 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation
 Earnings 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total ) 

Darin Myman 
 2022 
 450,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 450,000 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 422,250 
 350,000 
 - 
 2,796,850 
 - 
 - 
 31,623 
 3,600,723 

Brett Blumberg 
 2022 
 52,500 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 52,500 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 

Peter Shelus 
 2022 
 268,750 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 268,750 
 
 Chief Technology Officer 
 2021 
 165,000 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 36,750 
 201,750 

1) On September 28, 2021, we granted 250,000 stock options to
our CEO. The options have a term of 5 years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of 35 per share. The options
vest 25 every six months from date of grant for two years. 

2) Other compensation was made up of health insurance expenses. 

Outstanding Equity
Awards at December 31, 2022 

The following table provides information regarding
option awards held by each of our named executive officers that were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. There were no stock awards
or other equity awards outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

OUTSTANDING EQUITY AWARDS AT 2022 FISCAL YEAR-END 
 
 OPTION AWARDS 
 STOCK AWARDS 
 
 Name 
 Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised options (#) Exercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned Options (#) 
 Option Exercise Price ) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock that have not Vested (#) 
 Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock that Have not Vested ) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights that have not Vested (#) 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or other Rights that have not Vested ) 
 
 Darin Myman 
 250,000 

35.00 
 9/28/2026 

- 41 - 

Non-Employee Director Compensation 

The following table presents the total compensation
for each person who served as a non-employee member of our Board of Directors and received compensation for such service during
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Other than as set forth in the table and described more fully below, we did not pay any
compensation, make any equity awards or non-equity awards to, or pay any other compensation to any of the non-employee members
of our Board of Directors in 2022. 

Name 
 Fees earned or paid in cash ) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Nonqualified deferred compensation earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total ) 
 
 Joseph Nelson 
 36,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 36,000 
 
 Carly Schumer 
 36,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 36,000 
 
 Wayne Linsley 
 60,000 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 0 
 60,000 

Employment Agreements 

On August 27, 2021, DatChat, Inc. (the Company entered into an agreement (the Employment Agreement with Darin Myman effective as of August 15, 2021 pursuant to which
Mr. Myman s (i) base salary will increase to 450,000 per year, and (ii) Mr. Myman shall be entitled to receive an annual bonus
in an amount up to 350,000, which annual bonus may be increased by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company
(the Compensation Committee ), in its sole discretion, upon the achievement of additional criteria established by the Compensation
Committee from time to time (the Annual Bonus ). In addition, pursuant to the Employment Agreement, upon termination of
Mr. Myman s employment for death or Total Disability (as defined in the Employment Agreement), in addition to any accrued but unpaid
compensation and vacation pay through the date of his termination and any other benefits accrued to him under any Benefit Plans (as defined
in the Employment Agreement) outstanding at such time and the reimbursement of documented, unreimbursed expenses incurred prior to such
termination date (collectively, the Payments ), Mr. Myman shall be entitled to the following severance benefits: (i) 24
months of his then base salary; (ii) if Mr. Myman elects continuation coverage for group health coverage pursuant to COBRA Rights (as
defined in the Employment Agreement), then for a period of 24 months following Mr. Myman s termination he will be obligated to
pay only the portion of the full COBRA Rights cost of the coverage equal to an active employee s share of premiums (if any) for
coverage for the respective plan year; and (iii) payment on a pro-rated basis of any Annual Bonus or other payments earned in connection
with any bonus plan to which Mr. Myman was a participant as of the date of his termination (together with the Payments, the Severance ).
Furthermore, pursuant to the Employment Agreement, upon Mr. Myman s termination (i) at his option (A) upon 90 days prior written
notice to the Company or (B) for Good Reason (as defined in the Employment Agreement), (ii) termination by the Company without Cause
(as defined in the Employment Agreement) or (iii) termination of Mr. Myman s employment within 40 days of the consummation of a
Change in Control Transaction (as defined in the Employment Agreement), Mr. Myman shall receive the Severance; provided, however, Mr.
Myman shall be entitled to a pro-rated Annual Bonus of at least 200,000. In addition, any equity grants issued to Mr. Myman shall immediately
vest upon termination of Mr. Myman s employment by him for Good Reason or by the Company at its option upon 90 days prior written
notice to Mr. Myman, without Cause. 

- 42 - 

Brett Blumberg Employment Agreement 

On February 15, 2022, the Company entered into
an employment agreement (the Blumberg Employment Agreement with Brett Blumberg effective as of February 15, 2022 pursuant
to which Mr. Blumberg will serve as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The term of the Blumberg Employment Agreement will continue
for a period of one year from the Effective Date and automatically renews for successive one year periods at the end of each term until
either party delivers written notice of their intent not to review at least 30 days prior to the applicable renewal date. Pursuant to
the terms of the Blumberg Employment Agreement, Mr. Blumberg (i) shall receive an annual base salary of 60,000 (effective as of February
15, 2022), (ii) shall be entitled to earn a bonus, subject to the sole discretion of the Company s Board and (iii) shall be eligible
to receive awards pursuant to the Company s equity incentive plans, subject to the sole discretion of the Company s compensation
committee. Mr. Blumberg is also entitled to participate in any and all Employee Benefit Plans (as defined in the Blumberg Employment
Agreement), from time to time, that are then in effect along with vacation, sick and holiday pay in accordance with the Company s
policies established and in effect from time to time. The Blumberg Employment Agreement may be terminated by either the Company or Mr.
Blumberg at any time and for any reason upon 10 days prior written notice. Upon termination of the Blumberg Employment Agreement, Mr.
Blumberg shall be entitled to (i) any equity award that has vested prior to the termination date, (ii) reimbursement of expenses incurred
on or prior to such termination date and (iii) such employee benefits to which Mr. Blumberg may be entitled as of the termination date
(collectively, the Accrued Amounts ). The Blumberg Employment Agreement shall also terminate upon Mr. Blumberg s death
or the Company may terminate Mr. Blumberg s employment upon his Disability (as defined in the Blumberg Employment Agreement). Upon
the termination of Mr. Blumberg s employment for death or Disability, Mr. Blumberg shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts.
The Blumberg Employment Agreement also contains covenants prohibiting Mr. Blumberg from disclosing confidential information with respect
to the Company. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
regarding beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock as of March 27, 2023 by (i) each person known to beneficially own more than
5 of our outstanding common stock, (ii) each of our directors, (iii) each of our named executive officers and (iv) all of our directors
and named executive officers as a group. Except as otherwise indicated, the persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment
power with respect to all shares beneficially owned, subject to community property laws, where applicable. 

Name 
 Shares 
 Percentage (2) 
 
 Directors, Director Nominees, Named Executive Officers and Named Executive Officer Nominees (1) 

Darin Myman(3) 
 1,951,775 
 9.56 
 
 Peter Shelus 
 1,000,000 
 4.94 
 
 Brett Blumberg 

Wayne D. Linsley(4) 
 43,750 

Joseph Nelson(4) 
 43,750 

Carly Schumer(4) 
 43,750 

All Director, Director Nominees, Named Executive Officers and Named Executive Officer Nominees as a group (6 persons) 
 3,083,025 
 15.0 

Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1 . 

(1) The address of each holder listed below, except as otherwise
indicated, is 204 Neilson Street, New Brunswick, New Jersey 08901. 

(2) 
 The calculation in this column is based upon 20,234,066 shares of common stock outstanding on March 27, 2023. Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to the subject securities. Shares of common stock that are currently exercisable or convertible within 60 days of March 27, 2023 are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person holding such securities for the purpose of computing the percentage beneficial ownership of such person, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage beneficial ownership of any other person. 

(3) 
 Includes 187,500 vested stock options 

(4) 
 Includes 43,750 of vested stock options 

- 43 - 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

The following table summarizes information about
our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022. 

Plan Category 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) 
 Weighted average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 
 
 Equity compensation plans approved by security holder 
 1,601,200 
 10.9 
 1,395,800 
 
 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holder 

Total 
 1,601,200 
 10.9 
 1,395,800 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The following includes a summary of transactions
during our fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 to which we have been a party, including transactions in which
the amount involved in the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end for the last
two completed fiscal years, and in which any of our directors, executive officers or, to our knowledge, beneficial owners of more than
5 of our capital stock or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons had or will have a direct or indirect material
interest, other than equity and other compensation, termination, change in control and other arrangements, which are described elsewhere
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are not otherwise a party to a current related party transaction, and no transaction is currently
proposed, in which the amount of the transaction exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average of our total assets at year-end
for the last two completed fiscal years and in which a related person had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

Except as described below and except for employment
arrangements which are described under executive compensation, since January 1, 2019, there has not been, nor is there currently
proposed, any transaction in which we are or were a participant, the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or 1 of the average
of the total assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and any of our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of our common
stock or any immediate family member of any of the foregoing had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. 

Our Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Darin Myman,
from time to time, provides advances to the Company for working capital purposes. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had a payable
to the officer of 1,315 and 203, respectively, which is presented as due to related party on the balance sheets. These advances are
short-term in nature and non-interest bearing. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, Mr. Myman provided advances
to the Company for working capital purposes totaling of 20,294 and 177,624 and the Company repaid 19,182 and 177,615 of these advances,
respectively. 

- 44 - 

Research and Development 

On July 19, 2022, the Company entered into a software
development agreement with Metabizz LLC Metabizz ), a company whose managing partner is also the Chief Innovation Officer
of Smarterverse, the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company paid Metabizz 514,957
for software development services which is included in research and development expense related party on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

Related Persons Transaction Policy 

We have adopted a formal policy regarding approval
of transactions with related parties. For purposes of our policy only, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or
relationship, or any series of similar transactions, arrangements or relationships, in which we and any related person are, were or will
be participants in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of our total assets at year-end for our last
two completed fiscal years. Transactions involving compensation for services provided to us as an employee or director are not covered
by this policy. A related person is any executive officer, director or beneficial owner of more than 5 of any class of our voting securities,
including any of their immediate family members and any entity owned or controlled by such persons. 

Under the policy, if a transaction has been identified
as a related person transaction, including any transaction that was not a related person transaction when originally consummated or any
transaction that was not initially identified as a related person transaction prior to consummation, our management must present information
regarding the related person transaction to our audit committee, or, if audit committee approval would be inappropriate, to another independent
body of our board of directors, for review, consideration and approval or ratification. The presentation must include a description of,
among other things, the material facts, the interests, direct and indirect, of the related persons, the benefits to us of the transaction
and whether the transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to or from, as the case may be, an unrelated third
party or to or from employees generally. Under the policy, we will collect information that we deem reasonably necessary from each director,
executive officer and, to the extent feasible, significant shareholder to enable us to identify any existing or potential related-person
transactions and to effectuate the terms of the policy. In addition, under our code of business conduct and ethics, our employees and
directors will have an affirmative responsibility to disclose any transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give
rise to a conflict of interest. In considering related person transactions, our audit committee, or other independent body of our board
of directors, will take into account the relevant available facts and circumstances including, but not limited to: 

the risks, costs and benefits to us; 

the impact on a director s independence in the event
that the related person is a director, immediate family member of a director or an entity with which a director is affiliated; 

the availability of other sources for comparable services
or products; and 

the terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated
third parties or to or from employees generally. 

The policy requires that, in determining whether
to approve, ratify or reject a related person transaction, our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of directors,
must consider, in light of known circumstances, whether the transaction is in, or is not inconsistent with, our best interests and those
of our shareholders, as our audit committee, or other independent body of our board of directors, determines in the good faith exercise
of its discretion. 

- 45 - 

Director Independence 

The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq requires that a majority of our board of directors must be composed of independent directors, which is defined generally
as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship, which,
in the opinion of the company s board of directors would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in
carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The board has determined that Wayne D. Linsley, Carly Schumer and Joseph Nelson are
 independent . Our board currently consists of three independent directors and two non-independent directors. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The following table sets forth the aggregate
fees billed by D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A. as described below: 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Audit Fees 
 68,238 
 62,000 
 
 Audit Related Fees 

Tax Fees 

All Other Fees 

Total 
 68,238 
 62,000 

(1) Audit Fees are paid for professional services rendered for
the audit of the Company s annual consolidated financial statements and reviews of the Company s unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements. 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

Our Board of Directors pre-approves all services
provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by our Board of Directors before
the respective services were rendered. 

Our Board of Directors has considered the nature
and amount of fees billed by our independent registered public accounting firm and believe that the provision of services for activities
unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining their respective independence. 

- 46 - 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 

(1) Financial Statements: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: 4048) 
 F-2 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 
 F-5 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7 

The consolidated financial statements required
by this Item are included beginning at page F-1. 

(1) Financial Statement Schedules: 

All financial statement schedules have been omitted
because they are not applicable, not required or the information required is shown in the consolidated financial statements or the notes
thereto. 

- 47 - 

(b) 
 Exhibits 

The following documents are included as exhibits
to this report. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Title of Document 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form S-1 filed on July 2, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 9, 2021) 
 
 3.3 
 
 Amendment No.1 to Amended and Restated Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 26, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 
 Certificate of Designation of Series A Preferred Stock (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 9, 2021) 
 
 3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 9, 2021) 
 
 3.6 
 
 Certificate of Change to Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 9 2021) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form of Series A Warrant Agent Agreement including Form of Series A Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 9, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Representative s Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 9, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 9, 2021) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 29, 2022, by and among DatChat, Inc., DatChat Patents I, Inc., DatChat Patents II, LLC, and Avila Security Corporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Form 8-K Filed on July 5, 2022) 
 
 10.2+ 
 
 Employment Agreement between the Company and Brett Blumberg (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2022) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Media Partnership Plan by and between, Datchat, Inc. and Bartsool Sports (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on October 13, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Statement of Work by and between, Datchat, Inc. and IZEA Worldwide, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on September 24, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of award agreements thereunder (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Form S-1/A filed on August 9, 2021) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) of the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File the cover page of the
 Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 is formatted in Inline XBRL 

Filed herewith. 

+ Indicates a management contract or any compensatory plan,
contract or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

Not applicable. 

- 48 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on this 31 st day of March, 2023. 

DATCHAT, INC. 

/s/ Darin Myman 

Darin Myman 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Brett Blumberg 

Brett Blumberg 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Darin Myman 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Darin Myman 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Brett Blumberg 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Brett Blumberg 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Peter Shelus 
 
 Chief Technology Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Peter Shelus 

/s/ Gabriel Daniels 
 
 Chief Information Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Gabriel Daniels 

/s/ Wayne D. Linsley 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Wayne D. Linsley 

/s/ Joseph Nelson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Joseph Nelson 

/s/ Carly Schumer 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Carly Schumer 

- 49 - 

DATCHAT, INC. 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

December 31, 2022 and 2021 

CONTENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and 
Stockholders of DatChat, Inc. 

Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of DatChat, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations,
stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and related notes (collectively referred to
as the consolidated financial statements). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

Critical audit matters are matters arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and
that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging,
subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there were no critical audit matters. 

. 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2016. 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments, at fair value 
 
 -

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Property and equipment, net 

Digital currencies and other digital assets 
 
 -

Operating lease right-of-use asset, net 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Contract liabilities 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: 

Operating lease liability, less current portion 

Total Long-Term Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 8) 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY: 

Preferred stock par value; shares authorized) 

Series A Preferred stock Par Value; Share authorized; none issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 -
 
 -

Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding on December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Common stock to be issued shares on December 31, 2022 and 2021) 
 -
 
 -

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

NET REVENUES 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Compensation and related expenses 

Marketing and advertising expenses 

Professional and consulting expenses 

Research and development expense - related party 

- 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment loss on intangible asset 

- 

Impairment loss on digital currencies and other digital assets 

- 

Total operating expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

() 

() 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest expense 

- 

() 
 
 Interest income 

Gain from forgiveness of debt 

- 

Realized gain on short-term investments 

- 

Unrealized gain on short-term investments 

- 

Total other income, net 

NET LOSS 

() 

() 

NET LOSS PER COMMON SHARE: 

Basic and diluted 

() 

() 

WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING: 

Basic and diluted 

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 to be Issued 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 -
 
 -

Sale of common stock, net of offering costs 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued for common stock issuable 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

Common stock issued for exercise of Series A warrants 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Common stock issued for services 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Stock-based compensation in connection with stock option grants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of stock-based compensation 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Fractional shares due to reverse split 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2021 
 -
 
 -

-

Accretion of stock based compensation in connection with stock option grants 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Accretion of stock-based professional fees in connection
 with stock option grants and shares 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Shares issued for asset acquisition 
 -
 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Net loss for the year 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, December 31, 2022 
 -
 
 -

-

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of right of use asset 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock-based professional fees 

Gain from extinguishment of debt 
 -

Impairment loss on intangible asset 
 
 -

Impairment loss on digital currencies and other digital assets 
 
 -

Non-cash digital currency and other digital assets fees 
 
 -

Non-cash revenue from sale of Venvuu NFT digital asset 
 
 -

Realized gain on short-term investments 
 
 -

Unrealized gain on short-term investments 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Contract liabilities 

Operating lease liability 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from sale of short-term investments 
 
 -

Purchase of short-term investments 
 
 -

Purchases of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of digital currencies and other digital assets 
 
 -

Purchases of digital currencies and other digital assets 
 
 -

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Advances from related party 

Payments on related party advances 

Repayment of notes payable - related party 
 -

Proceeds from exercise of Series A Warrants 
 -

Net proceeds from the sale of common stock 
 -

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - beginning of year 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - end of year 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 -
 
 -

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Digital currencies used to pay accounts payable 
 
 -

Common stock issued for future services 
 -

Subscription receivable from exercise of Series A warrants 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common shares for intangible assets 
 
 -

See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

shares (the Acquisition Shares of the Company s restricted stock.
The acquisition included intellectual property rights in blockchain based digital rights management and object sharing technology, including
encrypted WebRTC real-time video and audio streaming communications. Immediately following the merger, Merger Sub I was merged into Avila
and Merger Sub I was dissolved and Avila was merged into Merger Sub II. (See Note 3). Other than owning certain patents, Avila had no
operations or no employees and was not considered a business. 

and ,
respectively. Additionally, for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company used cash in operations of and ,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has an accumulated deficit of and has generated minimal revenues since
inception. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company received net proceeds of approximately million from the sale of
its securities in connection with initial public offering and gross proceeds of approximately million from the exercise of the Company s
Series A warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had working capital of . These events served to mitigate the conditions
that historically raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company believes the
proceeds raised during the year ended December 31, 2021 will provide sufficient cash flows to meet its obligations for a minimum of twelve
months from the date of this filing. 

F- 7 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

. On December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had
cash in excess of FDIC limits of approximately and , respectively. To reduce its risk associated with the failure
of such financial institution, the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.
Any material loss that the Company may experience in the future could have an adverse effect on its ability to pay its operational expenses
or make other payments and may require the Company to move its cash to other high quality financial institutions. Currently,
t he Company is reviewing its bank relationships in order to mitigate its risk to ensure that
its exposure is limited or reduced to the FDIC protection limits. 

-
 
 -

F- 8 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

and realized gain on short-term investments of are reported in
other income (expenses) on the consolidated statements of operations. 

, which consists of an impairment of digital currency of and impairment of virtual real estate of
 . 

F- 9 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

. See Notes 3 and 5 for additional
information regarding intangible assets. 

F- 10 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

NFT revenues 
 
 -

Total 

and are included in research and development expense related party on the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in marketing
and advertising expenses on the consolidated statements of operations. 

percent likely of being realized upon
settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefit associated with tax positions taken that exceed the amount
measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with
any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions
are all more likely than not to be upheld upon examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits. 

F- 11 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

Common stock options 

Total 

F- 12 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

Certificates of deposit 

Total short-term investments 

shares (the Acquisition Shares of the Company s common stock. These shares were valued at , or per share, based on the quoted closing price of
the Company s common stock on the measurement date. The acquisition included intellectual property rights in blockchain based digital
rights management and object sharing technology, including encrypted WebRTC real-time video and audio streaming communications. Immediately
following the merger, Merger Sub I was merged into Avila and Merger Sub I was dissolved and Avila was merged into Merger Sub
II. Other than owning certain patents, Avila had no operations or no employees and was not considered a business. 

common shares issued of as the fair value of the assets acquired since this value was more
clearly evident, and thus, more reliable measurable than the fair value of the patents acquired. (see Note 5) 

plus a pro rata share of operating expenses beginning January 2019. The base rent was subject to annual increases beginning the 2 nd 
and 3 rd lease year as defined in the lease agreement. In addition to the monthly base rent, the Company is charged separately
for common area maintenance which is considered a non-lease component. These non-lease component payments are expensed as incurred and
are not included in operating lease assets or liabilities. On August 27, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment agreement with
the same landlord to modify the facility lease to relocate and increase the square footage of the lease premises. The term of the lease
commenced on October 1, 2021 and will expire on with a new monthly base rent of plus a pro rata share of operating
expenses beginning January 2022. The base rent will be subject to annual increases beginning in the 2 nd and 3 rd 
lease year as defined in the amended lease agreement. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, rent expense amounted and
 , respectively, and was included in general and administrative expenses. 

F- 13 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

. The remaining lease term for
the operating lease is months and the incremental borrowing rate is (based on historical borrowing rates) on December 31,
2022. 

Less accumulated amortization 

Right-of-use asset, net 

Reduction of lease liability 

Total lease liability 

Less: current portion 

Long term portion of lease liability 

2024 

Total 

Less: present value discount 

Total operating lease liability 

shares of the Company s common stock. These shares were valued at ,
or per share, based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date. The acquisition included
patents for intellectual property rights in blockchain based digital rights management and object sharing technology, including encrypted
WebRTC real-time video and audio streaming communications (See Note 3). The Company was amortizing the patents over years. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, activities related to intangible assets is as follows: 

Less: amortization of patents 

Less: impairment of patents 

Intangible assets, net 
 -

. 

, which was included in general and administrative expenses on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

F- 14 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

and , respectively, which is presented as due to related party on the balance sheets. These advances are
short-term in nature and non-interest bearing. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, Mr. Myman provided advances
to the Company for working capital purposes totaling of and and the Company repaid and of these advances,
respectively. 

for software development services which is included in research and development expense related party on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. 

shares, of which are shares of common stock and are shares of preferred stock. 

Proportional adjustments for the Reverse Stock
Split were made to the Company s outstanding stock options, warrants and equity incentive plans. All share and per-share data and
amounts have been retroactively adjusted as of the earliest period presented in the consolidated financial statements to reflect the Reverse
Stock Split. 

shares of common stock for future issuances under the plan.
On December 19, 2022, Company held its 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, and the shareholders approved to amend the Company s
2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance thereunder to shares from . 

The Series A Preferred Stock does not convert into securities of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock does not contain any
redemption provision. In the event of liquidation of the Company, the holder of Series A Preferred shall not have any priority or preferences
with respect to any distribution of any assets of the Company and shall be entitled to receive equally with the holders of the Company s
common stock. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no Series A Preferred Stock outstanding. 

F- 15 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

shares of its common stock at per common share for gross proceeds of and net proceeds of
 after escrow fees related to private placement sale. 

shares of common stock to be issued. 

shares of the its common stock and Series A warrants (the Series
A Warrants to purchase up to shares of the its common stock for gross proceeds of , before deducting underwriting
discounts, commissions, and other offering expenses, including legal expenses related to the Offering of approximately which
are offset against the proceeds in additional paid in capital resulting in net proceeds to the Company of . The Offering closed
on August 17, 2021, and the underwriter subsequently exercised its over-allotment option, which closed on August 23, 2021. 

from the date of issuance at an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustment as provided therein. The Series
A Warrants contain a provision for cashless exercise. 

shares of common stock, or of the shares of common stock sold in the offering. The Representative s Warrants are exercisable
for a period of at any time on or after the six-month anniversary of the date of the Offering at an exercise price of 
per share, subject to adjustment. The Representative s Warrants contain a provision for cashless exercise. 

shares of common stock for consulting and professional services rendered. The Company valued these common shares at the fair
value of or per common share based on sales of common stock in the recent private placement. The Company recorded stock-based
consulting of which is included in professional and consulting expenses in the accompanying statements of operations for the
year ended December 31, 2021. 

shares of its common stock as consideration for the services provided. The Company valued these common shares
at a fair value of or per common share based on sales of common stock in the recent private placement. The Company recorded
stock-based consulting of which was included in professional and consulting expenses in the accompanying statements of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2021 and the remaining balance of as of December 31, 2021 was deferred and included as a contra-equity
account within additional paid in capital and was amortized into professional and consulting expenses during the year ended December 31,
2022. 

shares (the Acquisition Shares of the Company s common stock. These shares were value at , or per share, based on the quoted closing price of the
Company s common stock on the measurement date (See Note 3). 

F- 16 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

from the exercise of Series A Warrants, resulting in an aggregate issuance
of shares of common stock. 

Granted 

Exercised 

Balance on December 31, 2021 

Cancelled 

-

Balance on December 31, 2022 

Warrants exercisable on December 31, 2022 

. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to an officer, directors and consultants of the Company. The options each
have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest six months
from date of grant. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to officers, employees and consultants of the Company. The options have
a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest every six months
from date of grant for two years. On December 24, 2021, pursuant to a separation agreement, unvested option were cancelled due
to termination of an employee. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to an employee and consultants of the Company. The options have
a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest every six
months from date of grant for two years. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to officers and directors of the Company. The options have a
term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest every six months
from date of grant for two years. On December 24, 2021, pursuant to a separation agreement, unvested options were cancelled due
to termination of an employee (see below). 

F- 17 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

on December 30, 2021. Additionally, stock options
previously granted in August 2021 vested immediately and shall be exercisable until one year from the initial grant date. The total remaining
 options options was granted in August 2021 and option was granted in September 2021) which have not vested was
forfeited and cancelled. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to an employee of the Company. The options have a term of years from the date of
grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest every six months from date of grant for two years. 

and will record stock-based compensation expense over
the vesting period. Upon cancellation of unvested stock options, the fair value of these cancelled option will be reversed. 

The options have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options
vest every six months from date of grant for two years. The employee service date shall start on January 10, 2022 or the grant date
which is when the Company started recognizing stock-based compensation expenses. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to four newly hired employees of the Company. The options have a term of
 years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest every six months from
date of grant for two years. The employee service date shall start on January 19, 2022 or the grant date which is when the Company started
recognizing stock-based compensation expenses. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to employees and consultants of the Company. The options have a term of
 years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest every six months from
date of grant for two years. The stock options were valued at the grant date using a Black-Scholes option pricing model which will be
recognized as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting period. 

and will record stock-based compensation expense over
the vesting period. Upon cancellation of unvested stock options, the fair value of these cancelled option will be reversed. 

of which was recorded in compensation and related expenses
and was recorded in professional and consulting expenses as reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. During the
year ended December 31, 2022, accretion of stock-based expense related to stock options amounted to of which was
recorded in compensation and related expenses and was recorded in professional and consulting expenses as reflected in the consolidated
statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, a balance of remains to be expensed over future vesting periods related
to unvested stock options issued for services to be expensed over a weighted average period of years. 

F- 18 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

to years 

years 

Volatility 

to 

to 

Risk free interest rate 

to 

to 

Cancelled 

Balance on December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Cancelled 

-

Balance on December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable on December 31, 2022 

Options expected to vest 

Weighted average fair value of options granted during the year 

. 

F- 19 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

million of equity, equity derivatives, and equity linked instruments
of the Company. The Company shall pay compensation of of the total gross proceeds of the Offering and warrants equal to of the
aggregate number of shares of common stock sold in the Offering. The warrants will be exercisable during the four- and half-year period
commencing 6 months from the effective date of the Offering at a price equal to of the public offering price per share of common
stock. In addition, the Company shall pay broker dealer cash fee of the amount of capital raised from private equity placements and
 broker dealer cash fee of the amount capital raised from debt placements. On August 17, 2021, the Company completed its initial public
offering, in which the Company issued shares of its common stock and Series A warrants (the Series A Warrants to purchase up to shares of its common stock for gross proceeds of approximately . As such, the Company paid the
consulting company of the total gross proceeds of the Offering and warrants equal to of the aggregate number of shares of common
stock sold in the Offering (see Note 7). 

million and was expensed to marketing and advertising expense during the year ended December 31,
2021. 

million and was expensed to marketing and advertising expense during the year ended December
31, 2021. 

per share for 30 consecutive business days. In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810, the Company has a
period of 180 calendar days, or until April 12, 2023, to regain compliance with the minimum bid price requirement. To regain compliance,
the closing bid price of the Company s common stock must meet or exceed per share for at least 10 consecutive business days
during this 180 calendar day period. In the event the Company does not regain compliance by April 12, 2023, the Company may be eligible
for an additional 180 calendar day grace period if it meets the continued listing standards, with the exception of bid price, for The
Nasdaq Capital Market, and the Company provides written notice to Nasdaq of its intention to cure the deficiency during the second compliance
period. Although the Company may effect a reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock in the future, there can be no
assurance that such reverse stock split will enable the Company to regain compliance with the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirement. 

F- 20 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

for income tax purposes as of December 31, 2022. The net operating losses carry forward for United
States income taxes, which may be available to reduce future years taxable income. Management believes that the realization of
the benefits from these losses appears unlikely due to the Company s limited operating history and continuing losses for United
States income tax purposes. Accordingly, the Company has provided a valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset resulting from
the net operating losses to reduce the asset to zero. Management will review this valuation allowance periodically and make adjustments
as necessary. 

Income tax benefit State 

Non-deductible (income) expenses 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total provision for income tax 
 -

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 

of available net operating
losses, begins to expire in and which were generated after 2018 can be utilized indefinitely subject to annual
usage limitations. 

and in years 2022 and 2021. 

F- 21 

DATCHAT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DECEMBER 31, 2022 and
2021 

million of the Company s common stock (the
 2023 Stock Repurchase Program ). In connection with the 2023 Stock Repurchase Program, As of March 29, 2023, the Company
purchased shares of its common stock for , or at an average price of per share. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to the Company s board of directors. The options each have a term
of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest six months from date of
grant. 

options to purchase the Company s common stock to an officers, employees and consultants of the Company. The options
each have a term of years from the date of grant and are exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The options vest every
six months from date of grant for years. 

shares of its common stock
for , which is of the issued and outstanding common shares if SmarterVerse. The Company will account for it noncontrolling interest
in accordance with ASC Topic 810-10-45, which requires the Company to present noncontrolling interests as a separate component of total
shareholders equity on the consolidated balance sheets and the consolidated net loss attributable to its noncontrolling interest
be clearly identified and presented on the face of the consolidated statements of operations. 

shares of its common stock as consideration for the services provided. The Company valued these common shares at a fair
value of or per common share based on the quoted closing price of the Company s common stock on the measurement date.
The Company shall record stock-based professional fees over the term of the agreement. 

F-22 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex23-1_datchatinc.htm
 CONSENT

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference to the Registration
Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-268058) of DatChat, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial
statements of DatChat, Inc. which appear in this Form 10-K for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

We also consent to the reference to us under the caption Experts 
in the Prospectus. 

/s/ D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, P.A. 

 D. Brooks and Associates CPAs, Palm Beach Gardens,
FL 

 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_datchatinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Darin Myman, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DatChat,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other
financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I
have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Darin Myman 

Name: 
 Darin Myman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_datchatinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Brett Blumberg, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of DatChat,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Brett Blumberg 

Name: 
 Brett Blumberg 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_datchatinc.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the
Annual Report of DatChat, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ),
the undersigned, Darin Myman and Brett Blumberg, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Darin Myman 

Name: 
 Darin Myman 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 
 /s/ Brett Blumberg 

Name: 
 Brett Blumberg 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 dats-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 dats-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 dats-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 dats-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 dats-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

