<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230224_10-K_edgar_data_1574540_0001574540-23-000026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>26795914</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>472347</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>5112903</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9092542</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5899865</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5819776</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001574540-23-000026.hdr.sgml : 20230224
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224083711
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001574540-23-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230224
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Physicians Realty Trust
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574540
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				462519850
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36007
		FILM NUMBER:		23662557

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		309 N. WATER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		414-367-5600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		309 N. WATER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53202

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001574540-23-000026.txt : 20230224

10-K
 1
 doc-20221231.htm
 10-K

doc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 I ndicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 4262(b)) by the registered accounting firm that prepared or issues its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The aggregate market value of Physicians Realty Trust s common shares held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 was approximately based upon the closing price reported for such date on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 
 As of February 14, 2023, there were shares of Physicians Realty Trust s common shares outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

PHYSICIANS REALTY TRUST 
 
 Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I 
 4 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 23 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 Item 2. Properties 
 45 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 PART II 
 48 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 49 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 50 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 103 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 103 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 103 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 103 
 PART III 
 104 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 104 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 104 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 104 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 104 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 104 
 PART IV 
 105 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 105 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 106 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements made pursuant to safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts may be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. In particular, statements pertaining to our capital resources, property performance and results of operations contain forward-looking statements. Likewise, all of our statements regarding anticipated growth in our funds from operations and anticipated market conditions, demographics and results of operations are forward-looking statements. You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking terminology such as believe, expect, outlook, continue, project, may, will, should, seek, approximately, intend, plan, pro forma, estimate, or anticipate or the negative of these words and phrases or similar words or phrases which are predictions of or indicate future events or trends and which do not relate solely to historical matters. You can also identify forward-looking statements by discussions of strategy, plans, expectations, or intentions. 
 
 These forward-looking statements reflect the views of our management regarding current expectations and projections about future events and are based on currently available information. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve numerous risks and uncertainties and you should not rely on them as predictions of future events. Forward-looking statements depend on assumptions, data, or methods which may be incorrect or imprecise and we may not be able to realize them. We do not guarantee that the transactions and events described will happen as described (or that they will happen at all). The following factors, among others, could cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements: 
 
 general economic conditions, including inflation and recession; 
 
 changes in our business or strategy; 
 
 our ability to operate as a public company; 
 
 adverse economic or real estate developments, either nationally or in the markets where our properties are located; 
 
 our geographic concentration in Texas may cause us to be particularly exposed to downturns in the Texas economy or other changes in Texas market conditions; 
 
 our concentration of investment in health care properties; 
 
 the disruption of our business and the compromise of confidential information resulting from cybersecurity attacks, breaches, and other incidents; 
 
 any adverse effects to the business, financial position or results of operations of CommonSpirit Health CommonSpirit ), or one or more of the CommonSpirit-affiliated tenants, that impact the ability of CommonSpirit-affiliated tenants to pay us rent; 
 
 the degree and nature of our competition; 
 
 competition for investment opportunities; 
 
 difficulties in identifying health care properties to acquire and completing acquisitions; 
 
 the unknown duration and economic, operational, and financial impacts of the global outbreak of a novel strain of the coronavirus and any variants that have emerged or that may emerge in the future, (the COVID-19 pandemic and the actions taken by governmental authorities or others in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic will have on the Company s business; 
 
 changes in health care laws or government reimbursement rates; 
 
 decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates; 
 
 defaults on or non-renewal of leases by tenants; 
 2 

the potential impact of severe weather events and climate change; 
 
 our failure to generate sufficient cash flows to service, pay down, or refinance our indebtedness or make distributions on our common shares; 
 
 fluctuations and increases in interest rates and operating costs; 
 
 the availability, terms, and issuance of debt and equity capital, including our unsecured revolving credit facility; 
 
 general volatility of the market price of our common shares; 
 
 our dependence upon key personnel whose continued service is not guaranteed; 
 
 our ability to identify, hire, and retain highly qualified personnel in the future; 
 
 the impact of our investments in joint ventures we have made and may make in the future; 
 
 the financial condition and liquidity of, or disputes with, any joint venture and development partners with whom we may make co-investments in the future; 
 
 changes in governmental regulations or interpretations thereof, such as real estate and zoning laws and increases in real property tax rates, taxation of real estate investment trusts REITs ), and similar matters; 
 
 our failure to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 
 limitations imposed on our business and our ability to satisfy complex rules in order for us to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 
 changes in accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP 
 
 lack of or insufficient amounts of insurance; 
 
 other factors affecting the real estate industry generally; and 
 
 other factors that may materially adversely affect us, or the per share trading price of our common shares, including: 
 
 the number of our common shares available for future issuance or sale; 
 our issuance of equity securities or the perception that such issuance might occur; 
 future debt; 
 failure of securities analysts to publish research or reports about us or our industry; and 
 securities analysts downgrade of our common shares or the health care-related real estate sector. 
 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes after the date of this report, except as required by applicable law. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements that are based on information currently available to us or the third parties making the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Factors that may cause actual results and future events to differ materially from those set forth or contemplated in the forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those discussed in Item 1 - Business, Item 1A - Risk Factors, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this report and our other filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 
 As used in this report, unless the context otherwise requires, references to we, us, our, and the Company refer to Physicians Realty Trust (the Trust ), a Maryland real estate investment trust, and Physicians Realty L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), a Delaware limited partnership and the consolidated subsidiary of the Trust through which we conduct our business. 
 3 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Overview 
 
 Physicians Realty Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust, and Physicians Realty L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, were organized in April 2013 to acquire, selectively develop, own, and manage health care properties that are leased to physicians, hospitals, and health care delivery systems. References to the Operating Partnership mean collectively the Operating Partnership together with its consolidated subsidiaries. We completed our initial public offering IPO in July 2013. The Trust s common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE and the Trust is included in the MSCI US REIT Index and the S P MidCap 400. 
 
 We have grown our consolidated portfolio of gross real estate investments from approximately 124 million at the time of our IPO to approximately 5.8 billion as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated portfolio consisted of 277 health care properties (which excludes our Corporate headquarters) located in 32 states with approximately 15,528,879 net leasable square feet, of which approximately 95 was leased with a weighted average remaining lease term of approximately 5.5 years. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 90 of the net leasable square footage of our portfolio was either on the campus of a hospital or strategically affiliated with a health system. 
 
 We receive a cash rental stream from health care providers under our leases. Approximately 93 of the annualized base rent payments from our properties as of December 31, 2022 are from absolute net or triple-net leases pursuant to which the tenants are responsible for operating expenses subject to specific lease terms relating to the property, including, but not limited to, real estate taxes, utilities, property insurance, routine maintenance and repairs, and property management. These lease structures insulate us from increases in most operating expenses, especially increases in operating expenses that are beyond our control, and provide relatively predictable cash flow. Approximately 6 of the annualized base rent payments from our properties as of December 31, 2022 are from modified gross leases that allow us to recover operating expenses that exceed certain base year operating expense thresholds in such leases, thus protecting us from increases in operating expenses. 
 
 We seek to structure our leases to generate attractive returns on a long-term basis. Our leases typically have initial terms of 5 to 15 years and include annual rent escalators of approximately 1.5 to 4.0 , with an annual weighted average rent escalator of approximately 2.4 . Certain of the Company s leases include provisions indexing annual rent escalators to changes in the Consumer Price Index CPI ), often with a floor or ceiling. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 5.7 of the Company s annual rent escalators have CPI provisions. Our operating results depend significantly on the ability of our tenants to make required rental payments. We believe that our portfolio of medical office buildings and other health care facilities will enable us to generate stable cash flows over time because of the diversity of our tenants, the creditworthiness of our tenants, a staggered lease expiration schedule, long-term leases, and low historical occurrence of tenants defaulting under their leases. 
 
 4 

As of December 31, 2022, leases representing a percentage of our consolidated portfolio on the basis of leased square feet will expire as follows: 
 Year Portfolio Lease Expirations MTM (1) 1.3 2023 4.7 2024 5.5 2025 7.0 2026 22.8 2027 11.7 2028 12.0 2029 6.2 2030 5.7 2031 6.7 2032 8.3 Thereafter 8.1 Total 100.0 
 (1) MTM means month-to-month. This line also includes 12 leases which expired on December 31, 2022, representing 0.9 of leased square feet. 
 
 We invest in real estate that is integral to providing high-quality health care services. Our properties are typically located on a campus with a hospital or other health care facilities or strategically affiliated with a hospital or other health care system. We believe the impact of government programs and continuing trends in the health care industry create attractive opportunities for us to invest in health care-related real estate. Our management team has significant health care real estate experience and has long-established relationships with physicians, hospitals, and health care delivery system decision makers who we believe will provide quality investment and growth opportunities. Our principal investments include medical office buildings MOBs ), ambulatory surgery centers ASCs ), outpatient treatment facilities, and other real estate integral to health care providers. We seek to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders through a combination of stable and increasing cash flow and potential long-term appreciation in the value of our properties and our common shares. 
 
 The Trust is a Maryland real estate investment trust and elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We conduct our business through an umbrella partnership REIT structure in which our properties and our ownership interest in joint ventures are owned by our Operating Partnership directly or through limited partnerships, limited liability companies, or other subsidiaries. The Trust is the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership and, as of February 14, 2023, owned approximately 96 of the Operating Partnership Units OP Units ). 

Our Objectives and Growth Strategy 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our principal business objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders through a combination of (i) sustainable and increasing rental revenue and cash flow that generate reliable, increasing dividends, and (ii) potential long-term appreciation in the value of our properties and common shares. 
 
 Our primary strategy to achieve our business objective is to utilize our physician and hospital relationships nationwide to identify off-market opportunities in which to invest and own, to manage a diversified portfolio of high-quality health care properties, and to understand our tenants real estate strategies, which we believe will drive high retention, high occupancy, and reliable, increasing rental revenue cash flow and growth. 
 
 We intend to grow our portfolio of high-quality health care properties leased to physicians, hospitals, health care delivery systems, and other health care providers primarily through acquisitions of existing health care facilities and development of new health care facilities that provide or will provide stable revenue growth and predictable long-term cash flows. We may also selectively finance the development of new health care facilities with premier health care real estate developers. Generally, we expect to make investments in new development properties, whether self-developed or through third party developers, when approximately 80 or more of the development property has been pre-leased before construction commences. We seek to invest in properties where we can develop strategic alliances with financially sound health care 
 5 

providers and health care delivery systems that offer need-based health care services in sustainable health care markets. We focus our investment activity on MOBs, ASCs, outpatient treatment facilities, and other real estate integral to health care providers. 
 
 We may from time to time also make investments in other health care properties. We believe that trends such as shifting consumer preferences, limited space in hospitals, the desires of patients and health care providers to limit non-essential services provided in a hospital setting, and cost considerations continue to drive the industry towards performing more procedures in outpatient facilities instead of hospital settings. As these trends continue, we believe that demand for MOBs and similar health care properties away from hospital settings and in convenient locations to patients will continue to rise. We intend to exploit this trend and favor outpatient facilities consistent with our investment philosophy and strategies. 
 
 While not our focus, we may decide to invest opportunistically in life science facilities, senior housing properties, skilled nursing facilities, specialty hospitals, and treatment centers. Consistent with the Trust s qualification as a REIT, we may also opportunistically invest in companies that provide health care services, and in joint ventures with operating partners structured to comply with the REIT Investment Diversification Act of 2007 RIDEA ). 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have grown our consolidated portfolio of gross real estate investments to approximately 5.8 billion while maintaining a conservative balance sheet. For short-term funding purposes, we may borrow from our unsecured credit facility. From time to time, we replace these borrowings with long-term capital such as senior unsecured notes, equity, and alternative securities. We may selectively utilize capital market transactions in furtherance of our investment strategy. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 
 We are focused on maintaining and expanding our portfolio of high-quality health care properties leased to physicians, hospitals, health care delivery systems, and other health care providers. Our strategy includes the following key attributes: 
 
 We seek to invest in properties occupied by health care systems with dominant market shares and high credit quality, especially those who are investing capital in their facilities. In particular, we seek to acquire off-market or selectively marketed assets with attractive demographics, economic growth, and high barriers to entry. We seek to own well-occupied properties that we believe are critical to the delivery of health care by affiliated hospital providers in desirable locations. 
 We emphasize ensuring an appropriate and balanced mix of tenants and practices to provide synergies within individual buildings and broader health system campuses. Our primary tenants are health care systems, academic medical centers, and leading physician groups, which typically have strong and stable financial performance. We believe this helps ensure stability in our rental income and tenant retention over time. 
 We seek to maintain a core, critical portfolio of properties and to build our reputation as a leading dedicated MOB owner and operator. 
 We seek to maintain or increase our average rental rates, actively lease our vacant space, and reduce leasing concessions. 
 We also intend to grow our portfolio through the development of new health care facilities. We may also selectively finance the development of new health care facilities with premier health care real estate developers. Generally, we expect to make investments in new development properties, whether self-developed or through third party developers, when approximately 80 or more of the development property has been pre-leased before construction commences. 
 
 We seek to invest in properties where we can develop strategic alliances with financially sound health care providers and health care delivery systems that offer need-based health care services in sustainable health care markets and consider the potential for long-term relationships and repeat business when assessing acquisition potential. 
 
 We actively manage our balance sheet to maintain our investment grade credit rating, to maintain an appropriate level of leverage, and to preserve financing flexibility for funding of future acquisitions. In particular, we: 
 
 Seek to maintain a high level of liquidity, including borrowing availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 Maintain access to multiple sources of capital, including private and public debt markets, public equity markets, bank loan markets, and private equity and joint venture partners. 
 Periodically review our portfolio to consider the potential dispositions of lower quality properties to reinvest the proceeds into higher quality properties. 
 Closely monitor our existing debt maturities and average interest rates, and identify refinancing opportunities. 
 6 

Sustainability Strategy 
 
 Since our founding in 2013, the Company has established a track record of environmental stewardship, value creation at the community level, and strong governance. We are also committed to increased transparency and accountability through public disclosure. We believe that sustainable investments are investments in a brighter future. We are committed to being a leader in Environmental, Social, and Governance ESG performance in the real estate industry. Our ESG Committee, a management and employee-led committee, formed in 2018, is overseen by our Executive Vice President of Asset Management, who reports to the Company s President and CEO. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our Board of Trustees Board provides Board-level oversight of the ESG Committee. Company employees from every workgroup are represented on the ESG Committee. We began issuing our annual ESG Reports in June of 2020. 
 
 Our ESG achievements in 2022 include the following: 
 
 Achieved a GRESB Public Disclosure Level score of 98 out of 100, ranking first in our health care comparison group; 
 Earned a Green Star rating and a score of 75 out of 100 from the Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) for the second consecutive year; 
 Recognized with a 2022-2023 Green Lease Leaders Platinum Certification by the Institute for Market Transformation (IMT) and the DOE Better Buildings Alliance, the only health care REIT attaining this designation; 
 Merited ENERGY STAR Certification Nation Premier Member status by receiving 16 new property certifications, totaling 26 certifications since 2021; 
 Earned 10 new Institute of Real Estate Management (IREM Certified Sustainable Property designations, totaling 38 certifications since 2019; 
 Achieved an ISS ESG Corporate Prime rating, recognizing our dedication to ESG performance and disclosure; 
 Honored as a Modern Healthcare Best Places to Work for the second consecutive year; and 
 Recognized as a Top Workplaces recipient from the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel for the fifth consecutive year. 
 
 More recently, in January 2023, we were named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index as a first-time submitter. 
 
 We are committed to giving back to the communities we serve. In 2022, the Company provided more than 408,800 in philanthropic, fundraising, and in-kind donations to community and health care provider organizations, benefiting their research and mission initiatives, surpassing our 2022 goal of 375,000 by 9 . 
 
 Under the Company s volunteer time off employee benefit program and Company volunteerism efforts, our employees contributed approximately 902 hours of community service in 2022. Employees are encouraged to spend a day - with pay - volunteering for an organization in their home community. In addition, the Company organizes volunteer service opportunities as a corporate outing, benefiting charitable causes while building teamwork, leadership skills, and fostering our Company culture. For more details on our social responsibility strategies, see the discussion under Item 1 - Business under Human Capital Management. 
 
 Sustainability Accounting Standards Board SASB 
 
 The Real Estate Sustainability Accounting Standard issued by SASB proposes sustainability accounting metrics designed for disclosure in mandatory filings. SASB recommendations serve as the framework against which we have aligned our disclosures for sustainability information. 
 
 Energy and water data is collected from utility bills and submeters and assured by a third party. The recommended energy and water management activity metrics for the real estate industry include: 
 
 energy consumption data coverage as a percentage of floor area Energy Use Intensity 
 total energy consumed by portfolio area Total Energy Consumption 
 water withdrawal as a percentage of total floor area Water Intensity and 
 total water withdrawn by portfolio area Total Water Consumption ). 
 
 7 

The charts below detail our Energy Intensity, Total Energy Consumption, Water Intensity, and Total Water Consumption for 2018 through 2021, for which data on occupied and actively managed properties was available. Total energy use is presented in gigajoules GJ ), and total water is presented per thousand cubic meters M 3 ). (1) 

(1) Full 2022 calendar year energy and water data will not be available to be assured by a third party until the second quarter of 2023. 2021 is the most recent year for which complete energy and water data is available and assured by a third party. The charts reflect the performance of 4.5 million square feet as of December 31, 2021, which was approximately 27 of our portfolio and approximately 39 of our actively managed portfolio. The energy scope includes energy produced from fuel, gas, district cooling, and electricity. The water scope includes irrigation and domestic water. 
 
 Energy Reduction Strategy 
 
 Energy reduction is a significant part of our capital improvement strategy as well as our property management training and engagement. We proactively track our assets to determine where capital upgrades, such as LED retrofits and building control systems optimizations, will maximize our efficiency impact. 
 
 Water Reduction Strategy 
 
 The Company utilizes water management policies, low-flow fixtures, and tenant education as part of our long-term mitigation strategies. We also work to optimize property irrigation systems based upon weather conditions and other environmental factors. 
 
 Climate Change Adaptation 
 
 Approximately 229,100 square feet of the 4.5 million square feet referenced in the chart above, representing three of our medical office buildings, are located in 100-year flood zones designated by the U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency FEMA as special flood hazard areas SFHA ). No other tracked properties are located in a SFHA. 
 
 Climate Resilience 
 
 We are focused on climate preparedness as part of our sustainability strategy. As a long-term owner and active manager of our real estate assets, we proactively identify climate risks and implement preventive measures to combat these risks. Responsibility for these measures is distributed across several departments within the Company, including Executive Leadership, Asset Management, Construction and Project Management, Leasing, Marketing and Communications, and Property Management. In 2020, the Company implemented certain recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosure TCFD and expanded these efforts in 2021. By utilizing data provided by an independent third party expert, the team identified properties exposed to climate risks in seven key categories: flood, earthquake, heat stress, hurricane, sea-level rise, water stress, and wildfire. In addition, we identified the properties with a Red Flag or High risk in any of the above categories and committed to creating a mitigation plan for each affected location. Our annual ESG Report is prepared in alignment with TCFD and includes details on these risks and subsequent mitigation plans. 
 
 8 

Reporting 
 
 A notable part of our sustainability platform is transparent reporting of ESG performance indicators, as we recognize the importance of this information to investors and other key stakeholders in understanding how the Company assesses sustainability information and evaluates risks and opportunities. We publish an annual ESG report that is aligned with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) reporting standards and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The Company s ESG Report includes our strategy, key performance indicators, annual like-for-like comparisons, and achievements. The report is available on our website at http://www.docreit.com/esg. Information contained on our website is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ISOS Group, Inc. conducted an independent third-party, moderate-level assurance of environmental data, including energy, water, waste, and greenhouse gas emissions calculations for the calendar year ended December 31, 2021. This moderate assurance engagement was performed under the AccountAbility 1000 Assurance Standard (AA1000AS) and with reference to ISO 14064-3: Specification with guidance for the validation and assurance of greenhouse gas assertions, World Resources Institute (WRI)/World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, and WRI/WBCSD The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: Corporate Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting Standard. 

Our Industry and Market Opportunity 
 
 The nature of health care delivery continues to evolve due to the impact of government programs, regulatory changes and consumer preferences. We believe these changes have increased the need for capital among health care providers and increased pressure on these providers to integrate more efficient real estate solutions in order enhance the delivery of quality health care. In particular, we believe the following factors and trends are creating an attractive environment in which to invest in health care properties. 
 
 4.5 Trillion Health Care Industry Projected to Grow to 6.8 Trillion (19.6 of U.S. GDP by 2030) 
 
 According to the U.S. Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), health care spending accounted for 19.7 of U.S. gross domestic product GDP in 2020. Near-term National Health Expenditure NHE patterns have been significantly influenced by the COVID-19 pandemic. According to CMS National Health Expenditure Projections 2021-2030, NHE growth in 2021 was projected to slow to 4.2 percent (down from 9.7 percent growth in 2020) as federal COVID-19 supplemental funding declined substantially. Following the declines observed in 2020 health care utilization is expected to rebound and normalize through 2024. The general aging of the population, driven by the Baby Boomer generation and advances in medical technology and services, which increase life expectancy, are expected to continue to be key drivers of the growth in health care expenditures. The anticipated continuing increase in demand for health care services, together with an evolving complex and costly regulatory environment, changes in medical technology and reductions in government reimbursements are expected to pressure capital-constrained health care providers to find cost effective solutions for their real estate needs. 
 
 We believe the demand by health care providers for health care real estate will increase as health care spending in the United States rebounds and continues to increase. According to the CMS National Health Expenditure Projections 2021-2030, NHEs are projected to grow 5.1 percent per year to 6.8 trillion by 2030, resulting in a projected NHE share of GDP of 19.6 in 2030. 
 9 

Source: Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, Office of the Actuary 
 
 Aging Population 
 
 The aging of the U.S. population has a direct effect on the demand for health care as older persons generally utilize health care services at a rate well in excess of younger people. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the U.S. population over 65 years of age is projected to more than double from 49.2 million to nearly 94.7 million, and the 85 and older population is expected to almost triple, from 6.4 million to 19.0 million, between 2016 and 2060. Also, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, the number of older Americans is growing as a percentage of the total U.S. population with the number of persons older than 65 estimated to comprise 15.2 of the total U.S. population in 2016 and projected to grow to more than 20 by 2030. 
 
 We believe health care expenditures for the population over 65 years of age will continue to rise as a disproportionate share of health care dollars is spent on older Americans. To illustrate, in 2012 the elderly (65+ years old) represented only 14 of the population while accounting for 34 of all health care-related spending. We believe the older population group increasingly will require treatment and management of chronic and acute health ailments and that this increased demand for health care services will create a substantial need for additional medical office buildings and other facilities that serve the health care industry in many regions of the United States. Additionally, we believe there will likely be a focus on lowering the cost of outpatient care for the aging U.S. population, which will continue to support medical office and outpatient facility property demand in the long term. For example, beginning in 2019, CMS expanded the list of procedures that can be performed and reimbursed in outpatient surgery centers to include 12 cardiac catheterization diagnostic procedures and 5 ancillary procedures. CMS further expanded the list of services for 2023. We believe these trends will result in a substantial increase in the demand for health care space in our facilities and the number of properties meeting our investment criteria. 
 
 We believe advances in medical technology will continue to enable health care providers to identify and treat once fatal illnesses and improve the survival rate of critically ill and injured patients who will require continuing medical care in outpatient medical office buildings. 
 10 

U.S. Population Over 65 Years Old 
 
 Source: U.S. Census Bureau 
 
 Affordable Care Act 
 
 The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 (the Affordable Care Act constituted a significant overhaul of many aspects of health care regulations and health insurance and created new features in the framework for health care services over the near term. It required every American to have health insurance or be subjected to a tax. Those who cannot afford health insurance are offered insurance subsidies or Medicaid coverage. On December 14, 2018, a federal district court in Texas ruled that the Affordable Care Act s individual mandate was unconstitutional. The United States Supreme Court dismissed the Texas case and upheld the Affordable Care Act in June 2021; however, we expect challenges to the Affordable Care Act may continue. 
 
 The U.S. Census Bureau estimated that approximately 50 million Americans did not have health care insurance in 2009, before the Affordable Care Act was enacted. The U.S. Census Bureau calculated that in 2021, approximately 27.2 million Americans did not have health insurance, continuing a trend after passage of the Affordable Care Act to reduce the number of uninsured and representing a decrease in the uninsured rate from 2020 (28.3 million). The Affordable Care Act and subsequent legislation, executive orders and events, as well as their potential impact on our business, are discussed more fully under Item 1 - Business, under the caption Certain Government Regulations. 
 
 We believe an increase in the number of Americans with access to health insurance would result in an increase in physician office visits and an overall rise in health care utilization which in turn will drive a need for expansion of medical, outpatient, and smaller specialty hospital facilities. We also believe the increased dissemination of health research through media outlets, marketing of health care products, and availability of advanced screening techniques and medical procedures have contributed to a more engaged population of health care users and has created increased demand for customized facilities providing specialized, preventive, and integrative health care services. With the growth of electronic health care information transmission, physician offices increasingly engage with patients through telehealth. Health care payors, including Medicare, are beginning to reimburse for telehealth services when medical information is transmitted and used between patients and physicians. Telehealth services have also expanded as a result of COVID-19 and the need for social distancing, a trend we expect to continue following the end of the COVID-19 public health emergency. 
 
 We further believe the provisions of the Affordable Care Act that are designed to lower certain reimbursement amounts under Medicare and tie reimbursement levels to the quality of services provided will increase the pressure on health care providers to become more efficient in their business models, invest capital in their businesses, lower costs and improve the quality of care, which in turn will drive health care systems to monetize their real estate assets and create demand for new, modern and specialized facilities. 
 
 11 

Clinical Care Continues to Shift to Outpatient Care 
 
 According to the American Hospital Association (the AHA ), many procedures traditionally performed in hospitals, such as certain types of surgery, are increasingly moving to outpatient facilities driven by advances in clinical science, shifting consumer preferences, limited or inefficient space in existing hospitals, and lower costs in the outpatient environment. This continuing shift toward delivering health care services in an outpatient environment rather than a traditional hospital environment increases the need for additional outpatient facilities and smaller, more specialized and efficient hospitals. Studies by the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission and others have shown that health care is delivered more cost effectively and with higher patient satisfaction when it is provided on an outpatient basis. Increasingly, hospital admissions are reserved for the critically ill, and less critical patients are treated on an outpatient basis with recuperation in their own homes. We believe health care market trends toward outpatient care will continue to push health care services out of larger, older, inefficient hospitals and into newer, more efficient, and conveniently located outpatient facilities and smaller specialized hospitals. We believe that increased specialization within the medical field is also driving demand for medical facilities designed specifically for particular specialties and that physicians want to locate their practices in medical office space that is in or adjacent to these facilities. 
 
 Impact of BBA on Hospital Outpatient Care 
 
 Section 603 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (the 2015 BBA generally prohibits hospital outpatient departments HOPDs from receiving hospital outpatient department rates under the Medicare Outpatient Prospective Payment System OPPS for Medicare patients treated in off-campus locations that are not Emergency Departments on or after January 1, 2017, potentially impacting their profitability. These higher Medicare hospital outpatient rates are only permitted if the hospital provides HOPD services in a department within 250 yards of the hospital s main inpatient building, or within 250 yards of a hospital s remote location (second inpatient location off the main campus). A hospital HOPD can be grandfathered from the 2015 BBA payment changes even if the location is outside the 250 yard distance. Under the statutory authority, an off-campus HOPD facility that was furnishing outpatient services on or before November 2, 2015 can be grandfathered and can continue to be paid at the OPPS HOPD rates, if, among other things, the hospital was billing HOPD services in that location on a HOPD basis as of November 2, 2015 and continues to provide those services in that location. On November 21, 2018, the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (the Secretary issued a final rule, effective January 1, 2019, that eliminates the higher, OPPS reimbursement rate for evaluation and management E M services provided by Grandfathered HOPD locations (the Final Rule ). The Secretary, instead, will only reimburse for E M services at the lower, Medicare Physician Fee Schedule rate that new non-grandfathered off-campus HOPD locations receive. The AHA and a number of hospitals sued the Secretary in federal court to enforce the plain meaning of Section 603 of the 2015 BBA and restore the right to Grandfathered HOPD reimbursement rates. On September 17, 2019, a federal district judge ruled in favor of the AHA. The court stated that CMS did not have the authority to lower payments for off-campus hospital-based departments that were grandfathered under the 2015 BBA. CMS challenged this ruling and requested a stay in the decision, which the court denied on October 21, 2019. In its December 15, 2020 final rule for hospital OPPS rates, CMS continued its efforts to lower payment for certain HOPD services basing reductions on the principle of site neutrality. These lower payment levels were effective January 1, 2021, notwithstanding the CMS projections that overall payments under OPPS will increase by 2.4 . For 2023, CMS updated OPPS payment rates for hospitals that meet applicable quality reporting requirements by 3.8 . Further, CMS continued the payment rate reduction for E M services furnished in all off-campus HOPDS in 2022. CMS stated that it intends to continue this policy in calendar year 2022 and beyond. Hospitals with grandfathered locations providing HOPD services in our portfolio are referred to as 603 assets in our SEC reports and other public disclosures. 
 
 We own a number of 603 assets. Rent derived from these 603 assets accounts for approximately 16 of our total consolidated portfolio annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022. Depending upon the implementation of the regulations and mix of procedures in an HOPD, the 2015 BBA may enhance the value of these 603 assets because existing HOPDs may lose their higher reimbursements rates should they choose to change locations, thus enhancing lease renewal probabilities and rent growth. 

Portfolio Summary 
 
 Please see Item 2 - Properties for a table that summarizes our consolidated portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 

Geographic Concentration 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 12.0 of our consolidated gross leasable area was derived from properties located in Texas. 
 
 12 

As a result of this geographic concentration, we are particularly exposed to downturns in the Texas economy or other changes in local real estate market conditions. Any material change in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, environmental, or competitive conditions in Texas could have a disproportionate effect on our overall business results. In the event of negative economic or other changes in the Texas market, our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares may be adversely affected. See the discussion under Item 1A - Risk Factors , under the caption, Economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas in which we conduct business, and in particular Texas, and other areas to which a greater percentage of our revenue is attributed could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition . 
 
 Customer Concentration 
 
 We receive substantially all of our revenue as rent payments from tenants under leases of space in our health care properties, with our five largest tenants based upon rental revenue representing approximately 70.1 million, or 19.5 , of the annualized base rent from our consolidated properties as of December 31, 2022. No one tenant represents more than 5.0 of our total consolidated annualized base rent; however, 14.8 of our total consolidated annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022 is from tenants affiliated with CommonSpirit. We have no control over the success or failure of our tenants businesses and, at any time, any of our tenants may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its financial condition. Our business, financial position, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected if CommonSpirit were to experience a material adverse effect on its business, financial position, or results of operations. 

Competition 
 
 We compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment activities for acquisitions of health care properties, including national, regional and local operators, acquirers, and developers of health care-related real estate properties and other investors such as private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. The competition for health care-related real estate properties may significantly increase the price that we must pay for health care properties or other assets that we seek to acquire, and our competitors may succeed in acquiring those properties or assets themselves. In addition, our potential acquisition targets may find our competitors to be more attractive because they may have greater resources, may be willing to pay more for the properties or may have a more compatible operating philosophy. In particular, larger REITs that target health care properties may enjoy significant competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital, enhanced operating efficiencies, more personnel, and market penetration and familiarity with markets. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investment properties may increase. Increased competition would result in increased demand for the same assets and therefore increase prices paid for them. Those higher prices for health care properties or other assets may adversely affect our returns from our investments. 
 
 We also face competition in leasing available MOBs and other facilities that serve the health care industry to prospective tenants. As a result, we may have to provide rent concessions, incur charges for tenant improvements, offer other inducements, or we may be unable to timely lease vacant space in our properties, all of which may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Seasonality 
 
 Our business has not been, and we do not expect it to become, subject to material seasonal fluctuations. 

Human Capital Management 
 
 Our Company is focused on human capital management, which our Board believes is vital to the health of the Company. We believe that the success of our business depends on a strong, talented, and committed workforce to ensure excellence on behalf of our clients and shareholders. Therefore, we prioritize the well-being of our employees and offer comprehensive benefits packages, opportunities for personal and group volunteer efforts, and paths for life-long learning to our employees. Our employees work with various business units across the Company to diversify their skill sets. Employees are offered challenging projects, stock ownership as a form of compensation, and a collaborative and inclusive environment with exposure to our top executives. 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer, and we are committed to making employment decisions without regard to race, creed, color, religion, sex, age, ancestry, national origin, sexual preference, sexual orientation, marital status, disability, protected veteran status, or any other legally protected status. As of December 31, 2022, we had 101 full-time employees, none of whom were subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We believe that relations with our employees are positive. 
 13 

The nominating and corporate governance committee retains oversight over human capital matters, including diversity, equity, and inclusion policies and initiatives, and oversees the Company's Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion DEI Council. Our Board receives regular reports from our CEO regarding annual employee engagement results conducted through an independent third party. In 2022, the Company had approximately 95 participation in this survey, representing a year-over-year increase in participation of over 2 . We are pleased to report that in 2022 our employee retention rate is 94 , a year-over-year increase of over 4 . Our Board members periodically attend employee events, participate in our annual Management Summit event, and attend all-team holiday gatherings. Also, in 2022, as part of the Company s ongoing Women in Leadership series, we were honored to have the newest member of our Board of Trustees, Ava Lias-Booker, Esq., hold a leadership discussion with our employees during a company-wide meeting. In January 2023, we were named to the Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index as a first-time submitter. 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 
 In 2022, the Company offered team member training, including courses on leadership, work/life balance, mental health, and cybersecurity, among other topics. Our team also routinely participates in training opportunities related to ESG and workplace best practices to pursue continued professional development. In addition, employees participate in an annual book club discussion and training events, including regular Company-wide lunch and learn discussions on leadership, wellness, mentorship, team-building, the REIT industry, and advanced computer skills. 
 
 At Physicians Realty Trust, our employees are heavily invested in building a stronger and more inclusive workplace environment. Employees lead committees focusing on social, environmental, philanthropic, and health and wellness topics that shape the Company s policies. As mentioned above, annual engagement surveys are conducted by an independent third party to provide anonymous team member feedback, the response rate to this survey was approximately 95 in 2022. We believe that continuous improvement and investment in our team are the keys to our continued success. 
 
 The Company also created a new Culture Specialist position to focus on sustaining and improving our culture. In addition to day-to-day human resource responsibilities, the Culture Specialist will support our employees general health, well-being, and engagement by fostering a strong, supportive, and productive work environment. Prioritizing our most important asset--our people--through this position, especially in an era of hybrid working environments, we expect will ensure a sense of belonging and shared mission to energize our Company in the future. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 The Company values diversity and embraces the unique qualities of our employees. In 2019, we formed our DEI Council, which sets ambitious, attainable, and authentic goals, develops educational platforms, and plans activities to promote DEI at all levels of our organization, creating a culture of fairness and respect for our employees. We believe we are a stronger organization when our workforce represents a diversity of ideas and experiences. 
 
 We take a personalized approach, driven by a 20-member DEI Council that represents all workgroups within our Company. Strategies include attracting and retaining top talent while intentionally including diverse candidates in recruitment efforts, providing enhanced career development support, and supporting DEI awareness and education for our employees. 
 
 Our DEI Council, which meets monthly, operates under the direction and full support of our Senior Vice President and Deputy Chief of Investments, who reports on activities to our President and CEO. In addition, the DEI Council is overseen by the nominating and corporate governance committee and reports to the entire Board as needed. We feel that this level of visibility leads to high engagement, accountability, and fulfillment of our DEI goals. 
 
 2022 Successes 
 
 At DOC, our longstanding commitment to our health care partners and the patients they serve is to C.A.R.E.: Collaborate and Communicate, Act with Integrity, Respect the Relationship, and Execute Consistently. Each of these values is reflected in our DEI Council and its work to ensure our actions reflect our DEI values and help us achieve our goals. 
 
 14 

Our 2022 successes tie directly to our Company s shared vision to C.A.R.E.: 
 
 Collaborate and Communicate 
 
 Build CRE Diversity Pipeline: In 2022, the Company surpassed its goal to hire 50 or more diverse candidates in our summer internship program, representing those who identify as Black, Indigenous, people of color, female, veteran, or LGBTQIA+. This goal supports our efforts to build a young, diverse, and talented leadership pipeline. In addition, all internal and external candidate recruitment focuses on seeking diverse candidates, using organizations, resources, and job boards with diverse followings. 
 
 Support Company Education via Communications Channels: The DEI Council provided educational touchpoints via the Company s new SharePoint DEI Hub site with over 6,000-lifetime site visits to date. To promote transparency, resources include news stories, Council files, our DEI mission statement, working goals, meeting schedules, DEI Council member directory, and an anonymous, third-party administered team suggestion box. The Council also authors news articles based on team interviews and research on holidays, traditions, and observances to promote understanding and inclusion. 
 
 Industry Representation: We are also proud of our 2022 representation on the Nareit Communications Council, DEI Working Group, Real Estate Sustainability Council, and Social Responsibility Council, and our employees regularly attend continuing education on DEI matters through Nareit conferences. 
 
 Act with Integrity 
 
 Attract Top Talent: The DEI Council conducted a comprehensive benefits review to ensure the Company remains competitive in our offerings to current and prospective employees. As a result, recommendations that we anticipate will be implemented in 2023 include a wellness incentives program and an onboarding Buddy Program for new hires to foster connections and professional development. 
 
 Wraparound Tools for Mental Health and Wellness: In a Company survey conducted in January 2022, mental health and work/life balance were the most-requested topics for DEI programming. The Company took a holistic approach, offering over eight hours of mental health programming, paid access to an award-winning mental health and wellness app, and a new yearly paid time off day for mental health and wellness. We also provided resources surrounding observances of World Mental Health Day, Mental Health Awareness Month, and Stress Awareness Day. 
 
 Create a Consistent Feedback Loop to Further Belonging and Allyship: The DEI Council added DEI touchpoint questions to quarterly manager/team member reviews and measured engagement/perception of DEI through a new yearly survey. Participation in this survey increased by 11 year-over-year, and positive responses increased in every category. Separately, the DEI Council also incorporated gender identity, sexual orientation, and allyship questions in our annual anonymous top workplaces survey administered through a third party to better understand and support our internal diversity. 
 
 Respect the Relationship 
 
 Mentor Diverse Future Leaders: In 2022, the Company continued its ongoing partnership with Year Up, a national organization whose mission connects talented young adults and top companies to launch careers, power businesses, and build communities. Our activities included virtual networking events and mock interviews that have fostered ongoing mentorships between our employees and recent program graduates. 
 
 Financial Investments: In coordination with NAIOP Wisconsin and the Marquette University Center for Real Estate, the Company supported the MKE CRE week-long summer immersion program through financial investments and as a key event organizer. This organization's mission is to expose diverse high school students to career opportunities in commercial real estate. Students learned about designing, building, managing, owning, and selling commercial real estate through in-person instruction, hands-on experiences, site visits, and intentional interaction with real estate professionals working locally and across the country. In addition, the Company provided 7,500 in financial support, as a Presenting Sponsor, toward scholarships for diverse high school students interested in careers in commercial real estate. 
 
 Execute Consistently 
 
 Execute Team Programming: The Company offered four All-Team Lunch Learn sessions on generational diversity, work/life balance, mental health, and intersectionality. These sessions included video watch parties, guest speakers, breakouts, and lively group discussions. The DEI Council also debuted three optional, informal, and small-group Coffee Talks to discuss 
 15 

working styles and recognition differences, imposter syndrome, and perfectionism. Also, in 2022, as part of the Company s ongoing DEI-led Women in Leadership series, we were honored to host the newest member of our Board of Trustees, Ava Lias-Booker, Esq. The Council also assisted in selecting two topics and speakers for the Company s 2022 Management Summit - a virtual breakout on conflict de-escalation strategies geared toward property management professionals and our 2022 main stage keynote session on tactical negotiation strategies, utilizing tools such as a DEI lens. 
 
 Share our Progress to Date : We were proud to be honored as the 2022 CRE Insight Journal Excellence in DEI Award Winner, recognizing the culture of transparency and integrity that guides our business and shapes our strategy in addressing DEI opportunities for positive change. 
 
 Looking Ahead 
 
 Our team continues to develop targeted DEI goals to make a tangible and meaningful impact on our Company, industry, and communities, ultimately advancing DEI principles and better business performance. Our forthcoming ESG Report will showcase our efforts in greater detail. 
 
 Beginning in 2023, our long-term incentive plan includes a DEI element as part of our new ESG scorecard, with a goal of providing annual training to all employees with 100 participation. 
 
 COVID-19 Response 
 
 Throughout the COVID-19 pandemic, we prioritized our employees health and safety. In 2022, to encourage and support COVID-19 vaccination, the Company provided one paid wellness day to allow our employees to get vaccinated and deal with any immediate side effects. Employees could also use their wellness day for overall mental health and wellness. In addition, in 2022, the Company took a wraparound approach to increase mental health support for employees by also facilitating communication and education related to mental health and wellness. These efforts included a Company-wide, team-led town hall discussion facilitated by a licensed clinical psychologist. The Company also held a small group Coffee Talk series on mental health related to perfectionism and imposter syndrome. Finally, the Company supported mental health through a new benefit: paid access to a mental health and wellness app. 
 
 In addition, we supported various COVID-19 relief efforts alongside our health care partners across the country. Our past efforts have included donating supplies, allowing local government agencies to store personal protective equipment at our facilities, establishing a temporary COVID-19 vaccine site at one of our facilities available for lease, establishing and managing drive-through COVID-19 testing locations at our facilities, and coordinating COVID-19 screening at building entrances. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Our leadership has championed the importance of providing a robust benefits package. We offer competitive pay and compensation packages, including an annual bonus, paid medical and dental insurance, paid time off benefits, paid holidays, yearly paid volunteer time off, one paid mental health and wellness day, summer Friday hours, 401(k) match with immediate vesting, Company-sponsored short- and long-term disability benefits, voluntary life and accident insurance, paid parental leave, and pet insurance. We provide equity compensation after six months of employment. Through our employee stock purchase program and annual stock grant, our employees are also owners of the Company. The Company also offers a health plan option with a health savings account, which to date, has included an annual company contribution, an onsite gym in Milwaukee, and numerous team-building activities throughout the year. 
 
 One of the Company s continuing education benefits, our graduate degree sponsorship program, is awarded based on a competitive submission process. In 2022, we were proud to celebrate the graduation of a team member who earned her master s degree in accounting. This program was launched in 2019 and has two graduates. 
 
 In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Company has adopted a hybrid return-to-work approach tailored to the decisions and responsibilities of each workgroup, including several fully remote work options, which we believe will maximize company-wide productivity. Additionally, the Company has a yearly four-week work from anywhere policy. 
 
 Community and Philanthropy 
 
 The Company provides monetary support to various nonprofit organizations. In 2022, the Company contributed over 408,800 in philanthropy giving, exceeding our 2022 goal of 375,000. Separately, we fundraised 150,000 to support charitable causes nationwide. Employees are actively involved in the Company s philanthropic decisions through a team-led 
 16 

committee, an annual philanthropy survey, and quarterly Jeans Week drives with charitable recipients chosen from team-nominated organizations nationwide. The Company does not make contributions of any kind to any political action committees or political candidates or their campaigns. 
 
 Under the Company all-team volunteerism efforts, our employees contributed 455 hours through Company-sponsored team volunteer opportunities in 2022. 
 
 Additionally, through the Company s Volunteer Time Off (VTO) program launched in 2019, we encourage and empower our employees to give back to the community in personally meaningful ways. In 2022, our employees spent 447 hours serving their communities individually, representing a 47 year-over-year increase in usage of the Company s VTO program. This change was primarily driven by a new VTO team-based challenge that created meaningful opportunities for our team to bond over shared causes while encouraging each other to take full advantage of these opportunities to make a difference. The winning team collectively completed over 80 of their total possible VTO hours, and the Company contributed to the charity of their choice in recognition of this effort. 

Environmental Matters 
 
 As an owner of real estate, we are subject to various federal, state, and local environmental laws, regulations, and ordinances and also could be liable to third parties as a result of environmental contamination or noncompliance at our properties even if we no longer own such properties. See the discussion under Item 1A, Risk Factors, under the caption Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with owning, leasing, developing, and operating our properties may affect our results of operations . 

Certain Government Regulations 
 
 Overview 
 
 Our tenants and operators are typically subject to extensive and complex federal, state, and local health care laws and regulations relating to fraud and abuse practices, government reimbursement, licensure, protection of patient health information, and certificate of need CON and similar laws governing the operation of health care facilities, and we expect that the health care industry, in general, will continue to face increased regulation and pressure in the areas of fraud, waste and abuse, cost control, health care management, and provision of services, among others. These regulations are wide-ranging and can subject our tenants and operators to civil, criminal and administrative sanctions. Affected tenants and operators may find it increasingly difficult to comply with this complex and evolving regulatory environment because of a relative lack of guidance in many areas as certain of our health care properties are subject to oversight from several government agencies and the laws may vary from one jurisdiction to another. Changes in laws and regulations, reimbursement enforcement activity and regulatory non-compliance by our tenants and operators can all have a significant effect on their operations and financial condition, which in turn may adversely impact us, as detailed below and set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors, under the caption The health care industry is heavily regulated, and new laws or regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations, health policies, reimbursement levels from third-party payors, loss of licensure, or failure to obtain licensure could adversely impact our company and result in the inability of our tenants to make rent payments to us . 
 
 In 2017, Congress came within a single vote of repealing of the Affordable Care Act and substantially reducing funding to the Medicaid program. New legislation may be introduced in the future, proposing changes, if not full repeal of the Affordable Care Act. Beyond this, significant changes to commercial health insurance and government-sponsored insurance (e.g., Medicare and Medicaid) remain possible. Commercial and government payors are likely to continue imposing larger discounts and tighter cost controls upon operators, through reductions in reimbursement rates and changes in payment methodologies, discounted fee structures, the assumption by health care providers of all or a portion of the financial risk or otherwise. A shift toward less comprehensive health insurance coverage and increased consumer cost-sharing on health expenditures could have a material adverse effect on certain of our operators liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations and, in turn, their ability to satisfy their contractual obligations, including making rental payments under and otherwise complying with the terms of our leases. 
 The following is a discussion of certain laws and regulations generally applicable to our operators, and in certain cases, to us. 
 
 17 

Health Care Legislation 
 
 Health Reform Laws. On March 23, 2010, President Obama signed into law the Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, which amends the Affordable Care Act (collectively with other subsequently enacted federal health care laws and regulations, the Health Reform Laws ). The Health Reform Laws contain various provisions that may directly impact us or the operators and tenants of our properties. Some provisions of the Health Reform Laws may have a positive impact on our operators or tenants revenues, by, for example, increasing coverage of uninsured individuals, while others may have a negative impact on the reimbursement of our operators or tenants by, for example, altering the market basket adjustments for certain types of health care facilities. The Health Reform Laws also enhance certain fraud and abuse penalty provisions that could apply to our operators and tenants, in the event of one or more violations of the federal health care regulatory laws. In addition, there are provisions that impact the health coverage that we and our operators and tenants provide to our respective employees. The Health Reform Laws also provide additional Medicaid funding to allow states to carry out the expansion of Medicaid coverage to certain financially eligible individuals beginning in 2014, and have also permitted states to expand their Medicaid coverage to these individuals since April 1, 2010, if certain conditions are met. On June 28, 2012, the United States Supreme Court upheld the individual mandate of the Health Reform Laws but partially invalidated the expansion of Medicaid. The ruling on Medicaid expansion allows states not to participate in the expansion-and to forego funding for the Medicaid expansion-without losing their existing Medicaid funding. As of December 1, 2022, 12 states have pursued the option not to adopt the Medicaid expansion. Thirty-nine states and the District of Columbia have adopted the expansion. The participation by states in the Medicaid expansion could have the dual effect of increasing our tenants revenues, through new patients, but could also further strain state budgets. While the federal government paid for approximately 100 of those additional costs from 2014 to 2016, states now are expected to pay for part of those additional costs. 
 
 Challenges to the Health Reform Laws and Potential Repeal and/or Further Reforms under Trump Administration . Since the enactment of the Health Reform Laws, there have been multiple attempts through legislative action and legal challenge to repeal or amend the Health Reform Laws, including the case that was before the U.S. Supreme Court, King v. Burwell . Although the Supreme Court in Burwell upheld the use of subsidies to individuals in federally facilitated health care exchanges on June 25, 2015, which ultimately did not disrupt significantly the implementation of the Health Reform Laws, we cannot predict whether other current or future efforts to repeal, amend or challenge the validity of all or part of the Health Reform Laws will be successful, nor can we predict the impact that such a repeal, amendment or challenge would have on our operators or tenants and their ability to meet their obligations to us. 
 
 In 2017, then President Trump and Congress unsuccessfully sought to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act. On January 20, 2017, then President Trump issued an Executive Order stating that it was the administration s official policy to repeal the Affordable Care Act and instructing the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the heads of all other executive departments and agencies with authority and responsibility under the Affordable Care Act to, among other matters, delay implementation of or grant an exemption from any provision of the Affordable Care Act that would impose a fiscal burden on any state or a cost, fee, tax, penalty, or regulatory burden on individuals, families, health care providers, health insurers, patients, and others. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act was signed into law. The Tax Act, among other things, reduces the Affordable Care Act s individual mandate penalty to zero beginning in 2019. The elimination of the penalties does not remove the requirement to obtain health care coverage; however, without penalties there effectively will be no enforcement. On December 14, 2018, a federal district court in Texas ruled that the Affordable Care Act s individual mandate was unconstitutional. The court also ruled that the provisions of the individual mandate were not severable from the remainder of the Affordable Care Act, rendering the remainder of the Affordable Care Act invalid as well. President Biden formally revoked former President Trump s Executive Order regarding the Affordable Care Act on January 28, 2021. The United States Supreme Court heard the Texas case following a series of appeals and dismissed the case and upheld the Affordable Care Act in June 2021. Despite action by the current administration and the Supreme Court s decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act, it is possible that Congress will continue to consider other legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act or repeal and replace some or all elements of the Affordable Care Act. 
 
 The US Department of Labor DOL issued a final rule on June 21, 2018 authorizing the creation of Association Health Plans AHP ). This rule was one of three components of a 2017 Executive Order to increase consumer health insurance options and also created short-term limited duration health insurance and health reimbursement arrangements. On March 28, 2019, the US District Court for the District of Columbia vacated the AHP. On April 26, 2019, the Department of Justice DOJ appealed that decision and the appeal is ongoing. 
 On June 24, 2019, then President Trump signed an Executive Order on Improving Price and Quality Transparency in American Health Care to Put Patients First. The order was intended to increase the availability of meaningful price and quality information for patients. CMS included in its final rule for Medicare hospital outpatient payment, the requirement that hospitals 
 18 

make public their standard charges, along with payer-specific negotiated rates, in a consumer-friendly format. This requirement was to be effective January 1, 2020. In 2019, the AHA and other hospital groups initiated litigation against the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS and CMS to prevent implementation of this price transparency rule. The AHA challenge was unsuccessful and the rule became effective January 1, 2021. The public availability of hospital charges may give patients information to select physician office-based care rather than in the hospital. 
 We cannot predict the effect of Trump or Biden Executive Orders, the Tax Act s 2019 repeal of the individual mandate penalty on the Affordable Care Act, or whether future attempts by Congress to challenge or change the law will be successful. Further, we cannot predict how the Affordable Care Act might be amended or modified, either through the legislative or judicial process, and how any such modification might impact our tenants operations or the net effect of this law on us. If the operations, cash flows or financial condition of our operators and tenants are materially adversely impacted by any repeal or modification of the law, our revenue and operations may be materially adversely affected as well. 
 
 No Surprises Act. Effective January 1, 2022, facilities and providers must comply with several new policies required by No Surprises Act NSA ). Specifically, the NSA prohibits balance billing for: (i) emergency services provided by an out-of-network provider; and (ii) non-emergency (e.g., scheduled) services provided by an out-of-network provider at an in-network facility. For such out-of-network services, health plans are prohibited from imposing higher cost-sharing amounts (i.e., copayment, coinsurance, or deductible) than the amount that would have applied had the service been provided by an in-network provider. The NSA allows the patient to waive their balance billing and cost-sharing protections in some scenarios, but this requires the out-of-network provider to comply with the patient notice and consent requirements under the Act, and does not apply to most ancillary physician services (e.g., emergency, radiology, anesthesiology, pathology, neonatology, and services provided by hospitalists, assistant surgeons, and intensivists). For purposes of compliance with the balance billing and patient cost-sharing protections, a facility is defined under the NSA to include hospitals, critical access hospitals, hospital outpatient departments, and ASCs. 
 
 The NSA also requires providers and facilities to provide a good faith estimate GFE of expected charges to uninsured and self-pay patients upon scheduling or upon request. HHS delayed enforcement of the GFE requirements for one year to allow providers and facilities to develop systems and processes for the exchange of required information between (i) the providers/facilities with which the primary service was initially scheduled or from which the GFE was initially requested and (ii) co-providers/co-facilities. That one year delay, however, proved insufficient as facilities and providers struggled to develop and implement solutions to comply with the GFE co-provider requirement in advance of the January 1, 2023, enforcement deadline, without any sub-regulatory or interpretive guidance from HHS. 
 
 In response to industry comments, HHS issued updated guidance in the form of an FAQ, which now delays enforcement of the GFE co-provider requirement until HHS issues additional guidance through formal rulemaking. Currently there is no new enforcement deadline, and according to the FAQ, any future rulemaking will include a prospective applicability date that gives providers and facilities a reasonable amount of time to comply with any new requirements. Nevertheless, the FAQ cautions that certain states are the primary enforcers of the GFE requirements, rather than the federal government. Those states do not have to follow HHS lead to delay enforcement of the co-provider requirement, though HHS encourages states to take a similar approach. Providers in states that are enforcing the GFE rules directly may have enhanced risk of enforcement at this time. While the balance billing and patient cost-sharing requirements (described above) do not apply to freestanding physician clinics, such freestanding clinics must comply with the GFE requirements under the NSA. The NSA requires providers and facilities to provide patients with disclosures of their new rights under the law. 
 
 The enforcement provisions under the NSA permit the Secretary to apply a civil monetary penalty against a provider/facility in an amount not to exceed 10,000 per violation of the NSA, including: (i) violations of the balance billing protections under the NSA (including all mandated disclosures and notices); and (ii) in circumstances where a provider/facility fails to provide a good faith estimate GFE of expected charges to uninsured/self-pay patients in violation of the NSA. Notably, the balance billing, patient cost sharing protections, and GFE requirements under NSA are in addition to any requirements under applicable state law. Many of our operators and tenants are now subject to these laws, and some of them may be subject to monetary penalties if they fail to comply with applicable laws. 
 
 19 

Information Blocking 
 
 Published on May 1, 2020, the Information Blocking Regulations IB Regulations went into effect April 5, 2021. The IB Regulations prohibit Actors (e.g., health care providers, health information exchanges, health information technology developers) from taking action that is likely to interfere with, prevent or materially discourage access, exchange or use of electronic health information. The scope of the IB Regulations were recently expanded to prohibit health care providers from blocking or interfering with patient access to any electronic information in a designated record set, as the term is defined under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, commonly referred to as HIPAA, effective October 6, 2022. Except to the extent covered by an exception, the IB Regulations obligate an Actor to provide a requestor (a patient, a patient s representative or person seeking a connection to the Actor s technology) with access to the electronic health information EHI within its control or possession. The exceptions to the IB Regulations permit an Actor to deny access, limit the amount of access, delay access, condition the type of access or charge a fee for access, all subject to the detailed limitations stated in the applicable exception. Further guidance is pending from CMS and the Office of the Inspector General OIG regarding enforcement of the rule; however, exclusion and 1 million per violation civil monetary penalties have been cited as potential penalties. In addition to the potential for penalties, providers are likely to incur additional costs in training staff and updating medical records systems and policies to ensure appropriate access to medical records. 
 
 Fraud and Abuse Enforcement 
 
 There are various extremely complex federal and state laws and regulations governing health care providers relationships and arrangements and prohibiting fraudulent and abusive practices by such providers. These laws include (i) federal and state false claims acts, which, among other things, prohibit providers from filing false claims or making false statements to receive payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal or state health care programs, (ii) federal and state anti-kickback and fee-splitting statutes, including the Medicare and Medicaid anti-kickback statute, which prohibit the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of health care items or services and the Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018 EKRA ), an all-payor statute enacted in 2018 prohibiting kickbacks related to remuneration for referrals to recovery homes, clinical treatment facilities and laboratories, (iii) federal and state physician self-referral laws (commonly referred to as the Stark Law ), which generally prohibit referrals by physicians to entities with which the physician or an immediate family member has a financial relationship, (iv) the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibits, among other things, the knowing presentation of a false or fraudulent claim for certain health care services and (v) federal and state privacy laws, including the privacy and security rules contained in the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which provide for the privacy and security of personal health information. Violations of health care fraud and abuse laws carry civil, criminal, and administrative sanctions, including punitive sanctions, monetary penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement, and potential exclusion from Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal or state health care programs. These laws are enforced by a variety of federal, state, and local agencies and can also be enforced by private litigants through, among other things, federal and state false claims acts, which allow private litigants to bring qui tam or whistleblower actions. Many of our operators and tenants are subject to these laws, and some of them may in the future become the subject of governmental enforcement actions if they fail to comply with applicable laws. 
 
 Reimbursement 
 
 Sources of revenue for many of our tenants and operators include, among other sources, governmental health care programs, such as the federal Medicare program, state Medicaid programs, and non-governmental payors, such as insurance payors, managed care organizations MCOs ), health maintenance organizations HMOs ), and Accountable Care Organizations ACOs ). As federal and state governments focus on health care reform initiatives, and as the federal government and many states face significant budget deficits, efforts to reduce costs by these payors will likely continue, which may result in reduced or slower growth in reimbursement for certain services provided by some of our tenants and operators. 
 
 We cannot predict whether future Congressional action will reduce physician reimbursements. Efforts by other payors to reduce health care costs are likely to continue, which may result in reductions or slower growth in reimbursement for certain services provided by some of our tenants. Further, revenue realizable under third-party payor agreements can change after examination and retroactive adjustment by payors during the claims settlement process or as a result of post-payment audits. For example, payors may disallow requests for reimbursement based on determinations that certain costs are not reimbursable or reasonable, because additional documentation is necessary or because certain services were not covered or were not medically necessary. The Health Care Reform Laws and regulatory changes could impose further limitations on government and private payments to health care providers. In some cases, states have enacted or are considering enacting measures designed to reduce their Medicaid expenditures and to make changes to private health care insurance. In addition, the failure of any of our tenants to comply with various laws and regulations could lead to overpayments and resulting repayment obligations to, as well as jeopardize their ability to continue participating in Medicare, Medicaid, and other government sponsored payment 
 20 

programs. The financial impact on our tenants failure to comply with such laws and regulations could restrict their ability to make rent payments to us. 
 
 Health Care Licensure and CON 
 
 Certain health care facilities in our portfolio are subject to extensive federal, state, and local licensure, certification and inspection laws, and regulations. In addition, various licenses and permits are required to dispense narcotics, operate pharmacies and laboratories, handle radioactive materials, and operate equipment. Many states require certain health care providers to obtain a CON, which requires prior approval for the construction, expansion, purchase of certain capital equipment, and closure of certain health care facilities. The approval process related to state CON laws may impact some of our tenants and operators abilities to expand or change their businesses. 
 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 COVID-19 Relief. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security CARES Act (2020) and the Coronavirus Response and Consolidated Appropriations Act (2021) CAA provided economic assistance for health care providers. The CAA continued many of these programs by adding new phases, new allocations, and new guidance to address issues related to the continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic. Through the CARES Act, the federal government authorized 175 billion in payments to be distributed through the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund Provider Relief Fund or PRF ). The CAA added another 3 billion in funding to the PRF program. The government has apportioned the PRF in several tranches, including (i) a 50 billion Phase 1 general distribution to Medicare providers, (ii) a 18 billion Phase 2 general distribution to Medicaid providers, (iii) a 24.5 billion Phase 3 general distribution based on financial losses and expenses attributable to COVID-19, and (iv) approximately 60 billion in targeted distributions to hospitals in high-impact areas and certain other specific providers. 
 
 Payments from the PRF are not loans and, therefore, they are generally not subject to repayment. However, as a condition to receiving distributions, providers must agree to certain terms and conditions, including, among other things, that the funds are being used for lost revenues and certain COVID-related expenses, and that the providers will not seek collection of out of pocket payments from a COVID-19 patient that are greater than what the patient would have otherwise been required to pay if the care had been provided by an in-network provider. Recipients of PRF payments must comply with reporting requirements described in the terms and conditions and specified in HHS reporting guidelines. HHS has indicated that it will be closely monitoring and, along with the OIG, auditing providers to ensure that recipients comply with the terms and conditions of the PRF program and to prevent fraud and abuse. Providers will be subject to civil and criminal penalties for any deliberate omissions, misrepresentations or falsifications of any information given to HHS. Noncompliance with applicable terms and conditions is grounds for HHS to recoup some or all of the payments made from the PRF. Further, HHS has indicated that PRF payments that have not been expended for permitted uses by applicable deadlines must be returned to HHS. Reporting obligations are ongoing for providers that accepted grants from the Provider Relief Fund and will continue into 2024. Notably, HHS has begun issuing Repayment Request Notices to recipients of PRF payments who are required to repay funds. 
 
 More recently, on December 10, 2021, Congress passed the Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act, extending the moratorium on the 2 Medicare sequestration until April 2022, then reducing the amount taken from payments to 1 for another three months. The law also prevents the statutory Pay-As-You-Go cuts to Medicare, which total 4 of Medicare payments, and certain rate cuts finalized in the Medicare Physician Fee Schedule final rule from November 2021. Additionally, the law will delay payment cuts for clinical laboratories and postpone the launch of the radiation oncology bundled payment model, which was slated to start in January 2022. These changes are intended to support the financial viability of physician practices and maintain access to outpatient care during the continuing public health emergency. 
 
 Based on the continued uncertainty around reporting and potential recoupment of PRF funds, we cannot provide any assurances as to whether any tenant or operator may be required to derecognize and return any portion of PRF funds it has recognized as income, or predict whether a tenant or operator may be eligible to receive any additional allocations of Provider Relief Funds in the future or whether it will be able to recognize such amounts as PRF grant income under HHS reporting requirements. There are also no assurances regarding the future of Medicare Physician Fee Schedule payments and scheduled reductions to payments thereunder. These ongoing risks will continue to create risk of non-payment of rent from our tenants. 
 
 Vaccine Mandates. On November 4, 2021, CMS released its Interim Final Rule IFR requiring COVID-19 vaccinations for individuals working in Medicare- and Medicaid-participating facilities, as well as individuals working in certain other settings involving face-to-face interactions with patients. On the same date, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA released its new Emergency Temporary Standard ETS requiring companies with 100 or more employees to mandate vaccination of their employees. 
 21 

On January 13, 2022, the Supreme Court handed down a pair of decisions on the CMS vaccine mandate rule and the OSHA vaccine-or-test rule. In short, the Court ruled in its opinion that CMS is not prohibited from implementing its IFR. In a separate opinion, the Court held that OSHA may not enforce or implement its ETS. More recently, in October 2022, the Supreme Court declined to hear a challenge from 10 states seeking to appeal a ruling affirming the CMS mandate. 
 
 These quickly evolving (and at times, conflicting) regulatory requirements and court decisions will likely create legal and operational challenges for health care providers, including our tenants that are hospitals, surgery centers, and certain physician practices, and may exacerbate existing challenges around staffing, leading to increased costs for temporary or contract labor and potential business disruptions, any of which may adversely affect our tenants ability to pay us rent. 

Available Information 
 
 Our website address is www.docreit.com. We make available, free of charge through the Investor Relations portion of the website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Reports of beneficial ownership filed pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act are also available on our website. These reports and other information are also available, free of charge, at www.sec.gov . 
 
 In addition, the Board has established a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our officers, including our President and Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, trustees, and employees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics provides a statement of the Company s policies and procedures for conducting business legally and ethically. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available in the Investor Relations section of our website www.docreit.com under the tab Corporate Information - Governance Documents. Any amendments to or waivers from the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be disclosed on our website. Information contained on our website is not part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 22 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in our common shares involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully read and consider the risks discussed below and described more fully along with other risks in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of this report, before investing in our common shares. The following summarizes what we believe to be the most significant risks of purchasing or owning our securities based on information currently available to us. Additional unknown risks may also impair our financial performance and business operations. Our business, financial condition, and/or results of operation may be materially adversely affected by the nature and impact of these risks. In such case, the market value of our securities could be detrimentally affected, and investors may lose part or all of the value of their investment. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 Recent macroeconomic trends, including inflation and rising interest rates, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas in which we conduct business could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Our portfolio is concentrated in health care properties, making us dependent on the health care industry generally, and possibly more vulnerable economically than if our investments were diversified across different industries. 
 Cybersecurity incidents, attacks, or other significant disruptions of our information technology systems or the information technology systems of our third party property managers could disrupt our business and result in the compromise of confidential information of ours and third parties, including our tenants. 
 Our health care properties and tenants face competition and we may not realize the benefits that we anticipate from focusing on health care properties that are strategically aligned with a care delivery system and from the relationships established through such strategic alignments. 
 We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable investment acquisitions or investment opportunities, which may impede our growth and negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 We have and may in the future make investments in development projects, which may not yield anticipated returns which could directly affect our operating results and reduce the amount of funds available for distributions. 
 Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with owning, leasing, developing, and operating our properties may affect our results of operations. 
 Our business and operations and those of our tenants have been and may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Risks Related to the Health Care Industry 
 
 The health care industry is heavily regulated, and new laws or regulations, changes to existing laws, regulations, health policies, or reimbursement levels from third-party payors, loss of licensure or failure to obtain licensure could adversely impact our company and result in the inability of our tenants to make rent payments to us. 
 Changes to health care laws and regulations, including to government reimbursement programs such as Medicare and reimbursement rates applicable to our current and future tenants, could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of our tenants and, consequently, their ability to meet obligations to us. 
 Our tenants and our company are subject to fraud and abuse laws, the violation of which, by a tenant, may jeopardize the tenant s ability to make rent payments to us. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has adversely affected the operations and financial condition of our tenants and operators and could continue to adversely affect their operations and financial condition in the future, which may negatively impact our tenants and operators ability to meet their obligations to us. 
 
 Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry 
 
 Our operating performance is subject to risks associated with the real estate industry, including vacancies or our inability to lease space on favorable terms, our inability to collect rent from tenants, changes in the demand for certain health care-related properties, and impacts from periods of economic slowdown or recession such as the recent U.S. economic downturn. 
 We face risks associated with the potential impacts of severe weather events and climate change. 
 23 

Our investments in, or originations of, mezzanine and term loans will be subject to specific risks relating to the particular property or entity obligated to repay the loan, and our loans will involve greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by income-producing properties. 
 
 Risks Related to Financings 
 
 Required payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness may leave us with insufficient cash to operate our properties or to pay the distributions currently contemplated or necessary to qualify as a REIT and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 We rely upon external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and, if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future acquisitions necessary to grow our business or meet maturing obligations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Portfolio and Structure 
 
 Our business could be harmed if key personnel terminate their employment with us or if we are unsuccessful in integrating new personnel into our operations. 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law, the Trust s declaration of trust and the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership contain limits and restrictions on the transferability of our outstanding shares of beneficial interest, which may have the effect of delaying, discouraging or preventing a transaction or change of control of our company. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Qualification and Operation as a REIT 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce funds available for distributions to our shareholders. 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 

Risks Related To Our Business 
 
 Our performance is subject to general economic conditions and risks associated with our real estate assets. 
 
 Income from and the value of our properties may be adversely affected by, among other things: 
 
 an economic crisis in the United States or globally that results in increased budget deficits and weakened financial condition of international, national, and local governments, which may lead to reduced governmental spending, tax increases, job losses, increased interest rates, currency devaluations, defaults on debt obligations, or other adverse economic events; 
 other periods of economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur; 
 tenant turnover, the attractiveness of our properties to potential tenants, and changes in supply of, or demand for, similar or competing properties in an area (including from general overbuilding or excess supply in the market); 
 changes in the cost or availability of insurance; 
 unanticipated changes in costs associated with adverse environmental conditions; 
 periods of tight money supply; 
 future terrorist attacks, which may result in declining economic activity, which could reduce the demand for, and the value of, our properties, and may adversely affect our tenants business and their ability to continue to honor their existing lease; and 
 disruptions in the global supply chain caused by political, regulatory, or other factors, including geopolitical developments outside the United States. 
 
 In addition, our investments could be materially adversely affected by changes in national and international political, environmental, and socioeconomic circumstances, including the escalating conflict between Russia and Ukraine or actions taken by governments in response to the conflict. 
 
 24 

Rising interest rates may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Increases in interest rates have increased and may continue to increase our interest expense and adversely affect our cash flows, our ability to service our indebtedness, and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and could cause our stock price to decline. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, inflation in the United States increased and is currently expected to continue at an elevated level in 2023. Rising inflation increases our variable rate debt and general and administrative expenses and other costs. In 2022, the Federal Reserve began significantly raising interest rates and is expected to continue to raise interest rates to combat inflation and restore price stability into 2023. 
 
 The dividend yield on common shares (as a percentage of the price of our common shares) relative to market interest rates is one of the factors that influences the market price of our common shares. Increases in interest rates will increase interest cost on new fixed and variable debt and on existing variable rate debt. Such increases in the cost of capital have adversely impacted our ability to acquire and develop properties and may impact our ability to refinance existing debt, and could cause our earnings and funds available for distribution to decline. Additionally, increased interest rates may also result in less liquid property markets, limiting our ability to sell assets or contribute existing assets to a joint venture. 
 
 Further increases in market interest rates may lead prospective purchasers of our common shares to expect a higher dividend yield (with a resulting decline in the market price of our common shares) and higher interest rates would likely increase our borrowing costs for both our existing and future indebtedness and potentially decrease funds available for distribution. Thus, higher market interest rates have caused and could continue to cause the market price of our common shares to decrease. 
 
 Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 298.2 million of variable-rate indebtedness outstanding that has not been swapped for a fixed interest rate. Certain indebtedness in the future, including borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility since December 31, 2022, and thereafter, will be subject to variable interest rates. Increases in interest rates on any variable rate indebtedness will increase our interest expense, which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 In certain cases, we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements. Hedging involves risks, such as the risk that the counterparty may fail to honor its obligations under an arrangement, that the arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that these arrangements may result in higher interest rates than we would otherwise have, and that a court could rule that such an agreement is not legally enforceable. In addition, we may be limited in the type and amount of hedging transactions that we may use in the future by our need to satisfy the REIT income tests under the Code. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic areas in which we conduct business, and in particular Texas, and other areas to which a greater percentage of our revenue is attributed could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 Our operating results depend upon our ability to maintain and increase occupancy levels and rental rates at our properties. Adverse economic or other conditions in the geographic markets in which we operate, including periods of economic slowdown or recession, industry slowdowns, periods of deflation, relocation of businesses, changing demographics, pandemics, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, the effects of climate change, earthquakes and other natural disasters, fires, terrorist acts, migrant crises, civil disturbances or acts of war, and other man-made disasters which may result in uninsured or underinsured losses, and changes in tax, real estate, zoning, and other laws and regulations, may lower our occupancy levels and limit our ability to increase rents or require us to offer rental concessions. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.9 million square feet of our gross leasable area and 49.2 million of our total consolidated annualized base rent was derived from properties located in Texas (12.0 of our gross leasable area and 13.7 of our total consolidated annualized base rent). As a result of this geographic concentration, we are particularly exposed to downturns in the Texas economy or other changes in local real estate market conditions. Any material change in the current payment programs or regulatory, economic, environmental, or competitive conditions in Texas could have a disproportionate effect on our overall business results. In the event of negative economic or other changes in any of the markets in which we conduct business, our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares may be adversely affected. 
 
 25 

One of our strategies is to capitalize on shifting consumer preferences and other demographic and market trends by pursuing off-campus properties consistent with our investment philosophy and strategies. We may not be successful in identifying and acquiring suitable off-campus properties that meet our investment criteria or that we can acquire on satisfactory terms. Further, if such preferences and trends do not continue, such off-campus properties may not produce the expected benefits or command the same rent as our on-campus affiliated properties, and we may not be able to lease such properties on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to successfully acquire, lease, and operate such off-campus properties, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our real estate investments are concentrated in health care properties, and any downturn in the health care industry could materially affect our business. 
 
 We acquire, own, manage, operate, and selectively develop properties for lease primarily to physicians, hospitals, and health care delivery systems. We are subject to risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, and further from the concentration of our investments in the health care sector. Any adverse effects that result from these risks could be more pronounced than if we diversified our investments outside of health care properties. Given our concentration in this sector, our tenant base is especially concentrated and dependent upon the health care industry generally, and any industry downturn could adversely affect the ability of our tenants to make lease payments and our ability to maintain current rental and occupancy rates. Our tenant mix could become even more concentrated if a significant portion of our tenants practice in a particular medical field or are reliant upon a particular health care delivery system. Accordingly, a downturn in the health care industry generally, or in the health care-related facility specifically, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Any failure, inability, or unwillingness by our tenants to pay rent or other amounts under leases could materially adversely affect our financial results; we may have difficulty finding suitable replacement tenants in the event of a tenant default or non-renewal of our leases, especially for our properties located in smaller markets. 
 
 Our portfolio of health care properties is leased to physicians, hospitals, health care delivery systems, and other health care providers and our revenues are subject to the financial strength of our tenants. We cannot provide assurance that our tenants will have sufficient assets, income, and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their respective obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by our tenants to do so could adversely affect our financial results. 
 
 We cannot predict whether our tenants will renew or extend existing leases beyond their current terms. Nearly all of our properties are subject to leases which have multi-year terms. As of December 31, 2022, leases representing 4.7 and 5.5 of leased square feet at our consolidated properties will expire in 2023 and 2024, respectively, and leases representing 0.9 of leased square feet had expired as of December 31, 2022. If any of our leases are not renewed or extended, or if a tenant defaults under the terms of its lease or becomes insolvent, we would attempt to relet those spaces or properties to other tenants or new tenants. In case of non-renewal, we generally have advance notice before expiration of the lease term to arrange for reletting or repositioning of the spaces or the properties and our tenants are required to continue to perform all of their obligations (including the payment of all rental amounts) under the non-renewed leases until such expiration. However, following expiration of a lease term or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease altogether while we relet or reposition the spaces or the properties with suitable replacement tenants. We also might not be successful in identifying suitable replacement tenants or entering into leases with new tenants on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, or at all, and we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs, and maintenance expenses) to preserve or improve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being relet or repositioned. Our ability to relet or reposition our properties, or spaces within our properties, with suitable tenants could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, CON or other laws, as well as by the Medicare and Medicaid change-of-ownership rules. We could also incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership, or change-of-ownership proceedings. In addition, our ability to locate suitable replacement tenants could be impaired by the specialized health care uses or contractual restrictions on use of the properties, and we may be required to spend substantial amounts to adapt the properties to other uses. Any such delays, limitations and expenses could adversely impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased properties, or otherwise exercise remedies for tenant default and could have a material adverse effect on us or cause us to take an impairment charge on a property. 
 
 All of these risks may be greater in smaller markets, where there may be fewer potential replacement tenants, making it more difficult to replace tenants, especially for specialized spaces, like hospital or outpatient treatment facilities located in our properties, and could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 26 

If the business, financial position, or results of operations of CommonSpirit or one or more of our CommonSpirit- tenants suffer or are adversely affected, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, or results of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, tenants affiliated with CommonSpirit, represented approximately 14.8 of our total consolidated annualized base rent. Although CommonSpirit is not a party to nor a guarantor of the related lease agreements, it controls each of the subsidiaries and affiliates that are parties to a master lease agreement we have with CommonSpirit tenants. Given this control, if CommonSpirit s business, financial position, or results of operations suffer or are adversely affected, it could adversely affect its ability to provide any financial or operational support for the subsidiaries and affiliates it controls, which could adversely affect one or more of the CommonSpirit-affiliated tenants ability to pay rent to us. In addition, if CommonSpirit were to cause its subsidiaries or affiliates to terminate any of their leases, vacate the leased premises, or consolidate, downsize, or relocate their operations from any of our premises, or if the subsidiaries and affiliates do not comply with the health care regulations to which the leased properties and operations are subject, we may be required to find other lessees for any affected leased properties and there could be a decrease or cessation of rental payments by CommonSpirit s subsidiaries and affiliates. Additionally, if CommonSpirit s business, financial position, or results of operations were to suffer or its credit ratings were to be downgraded, it could cause investors to lose confidence in our ability to collect rent from CommonSpirit-affiliated tenants and could cause our stock price to decline. Moreover, there can be no assurance that CommonSpirit s subsidiaries and affiliates will have sufficient assets, income, and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their payment obligations under their lease agreements. The inability of any of these subsidiaries and affiliates to meet their rent obligations could materially adversely affect our business, financial position, or results of operations including our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders as required to maintain our status as a REIT. The inability of CommonSpirit s subsidiaries and affiliates to satisfy their other obligations under their lease agreements such as the payment of taxes, insurance, and utilities could have a material adverse effect on the condition of the leased properties as well as on our business, financial position, and results of operations. For these reasons, if CommonSpirit were to experience a material adverse effect on its business, financial position, or results of operations, our business, financial position, or results of operations could also be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents could disrupt our business and result in the compromise of confidential information. 
 
 Our business is at risk from and may be impacted by cybersecurity attacks, or other significant disruptions to the Company s information technology systems involving us, our MOBs, our tenants, or any third party property managers, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our confidential data and to block access to our data, and other electronic security breaches, including those resulting from human error or technology failures. Cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. These cybersecurity risks may be heightened as a result of our tenants increased use of telehealth services. Such cyber attacks can range from individual attempts to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems to more sophisticated security threats. In the past, we have experienced cybersecurity breaches, which to date have not had a material impact on our operations, but there can be no assurance that any future breach or disruption will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operations. While we employ a number of measures to prevent, detect and mitigate these threats, there is no guarantee such efforts will be successful in preventing a cyber attack. Even well-protected information technology systems remain vulnerable, as techniques used in such attempted attacks continually evolve and in some cases are designed not to be detected and may not be detected. Accordingly, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate security barriers or other preventative measures, and thus it is impossible for us to entirely mitigate this risk. 
 
 In addition, we rely on third party property managers to manage certain of our properties and real estate assets. We face risks associated with cybersecurity attacks or breaches affecting such third party property managers. A cybersecurity attack or a security breach at any such third party could be perceived as a cybersecurity attack or a breach of our information technology systems. Cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions could disrupt our business, compromise confidential information of ours and third parties, including our tenants, damage our reputation, and subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties, all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We have and may in the future make investments in joint ventures, which could be adversely affected by our lack of decision-making authority, our reliance upon our joint venture partners financial condition, any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners and our exposure to potential losses from the actions of our joint venture partners. 
 
 We have and may in the future make co-investments with third parties through partnerships, joint ventures, or other entities, acquiring noncontrolling interests in or sharing responsibility for the management of the affairs of a property, 
 27 

partnership, joint venture or other entity. Joint ventures generally involve risks not present with respect to our wholly-owned properties, including the following: 
 
 our joint venture partners may make decisions with which we disagree or that are not in our best interest; 
 we may be prevented from taking actions that are opposed by our joint venture partners; 
 our ability to transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted; 
 our joint venture partners might become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions which may delay construction or development of a health care related facility or increase our financial commitment to the joint venture; 
 our joint venture partners may have economic or business interests or goals with respect to the health care related facility or the joint venture that are or become inconsistent with our business interests and goals which could increase the likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management, or disposition of the health care related facility or the joint venture may compete with us for property acquisitions; 
 disputes may develop with our joint venture partners over decisions affecting the health care related facility or the joint venture which may result in litigation or arbitration that would increase our expenses and distract our officers and/or trustees from focusing their time and effort on our business and possibly disrupt the daily operations of the health care related facility; 
 we may suffer losses as a result of the actions of our joint venture partners with respect to our joint venture investments; and 
 our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes, which could create conflicts of interest and risks to our REIT status. 
 
 Joint venture investments involve risks that may not be present with other methods of ownership. In addition to those risks identified above, our partners may be in a position to take action or withhold consent contrary to our instructions or requests. In the future, in certain instances, we or our partners may have the right to trigger a buy-sell arrangement, which could cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partners interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. Our ability to acquire our partners interest may be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity, or other capital resources. In such event, we may be forced to sell our interest in the joint venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it. Joint ventures may require us to share decision-making authority with our partners, which could limit our ability to control the properties in the joint ventures. Even when we have a controlling interest, certain major decisions may require partner approval, such as the sale, acquisition, or financing of a property. 
 
 Our health care properties and tenants face competition from nearby hospitals and other health care properties, and we may not realize the benefits that we anticipate from focusing on health care properties that are strategically aligned with a health care delivery system and from the relationships established through such strategic alignments. Further, we may not be able to maintain or expand our relationships with our existing and future hospital and health care delivery system clients. 
 
 As part of our business strategy, we focus on health care properties that are strategically aligned with a health care delivery system by (i) seeking to acquire, own, manage, and develop health care properties that are located on medical campuses where the underlying land is owned by a health care delivery system or by us, or (ii) seeking to acquire, own, manage, and develop health care properties located in close proximity to a health care delivery system or strategically aligned with a health care delivery system through leasing or other arrangements. We may not realize the benefits that we anticipate as a result of these strategic relationships, such as increased rents and reduced tenant turnover rates as compared to health care properties that are not strategically aligned. Moreover, building a portfolio of health care properties that are strategically aligned does not assure the success of any given property. The associated health care delivery system may not be successful and the strategic alignment that we seek for our health care properties could dissolve, and we may not succeed in replacing them. In addition, our health care properties, the associated health care delivery systems with which our health care properties are strategically aligned, and our tenants may be unable to compete successfully with nearby hospitals, medical practices, other health care properties that provide comparable services, pharmacies, and other retailers, like CVS, Walmart, Walgreens, and others, that may initiate or expand health care clinic operations and services to compete with our tenants. Any of our properties may be materially and adversely affected if the health care delivery system with which it is strategically aligned is unable to compete successfully. If we do not realize the benefits that we anticipate from our business strategy and our strategic alignments dissolve and we are not successful in replacing them, our reputation, business, financial results, and prospects may be adversely affected. 
 
 The success of our business depends, to a large extent, on our current and future relationships with hospital and health care delivery system clients. We invest a significant amount of time to develop, maintain, and be responsive to these relationships, and our relationships have helped us to secure acquisition and development opportunities, as well as other advisory, property management, and projects, with both new and existing clients. If our relationships with hospital or health 
 28 

system clients deteriorate, if a conflict of interest or non-compete arrangement prevents us from expanding these relationships, or if a hospital on or near whose campus one of our properties is located fails or becomes unable to meet its financial obligations, the business of our tenants could be adversely affected or our ability to secure new acquisition and development opportunities or other advisory, property management, and hospital project management projects could be adversely impacted and our professional reputation within the industry could be damaged. 
 
 We may not be successful in identifying and completing off-market acquisitions and other suitable acquisitions or investment opportunities, which may impede our growth and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 An important component of our growth strategy is to acquire off-market properties before they are widely marketed by the owners. Facilities that are acquired off-market are typically more attractive to us as a purchaser because of the absence of a formal marketing process, which could lead to higher prices or other unattractive terms. If we cannot obtain off-market deal flow in the future, our ability to locate and acquire facilities at attractive prices could be adversely affected. We expect to compete with many other entities engaged in real estate investment activities for acquisitions of health care properties, including national, regional, and local operators, acquirers and developers of health care-related real estate properties, and other investors such as private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. The competition for health care-related real estate properties has increased the price that we must pay for health care properties or other assets that we seek to acquire, and our competitors may succeed in acquiring those properties or assets themselves. In addition, our potential acquisition targets may find our competitors to be more attractive because they may have greater resources, may be willing to pay more for the properties, or may have a more compatible operating philosophy. In particular, larger REITs that target health care properties may enjoy significant competitive advantages that result from, among other things, a lower cost of capital, enhanced operating efficiencies, more personnel and market penetration, and familiarity with markets. In addition, the number of entities and the amount of funds competing for suitable investment properties may increase. Increased competition has increased demand for these assets and therefore increases prices paid for them. Those higher prices for health care properties or other assets may adversely affect our returns from our investments. 
 
 We have and may in the future make investments in development projects, which may not yield anticipated returns which could directly affect our operating results and reduce the amount of funds available for distributions. 
 
 A component of our growth strategy is exploring development opportunities, some of which may arise through strategic joint ventures. In deciding whether to make an investment in a particular development, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of that property. To the extent that we consummate development opportunities, our investment in these projects will be subject to the following risks: 
 
 we may not be able to obtain financing for development projects on favorable terms or at all; 
 we may not complete development projects on schedule or within budgeted amounts; 
 we may encounter delays in obtaining or fail to obtain all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, environmental and other governmental permits and authorizations, or underestimate the costs necessary to develop the property to market standards; 
 development or construction delays may provide tenants the right to terminate preconstruction leases or cause us to incur additional costs; 
 volatility in the price of construction materials or labor may increase our development costs; 
 hospitals or health systems may maintain significant decision-making authority with respect to the development schedule; 
 we may incorrectly forecast risks associated with development in new geographic regions; 
 tenants may not lease space at the quantity or rental rate levels projected; 
 demand for our development project may decrease prior to completion, including due to competition from other developments; and 
 lease rates and rents at newly developed properties may fluctuate based on factors beyond our control, including market and economic conditions. 
 
 If our investments in development projects do not yield anticipated returns for any reason, including those set forth above, our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders and the trading price of our common shares may be adversely affected. 
 
 29 

Some of our existing properties are, and properties we acquire in the future may be, subject to ground leases with fixed lease terms, use restrictions, rights reserved by ground lessors, and restrictions on doing business with competitors. 
 
 Ninety-seven of our consolidated properties, representing approximately 51.3 of our total leasable square feet and 51.0 of our annualized revenue based on rental payments as of December 31, 2022, are subject to ground leases that contain certain fixed lease terms and use restrictions and rights reserved by ground lessors. As a lessee under a ground lease, we are exposed to the possibility of losing the property upon expiration of the initial term, and any extension terms of the ground lease, or upon the earlier termination of the ground lease due to our breach of the ground lease. Our ground leases typically include restrictions on our ability to lease space to competitors and to other tenants who are not affiliated with, or on the staff of, the hospital or health system that owns the land underlying the MOB and limits the types of medical procedures that our tenants may perform in the MOB. Our ground leases also include rights reserved by the hospitals or health systems that own the underlying land, like purchase rights and rights of first offer and first refusal with respect to sales of the property. Our ground leases also restrict us from selling the property to competitors, usually within certain geographic limitations. 
 
 If we are required to accept lower rental rates than anticipated or if we are required to undertake significant capital expenditures to procure new tenants, then our business and results of operations may suffer. 
 
 Our growth could be impeded if we are required to lease or re-lease space in our MOBs at lower than expected rental rates, including annual rent escalators. We may not be able to lease or re-lease space on terms that are favorable to us or at all. Further, we may be required to undertake significant capital expenditures to renovate or reconfigure space to attract new tenants. If we are unable to promptly lease or re-lease space in our MOBs, if the rates upon such leasing or re-leasing are significantly lower than expected, or if we are required to undertake significant capital expenditures in connection with leasing or re-leasing the space in our MOBs, our business, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares may be adversely affected. 
 
 Uninsured losses or losses in excess of our insurance coverage could adversely affect our financial condition and our cash flows. 
 
 We maintain, and we require our tenants, property managers, and vendors to maintain when appropriate, desirable, or necessary, comprehensive liability property (including fire, flood, earthquake, wind as deemed necessary or as required by our lenders), extended coverage, builders risk, pollution, and business interruption and rental loss insurance with respect to our properties. Certain types of losses, however, may be either uninsurable or not economically insurable, such as losses due to pandemics and other communicable diseases, riots, acts of war, or terrorism. Should an uninsured loss occur, we could lose both our investment in and anticipated profits and cash flows from a health care-related facility. If any such loss is insured, we may be required to pay a significant deductible on any claim for recovery of such a loss prior to our insurer being obligated to reimburse us for the loss, or the amount of the loss may exceed our coverage for the loss. In addition, future lenders may require such insurance, and our failure to obtain such insurance could constitute a default under loan agreements. We may determine not to insure some or all of our properties at levels considered customary in our industry, which would expose us to an increased risk of loss. As a result, our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares may be adversely affected. 
 
 Environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with owning, leasing, developing, and operating our properties may affect our results of operations. 
 
 Under various U.S. federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, current and prior owners and tenants of real estate may be jointly and severally liable for the costs of investigating, remediating, and monitoring certain hazardous substances or other regulated materials on or in such property. In addition to these costs, the past or present owner or tenant of a property from which a release emanates could be liable for any personal injury or property damage that results from such releases, including for the unauthorized release of asbestos-containing materials and other hazardous substances into the air, as well as any damages to natural resources or the environment that arise from such releases. These environmental laws often impose such liability without regard to whether the current or prior owner or tenant knew of, or was responsible for, the presence or release of such substances or materials. Moreover, the release of hazardous substances or materials, or the failure to properly remediate such substances or materials, may adversely affect the owner s or tenant s ability to lease, sell, develop, or rent such property or to borrow by using such property as collateral. Persons who transport or arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances or other regulated materials may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at a disposal or treatment facility, regardless of whether or not such facility is owned or operated by such person. 
 
 Certain environmental laws impose compliance obligations on owners and tenants of real property with respect to the management of hazardous substances and other regulated materials. For example, environmental laws govern the management 
 30 

and removal of asbestos-containing materials and lead-based paint. In addition, compliance with new laws or regulations or stricter interpretation of existing laws may require us to incur significant expenditures. For example, proposed legislation to address climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency and resiliency of our existing properties . Failure to comply with these laws can result in penalties or other sanctions. If we incur substantial costs to comply with these environmental laws or we are held liable under these laws, our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares may be adversely affected. 
 
 We may be unable to make distributions which could result in a decrease in the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Substantially all of our assets are held through the Operating Partnership, which holds substantially all of its properties and assets through subsidiaries. Our Operating Partnership s cash flow is dependent upon cash distributions to it by its subsidiaries, and in turn, substantially all of the Trust s cash flow is dependent upon cash distributions to it by the Operating Partnership. The creditors of each of our direct and indirect subsidiaries are entitled to payment of that subsidiary s obligation to them, as and when due and payable, before distributions may be made by that subsidiary to its equity holders. Therefore, our Operating Partnership s ability to make distributions to holders of OP Units, including the Trust, depends on its subsidiaries ability first to satisfy their obligations to their creditors and then to make distributions to the Operating Partnership. Finally, the Trust s ability to pay dividends to holders of common shares depends upon our Operating Partnership s ability to first satisfy its obligations to its creditors and then to make distributions to the Trust. 
 
 While we expect to make regular quarterly distributions to the holders of our common shares, if sufficient cash is not available for distribution from our operations, we may have to fund distributions from working capital, borrow to provide funds for such distributions, or reduce the amount of such distributions. To the extent we borrow to fund distributions, our future interest costs would increase, thereby reducing our earnings and cash available for distributions from what they otherwise would have been. If cash available for distribution generated by our assets is less than expected, or if such cash available for distribution decreases in future periods from expected levels, our inability to make distributions could result in a decrease in the market price of our common shares. All distributions are made at the discretion of our Board of Trustees. Any inability to make distributions, or to make distributions at expected levels in the future, could result in a decrease in the market price of our common shares. 
 
 A failure to meet market expectations with respect to our business could negatively affect the market price of our common shares and thereby limit our ability to raise capital. 
 
 The availability of equity capital to us will depend, in part, upon the market price of our common shares which, in turn, will depend upon various market conditions and other factors that may change from time to time. Our failure to meet the market s expectation with regard to future earnings, acquisitions, and investment activity or the capitalization rates or expected return on investments, and amount of any cash distributions may adversely affect the market price of our common shares and, as a result, the cost and availability of equity capital to us. 
 
 In addition, the vesting of any restricted shares granted to trustees, executive officers, and other employees under our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, the issuance of our common shares or OP Units in connection with future property, portfolio or business acquisitions, and other issuances of our common shares, including pursuant to our ATM programs, may cause dilution to our shareholders and could have an adverse effect on the per share market price of our common shares and may adversely affect the terms upon which we may be able to obtain additional capital through the sale of equity securities. 
 
 The income from certain of our properties is dependent on the ability of third party property managers to successfully manage those properties. 
 
 We depend upon the performance of third party property managers to effectively manage certain of our properties and real estate assets. Approximately 40.6 of our total portfolio gross leasable area is managed by third party property managers. We do not control third party property managers, and are accordingly subject to various risks generally associated with outsourcing of management of day-to-day activities. The income we recognize from any properties managed by third party property managers is dependent on the ability of the property manager of such property to successfully manage the property, which such property management is not within our control. Property managers generally compete with other companies in the management of properties, with respect to the quality of care provided, reputation, physical appearance of the property, and price and location, among other attributes. A property manager s inability to successfully compete with other companies on one or more of the foregoing aspects could adversely impact our business and results of operations. Additionally, because we do not control third party property managers, any adverse events such as issues related to insufficient internal controls, cybersecurity incidents, or other adverse events may impact the income we recognize from properties managed by such third party property 
 31 

managers. We may be unable to anticipate such events or properly assess the magnitude of any such events because we do not control third party property managers who provide property management services to us. 
 
 Our business and operations have and may continue to be adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, and may be adversely affected by other outbreaks of pandemic disease. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken to address the effects of the pandemic, have had immaterial adverse effects on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Any other global outbreaks of pandemic disease could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s business, financial condition, and results of operations, including liquidity, capital, and financing resources will depend on numerous evolving conditions that the Company cannot predict. 
 
 Adverse economic conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, especially any downturns in the geographic areas in which we operate, and particularly in Texas and Georgia, or any downturn in the health care industry as a whole, may lower our occupancy levels. In certain cases, we restructured a tenant s long-term rent obligations and may not be able to do so on terms that are as favorable to us as those currently in place. 
 
 Certain of our employees work remotely, while many others are on hybrid schedules spending a percentage of each week in the office and the remainder working from home. The effects of periods of remote work arrangements could create increased vulnerability to cybersecurity breaches or incidents involving us or our third party managers, which could disrupt our business, compromise our confidential information and confidential information of our tenants and other third parties, damage our reputation, and subject us to liability claims or regulatory penalties, any and all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts, and may continue to impact, our operations and those of our tenants will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the scope, severity, and duration of the pandemic including whether there are additional waves, other additional periods of increased COVID-19 cases, or the emergence of other new or more contagious variants that may render vaccines ineffective or less effective. As well as the availability and effectiveness of vaccines or an effective treatment, the willingness of individuals to receive a vaccine or otherwise comply with various mandates, and the direct and indirect economic effects of the pandemic and containment measures, among others. If we are unable to respond and manage the impact of these events, our business, financial condition, and results of operations including liquidity, capital, and financing resources may continue to be adversely affected. 

Risks Related to the Health Care Industry 
 
 The health care industry is heavily regulated, and new laws or regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations, health policies, reimbursement levels from third-party payors, loss of licensure, or failure to obtain licensure could adversely impact our company and result in the inability of our tenants to make rent payments to us. 
 
 The health care industry is heavily regulated by U.S. federal, state, and local governmental authorities. Our tenants generally are subject to laws and regulations covering, among other things, licensure, certification for participation in government programs, billing for services, privacy and security of health information, and relationships with physicians and other referral sources. In addition, new laws and regulations, changes in existing laws and regulations or changes in the interpretation of such laws or regulations could negatively affect our financial condition and the financial condition of our tenants. These changes, in some cases, could apply retroactively. The enactment, timing, or effect of legislative or regulatory changes cannot be predicted. 
 
 The Affordable Care Act, along with other U.S. health care reform efforts, has resulted in significant health care reform since it was signed into law in 2010, including by changing how health care services are covered, delivered, and reimbursed through expanded coverage of uninsured individuals and reduced Medicare program spending. The complexities and ramifications of the Affordable Care Act are significant and were implemented in a phased approach which began in 2010. It remains difficult to predict the full effects of the Affordable Care Act and its impact on our business, our revenues, and financial condition and those of our tenants due to the law s complexity, lack of implementing regulations or interpretive guidance, gradual implementation, partial repeal, and possible full repeal. Further, we are unable to foresee how individuals and businesses will respond to the choices afforded them by the Affordable Care Act, or the effect of any potential changes made to the Affordable Care Act or other health care laws and programs. The Affordable Care Act could adversely affect the reimbursement rates received by our tenants, the financial success of our tenants and strategic partners, and consequently us. 
 
 32 

On January 20, 2017, then-President Trump issued an Executive Order stating that it is the administration s official policy to repeal the Affordable Care Act and instructing the Secretary of HHS and the heads of all other executive departments and agencies with authority and responsibility under the Affordable Care Act to, among other matters, minimize the economic and regulatory impacts of the Affordable Care Act to the extent permitted by law. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Act was signed into law. The Tax Act, amongst other things, repeals the Affordable Care Act s individual mandate penalty beginning in 2019. The elimination of the penalties does not remove the requirement to obtain health care coverage; however, without penalties there effectively will be no enforcement. On December 14, 2018, a federal district court in Texas ruled that the Affordable Care Act s individual mandate was unconstitutional. President Biden formally revoked President Trump s Executive Order regarding the Affordable Care Act on January 28, 2021. The United States Supreme Court heard the Texas case following a series of appeals, and dismissed the case and upheld the Affordable Care Act in June 2021. 
 
 Despite action by the current administration and the Supreme Court s decision to uphold the Affordable Care Act we cannot predict how the Affordable Care Act may be amended or modified, either through the legislative or judicial process, and how any such modification might impact our tenants operations or the net effect of this law on us. Both our tenants and we may be materially adversely affected by the law or its repeal, amendment, or replacement, and if the operations, cash flows, or financial condition of our operators and tenants are materially adversely impacted by any repeal or modification of the law, our revenue and operations may be materially adversely affected as well. 
 
 Additionally, certain of our operators and tenants will be subject to the requirements of the NSA, and at risk for civil monetary penalties for violations of its requirements. This could adversely affect their ability to pay us rent and accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Enforcement of the new IB Regulations could create additional risk of nonpayment given increased costs and the potential for penalties associated with such requirements, though the magnitude of such risk is still uncertain pending further guidance on enforcement from the government. 
 
 These quickly evolving (and at time conflicting) laws, regulations or other requirements and court decisions will likely create legal and operational challenges for health care providers, including our tenants that are hospitals, surgery centers, and certain physicians practices, and may exacerbate existing challenges around staffing, leading to increased costs for temporary or contract labor and potential business disruptions, any of which may adversely affect our tenant s ability to pay us rent. 
 
 Changes to health care laws and regulations, including to government reimbursement programs such as Medicare and reimbursement rates applicable to our current and future tenants, could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition of our tenants and, consequently, their ability to meet obligations to us. 
 Statutory, regulatory, and reimbursement policy changes and judicial decisions may impact one or more specific providers that lease space in any of our facilities. The laws and regulations applicable to the health care industry are subject to frequent and substantial changes that may have a dramatic effect on the permissible or impermissible activities, costs of doing business, availability, and amount of reimbursement by both government and other third-party payors, and the costs of complying with such laws and regulations. Such changes could adversely affect the ability of our tenants to make rent payments to us, which may have an adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial condition. This may in turn have an adverse effect on our ability to make distributions to our shareholders and the market price of our common shares. 
 For example, our tenants are generally subject to laws and regulations covering, among other things, laws protecting consumers against deceptive practices, laws relating to the operation of properties and businesses, such as fire, health and safety, data security and privacy laws, laws affecting hospitals, clinics, and other health care providers that participate in Medicare and/or Medicaid that specify reimbursement rates, pricing, reimbursement procedures, payment policies, HOPD eligibility, quality of services and care, background checks, anti-kickback and physician referral laws, EKRA, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 ADA and similar state and local laws, regulations established by the OSHA, requirements and regulations established by CMS, and other legislation such as the CARES Act and the CAA. 
 
 The se laws, policies and regulations and any amendments or newly established laws or regulations may have an adverse financial impact on the net operating revenues and profitability of many of our tenants, including MOBs and other physician offices. This could adversely affect their ability to pay us rent and accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Many states also regulate the establishment and construction of health care facilities and services, and the expansion of existing health care facilities and services through CON laws, which may include regulation of certain types of beds, medical equipment, and capital expenditures. Under such laws, the applicable state regulatory body must determine a need exists for a project before the project can be undertaken. If any of our tenants seeks to undertake a CON-regulated project, but are not 
 33 

authorized by the applicable regulatory body to proceed with the project, or encounter delays in approvals due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, these tenants could be prevented or delayed from operating in their intended manner and could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The application of lower reimbursement rates to our tenants or failure to qualify for existing rates under certain exceptions, the failure to comply with these laws and regulations, or the failure to secure CON approval to undertake a desired project could adversely affect our tenants ability to make rent payments to us which may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Adverse trends in health care provider operations may negatively affect our lease revenues and our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 The health care industry is currently experiencing, among other things: 
 changes in the demand for and methods of delivering health care services, such as telehealth services; 
 changes in third party reimbursement methods and policies; 
 consolidation and pressure to integrate within the health care industry through acquisitions, joint ventures, and managed service organizations; 
 increased scrutiny of billing, pricing, referral, and other practices by U.S. federal and state authorities; 
 competition among health care providers; 
 staffing and supply chain shortages and increased costs resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; and 
 increased scrutiny of control over release of confidential patient medical information. 
 
 These factors may adversely affect the economic performance of some or all of our tenants and, in turn, our lease revenues, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Reductions in reimbursement from third party payors, including Medicare and Medicaid, could adversely affect the profitability of our tenants and hinder their ability to make rent payments to us or renew their leases. 
 
 Sources of revenue for our tenants typically include private insurance payors, the U.S. federal Medicare program, state Medicaid programs, MCOs, HMOs, and ACOs. Health care providers continue to face government and private payor pressure to control or reduce health care costs and significant reductions in health care reimbursement, including changes to payment methodologies under the Affordable Care Act and other federal or state health care legislation. In some cases, private insurers rely upon all or portions of the Medicare payment systems to determine payment rates which may result in decreased reimbursement from private insurers. 
 
 The slowdown in the United States economy has negatively affected state budgets, thereby putting pressure on states to decrease spending on state programs including Medicaid. The need to control Medicaid expenditures may be exacerbated by the potential for increased enrollment in state Medicaid programs due to unemployment and declines in family incomes. Historically, states have often attempted to reduce Medicaid spending by limiting benefits and tightening Medicaid eligibility requirements. Many states have adopted, or are considering the adoption of, legislation designed to enroll Medicaid recipients in managed care programs and/or impose additional taxes on hospitals to help finance or expand the states Medicaid systems. On September 15, 2020, CMS advised states on implementing value-based care VBC programs, with a particular emphasis on Medicaid. VBC programs hold providers financially accountable for providing quality care, reducing health disparities, eliminating unnecessary procedures, and lowering costs. Potential reductions to Medicaid program spending in response to state budgetary pressures could negatively impact the ability of our tenants to successfully operate their businesses. 
 
 Efforts by payors to reduce health care costs will likely continue which may result in reductions or slower growth in reimbursement for certain services provided by some of our tenants. A reduction in reimbursements to our tenants from third party payors for any reason could adversely affect our tenants ability to make rent payments to us which may have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 34 

Our tenants and our company are subject to fraud and abuse laws, the violation of which by a tenant may jeopardize the tenant s ability to make rent payments to us. 
 
 There are various federal and state laws prohibiting fraudulent and abusive business practices by health care providers who participate in, receive payments from, or are in a position to make referrals in connection with government-sponsored health care programs, including the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Our lease arrangements with certain tenants may also be subject to these fraud and abuse laws. 
 
 Violations of these laws may result in criminal and/or significant civil penalties that range from punitive sanctions, damage assessments, penalties, imprisonment, denial of Medicare and Medicaid payments, and/or exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs. In addition, the Affordable Care Act clarifies that the submission of claims for items or services generated in violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim under the False Claims Act. Further, the government has taken the position, and some courts have held, that violations of these and other laws, such as the Stark Law, can also be a violation of the False Claims Act. We expect government enforcement of federal fraud and abuse laws to continue. 
 
 Imposition of any of these penalties upon one of our tenants or strategic partners could jeopardize that tenant s ability to operate or to make rent payments or affect the level of occupancy in our health care properties, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. Further, we enter into leases and other financial relationships with health care delivery systems that are subject to or impacted by these laws. We also have other investors who are health care providers in certain of our subsidiaries that own our health care properties. If any of our relationships, including those related to the other investors in our subsidiaries, are found not to comply with these laws, we and our health care provider investors may be subject to significant civil and/or criminal penalties. 
 
 Our health care-related tenants may be subject to significant legal actions that could subject them to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which may affect their ability to pay their rent payments to us, and we could be subject to health care industry violations. 
 
 As is typical in the health care industry, our tenants may become subject to claims that their services have resulted in patient injury or other adverse effects. Many of these tenants may have experienced an increasing trend in the frequency and severity of professional liability and general liability insurance claims and litigation asserted against them. The insurance coverage maintained by these tenants may not cover all claims made against them nor continue to be available at a reasonable cost, if at all. In some states, insurance coverage for the risk of punitive damages arising from professional liability and general liability claims and/or litigation may not, in certain cases, be available to these tenants due to state law prohibitions or limitations of availability. As a result, these types of tenants of our health care properties and health care-related facilities operating in these states may be liable for punitive damage awards that are either not covered or are in excess of their insurance policy limits. 
 
 We also believe that there has been, and will continue to be, an increase in governmental investigations of certain health care providers, particularly in the area of Medicare/Medicaid false claims, as well as an increase in enforcement actions resulting from these investigations. Insurance is generally not available to cover such losses. Any adverse determination in a legal proceeding or governmental investigation, any settlements of such proceedings, or investigations in excess of insurance coverage, whether currently asserted or arising in the future, could have a material adverse effect on a tenant s financial condition. If a tenant is unable to obtain or maintain insurance coverage, if judgments are obtained or settlements reached in excess of the insurance coverage, if a tenant is required to pay uninsured punitive damages, or if a tenant is subject to an uninsurable government enforcement action or investigation, the tenant could be exposed to substantial additional liabilities, which may affect the tenant s ability to pay rent, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. We could also be subject to costly government investigations or other enforcement actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 HIPAA was established to set national standards for the confidentiality, security, and transmission of personal health information PHI ). Health care providers are required, under HIPAA and its implementing regulations, to protect and keep confidential any PHI. HIPAA also sets limits and conditions on use and disclosure of PHI without patient authorization. The law gives patients specific rights to their health information, including rights to obtain a copy of or request corrections to their medical records. The physician or the medical practice can be liable if there are improper disclosures of PHI, including from 
 35 

employee mishandling of PHI, medical records security breaches, lost or stolen electronic devices, hacking, social media breaches or failure to get patient authorizations. Violations could result in multi-million dollar penalties. Actual or potential violations of HIPAA could subject our tenants to government investigations, litigation or other enforcement actions which could adversely affect our tenants ability to pay rent and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to pay distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic is affecting operations and financial condition of tenants and operators and future results of operations could continue to be negatively impacted and, consequently, their ability to meet obligations to us. 
 
 Increased demands for care put strain on resources and staff, which may require tenants and operators to utilize higher-cost temporary labor and to pay premiums above standard compensation for essential workers. Even with appropriate protective measures, exposure to COVID-19 increases the risk that physicians, nurses and other workers contract the virus, which could result in workforce disruptions and impact tenants ability to treat patients who seek care. Tenants and operators may be subject to lawsuits from patients, employees and others exposed to COVID-19 and/or related to vaccine requirements. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic or disruptions to manufacturing or supply chain operations could further impact the cost of medical supplies, and supply shortages and delays may impact tenants and operators ability to treat patients. The pandemic has placed additional stress on information technology systems, and the risk of cybersecurity threats or other disruption to these systems is elevated in the current environment. Broad economic factors resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, including increased unemployment rates and reduced consumer spending, may impact service volumes and revenues. Business closings and layoffs may lead to increases in the uninsured and underinsured populations and adversely affect demand for services, as well as the ability of patients to pay for services . 
 
 The CARES Act and related legislative and regulatory actions have provided relief measures intended to mitigate some of the economic disruption caused by the COVID-19 pandemic; however, interpretations of and regulations relating to these laws are subject to change in ways that may adversely affect tenants receipt of funding or eligibility to participate. Federal, state, and local governments may consider additional stimulus and relief efforts, but we are unable to predict whether any such measures will be enacted or their impact on tenants operations. There can be no assurance that the amounts or benefits received under current or future relief measures related to the COVID-19 pandemic will be sufficient to offset negative impacts on the tenants or operators arising from the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Trends in the methods of delivering health care services could reduce demand for medical office space. 
 
 The health care industry is experiencing, among other things, changes in the demand for and methods of delivering health care services such as telehealth, and telehealth services have also expanded rapidly in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the need for social distancing. During the COVID-19 pandemic, both government and other third-party payors have incentivized physicians, providers, and patients to utilize technology for medical encounters by paying and reimbursing for such encounters as if they were in-office encounters, and CMS has made several changes in the manner in which Medicare will pay for telehealth visits. It is unclear whether these incentives and other changes will remain in place permanently or will be rolled-back following the COVID-19 pandemic, although the Company expects that the availability and popularity of patients using telehealth services will continue to increase from pre-COVID levels over time. While the revenues and efficiencies of telehealth services may increase the service offerings of our tenants, a long-term increase in telehealth services could reduce demand for medical office space, which could increase non-renewal of leases by our tenants and adversely impact our ability to maintain current rental and occupancy rates and could adversely affect our revenues, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Risks Related to the Real Estate Industry 
 
 Our operating performance is subject to risks associated with the real estate industry. 
 
 Real estate investments are subject to various risks and fluctuations and cycles in value and demand, many of which are beyond our control. Certain events may decrease cash available for distributions as well as the value of our properties. These events include, but are not limited to: 
 
 vacancies or our inability to rent space on favorable terms, including possible market pressures to offer tenants rent abatements, tenant improvements, early termination rights, or tenant-favorable renewal options; 
 inability to collect rent from tenants; 
 36 

competition from other real estate investors with significant capital, including other real estate operating companies, REITs, and institutional private equity or other investment funds; 
 reductions in the level of demand for health care properties and changes in the demand for certain health care-related properties; 
 increases in the supply of medical office space; 
 increases in expenses associated with our real estate operations, including, but not limited to, insurance costs, third party management fees, energy prices, real estate assessments, and other taxes and costs of compliance with laws, regulations and governmental policies, and restrictions on our ability to pass such expenses on to our tenants; and 
 changes in, and changes in interpretation or enforcement of, laws, regulations, and governmental policies associated with real estate, including, without limitation, health, safety, environmental, real estate and zoning and tax laws, increases in real property tax rates and taxation of REITs, governmental fiscal policies, and the ADA. 
 
 In addition, periods of economic slowdown or recession, such as the recent U.S. economic downturn, rising interest rates or declining demand for real estate, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, could result in a general decline in rents or an increased incidence of defaults under existing leases. If we cannot operate our properties to meet our financial expectations, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share market price of our common shares, and ability to satisfy our debt service obligations and to make distributions to our shareholders could be adversely affected. 
 
 Illiquidity of real estate investments could significantly impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of any of our properties. 
 
 Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to promptly sell one or more of our properties in response to changing economic, financial, and investment conditions is limited. The real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates, and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any of our properties for the price or on the terms set by us or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us or at all. We also cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of any of our properties. We may be required to expend funds to correct defects or to make improvements before a property can be sold. We cannot assure that we will have funds available to correct those defects or to make those improvements. 
 
 In acquiring a property, we may agree to transfer restrictions that materially restrict us from selling that property for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed on that property. These transfer restrictions would impede our ability to sell a property even if we deem it necessary or appropriate. These facts and any others that would impede our ability to respond to adverse changes in the performance of our properties may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or ability to make distributions to our shareholders and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 Uncertain market conditions could cause us to sell our health care properties at a loss in the future. 
 
 We intend to hold our various real estate investments until such time as we determine that a sale or other disposition appears to be advantageous to achieve our investment objectives. Our Executive Leadership and the Trust s Board of Trustees may exercise their discretion as to whether and when to sell a property, and we will have no obligation to sell our buildings at any particular time. We generally intend to hold our health care properties for an extended period of time, and we cannot predict with any certainty the various market conditions affecting real estate investments that will exist at any particular time in the future. Because of the uncertainty of market conditions that may affect the future disposition of our health care properties, we may not be able to sell our properties at a profit in the future or at all. In addition, if we are unable to access the capital markets for financing in the future, we may need to sell some of our properties to raise capital. We may incur prepayment penalties in the event that we sell a property subject to a mortgage earlier than we otherwise had planned. Additionally, we could be forced to sell health care properties at inopportune times which could result in us selling the affected property at a substantial loss. Accordingly, the extent to which we will pay cash distributions and realize potential appreciation on our real estate investments will, among other things, be dependent upon fluctuating market conditions. Any inability to sell a health care property could adversely impact our ability to make debt payments and distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 We face risks associated with the potential impacts of severe weather events and climate change. 
 
 Severe weather events and climate change are highly uncertain and could have material adverse effects on our properties, operations, and business. To the extent that severe weather events, such as hurricanes, floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, blizzards, and extreme cold, or significant changes in climate occur in the geographic locations where our 
 37 

properties are located or cause damage to any of the properties, we may experience revenue loss, cost increase, construction delays, tenant disruption or displacement of their operations, and decreased demand for properties located in such geographic areas or affected by such changes. Climate change and severe weather may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of, or decreasing the availability of, property insurance on terms we find acceptable, by increasing the cost of energy, maintenance, repair of water and/or wind damage, and snow removal at our properties. In addition, changes in federal and state laws and regulations intended to reduce the impacts of climate change could result in, among other things, increased capital expenditures to improve energy efficiency at our properties, increased costs of property insurance or render such insurance unavailable on terms acceptable to us, and increased costs of developing properties without corresponding increases in revenue. 
 
 Our assets may be subject to impairment charges. 
 
 We periodically evaluate our real estate investments and other assets for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based upon factors such as market conditions, tenant performance, and legal structure. For example, the termination of a lease by a major tenant may lead to an impairment charge. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we would be required to make an adjustment to the net carrying value of the asset, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment charge is recorded. We have had tenant defaults that have caused us to record impairment charges in the past, and it is possible we may have tenant defaults in the future, which could lead to impairment charges. 
 
 Our investments in, or originations of, mezzanine and term loans will be subject to specific risks relating to the particular property or entity obligated to repay the loan, and our loans will involve greater risks of loss than senior loans secured by income-producing properties. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have eight mezzanine loans, five term loans, and one construction loan outstanding, and in the future, we may originate further loans. These investments involve special risks relating to the particular borrower, including its financial condition, liquidity, results of operations, business, and prospects. We may also originate other real estate-related investments which take the form of subordinated loans secured by second mortgages on the underlying property or loans secured by a pledge of the ownership interests of either the entity owning the property or a pledge of the ownership interests of the entity that owns the interest in the entity owning the property or other properties. These types of assets involve a higher degree of risk than long-term senior mortgage lending secured by income producing real property because the loan is in a subordinated position and there may not be sufficient proceeds remaining to repay the loan after foreclosure and sale of the property by the senior lender. In the event of a bankruptcy of the entity providing the pledge of its ownership interests as security, we may not have full recourse to the assets of such entity, or the assets of the entity may not be sufficient to satisfy such loan. If a borrower defaults on a loan or debt senior to our loan, or in the event of a borrower bankruptcy, such loan will be satisfied only after the senior debt. We may be unable to enforce guaranties of payment and/or performance given as security for some loans. As a result, we may not recover some or all of our initial expenditure. Mezzanine and term loans may partially finance the construction of real estate projects and so involve additional risks inherent in the construction process, such as adherence to budgets and construction schedules. In addition, mezzanine and term loans may have higher loan-to-value ratios than conventional mortgage loans, resulting in less equity in the property and increasing the risk of loss of principal. Significant losses related to our mezzanine and term loans would result in operating losses for us and may limit our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 

Risks Related to Financings 
 
 Required payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash to operate our properties or to pay the distributions currently contemplated or necessary to qualify as a REIT and may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. 
 
 We historically borrow on our unsecured revolving credit facility to acquire properties. Then, as market conditions dictate, we have issued equity or long-term fixed rate debt to repay borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. We are subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that existing indebtedness may not be refinanced or that the terms of refinancing may not be as favorable as the terms of current indebtedness. The majority of our borrowings were completed under indentures or contractual agreements that limit the amount of indebtedness we may incur. Accordingly, in the event that we are unable to raise additional equity or borrow money because of these limitations, our ability to acquire additional properties may be limited. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 164.9 million of mortgage debt on individual properties and approximately 193.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our unsecured credit facility. In addition, in January 2016, 
 38 

August 2016, March 2017, December 2017, and October 2021 we issued and sold 150.0 million, 75.0 million, 400.0 million, 350.0 million, and 500.0 million respectively, aggregate principal amount of senior notes. We expect to incur additional debt in the future. We do not anticipate that our internally generated cash flow will be adequate to repay our existing indebtedness upon maturity, and, therefore, we expect to repay our indebtedness through refinancings and future offerings of equity and debt securities, either of which we may be unable to secure on favorable terms or at all. Our level of debt and the limitations imposed upon us by our debt agreements could have adverse consequences, including the following: 
 
 our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; 
 we may be unable to borrow additional funds as needed or on favorable terms, including to make acquisitions; 
 we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness at maturity or the refinancing terms may be less favorable than the terms of our original indebtedness; 
 because a portion of our debt bears, or is expected to bear, interest at variable rates, an increase in interest rates could materially increase our interest expense; 
 we may fail to effectively hedge against interest rate volatility; 
 we may be forced to dispose of one or more of our properties, possibly on disadvantageous terms if we are able to do so at all; 
 our leverage could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who have less debt; 
 we may experience increased vulnerability to economic and industry downturns, reducing our ability to respond to changing business and economic conditions; 
 we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases; 
 we may violate financial covenants contained in our various loan documents which would cause a default on our obligations, giving lenders various remedies, including increased interest rates, foreclosure, and liability for additional expenses; 
 we may inadvertently violate non-financial restrictive covenants in our loan documents, such as covenants that require us to maintain the existence of entities, maintain insurance policies and provide financial statements, which would entitle the lenders to accelerate our debt obligations; and 
 our default under any of our mortgage loans with cross-default or cross-collateralization provisions could result in default on other indebtedness and result in the foreclosures of other properties. 
 
 The realization of any or all of these risks may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 193.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our unsecured credit facility. Since 2016, we have issued an aggregate of 1.5 billion of debt. All of these items are senior to our common shares upon liquidation, and we may in the future make offerings of debt or preferred equity securities which may be senior to our common shares for purposes of dividend distributions or upon liquidation, any of which may materially adversely affect the per share market price of our common shares. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately 193.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our unsecured credit facility. Since 2016, we have issued 1.5 billion of aggregate principal amount of senior notes. In the future, we may attempt to increase our capital resources by making additional offerings of debt or equity securities (or causing the Operating Partnership to issue debt securities), including medium-term notes, senior or subordinated notes, and classes or series of preferred shares. Upon liquidation, holders of our debt securities and lenders with respect to other borrowings will be entitled to receive our available assets prior to distribution to the holders of our common shares. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences, and privileges more favorable than those of our common shares and may result in dilution to owners of our common shares. Holders of our common shares are not entitled to preemptive rights or other protections against dilution. Because our decision to issue securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of our future offerings. Thus, our shareholders bear the risk that our future offerings could reduce the per share market price of our common shares and dilute their interest in us. 
 
 The derivative instruments that we may use to hedge against interest rate fluctuations may not be successful in mitigating our risks associated with interest rates and could reduce the overall returns on our shareholders investment. 
 
 We may use derivative instruments to hedge exposure to changes in interest rates on certain of our variable rate loans, but no hedging strategy can protect us completely. We cannot assure our shareholders that our hedging strategy and the derivatives that we use will adequately offset the risk of interest rate volatility or that our hedging of these transactions will not result in losses. Any settlement charges incurred to terminate unused derivative instruments may result in increased interest 
 39 

expense, which may reduce the overall return on our investments. These instruments may also generate income that may not be treated as qualifying REIT income for purposes of the 75 or 95 REIT income tests. 
 
 We rely upon external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and, if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future acquisitions necessary to grow our business or meet maturing obligations. 
 
 In order to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), we are required, among other things, to distribute each year to our shareholders at least 90 of our taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain. Because of this distribution requirement, we may not be able to fund all of our future capital needs from cash retained from operations, including capital needed to make investments and to satisfy or refinance maturing obligations. As a result, we expect to rely upon external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing, to fund future capital needs. If we are unable to obtain needed capital on satisfactory terms or at all, we may not be able to make the investments needed to expand our business or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. Our access to capital will depend upon a number of factors over which we have little or no control, including general stock and bond market conditions and investor interest, the market s perception of our current and potential future earnings, analyst reports about us and the REIT industry, cash distributions and the market price of our common shares, and other factors such as governmental regulatory action and changes in REIT tax laws. We may not be in a position to take advantage of attractive investment opportunities for growth if we are unable to access the capital markets on a timely basis on favorable terms. Moreover, additional equity offerings may result in substantial dilution of our shareholders interests, and additional debt financing may substantially increase our leverage, either of which could cause the per share price of our common shares to decline. 
 
 If we become highly leveraged in the future, the resulting increase in outstanding debt could adversely affect our ability to make debt service payments, to pay our anticipated distributions, to obtain additional financing, and to make the distributions required to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our indebtedness represented approximately 30 of our gross assets. If we become more highly leveraged, the resulting increase in outstanding debt could adversely affect our ability to make debt service payments, to pay our anticipated distributions, to obtain additional financing, and to make the distributions required to qualify as a REIT. The occurrence of any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, or credit ratings, our ability to make distributions to our shareholders, and the market price of our common shares. 
 
 We are subject to covenants in our debt agreements that may restrict or limit our operations and acquisitions and our failure to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 
 The terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness require us to comply with a number of customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining certain leverage and coverage ratios and minimum tangible net worth requirements. Our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. Breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the instruments governing the applicable indebtedness, in addition to any other indebtedness cross-defaulted against such instruments. Any such default could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, or our ability to make distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 A downgrade in our credit ratings could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 Our credit rating and the credit ratings assigned to our debt securities could change based upon, among other things, our financial condition. These ratings are subject to ongoing evaluation by credit rating agencies, and any rating could be changed or withdrawn by a rating agency in the future if, in its judgment, circumstances warrant such action. 
 
 If any of the credit rating agencies that have rated our securities downgrades or lowers its credit rating, or if any credit rating agency indicates that it has placed any such rating on a watch list for a possible downgrade or lowering, or otherwise indicates that its outlook for that rating is negative, such action could have a material adverse effect on our costs and availability of funding, which could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, the market price of our securities, and our ability to satisfy our debt service obligations, among other obligations. 
 
 40 

If securities analysts downgrade our common shares or the health care-related real estate sector, the market price of our common shares could decline. 
 
 The market for our common shares depends in part upon the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us and our industry. We have no control over these analysts. Furthermore, if one or more of the analysts who do cover us downgrades our shares or our industry, or the stock of any of our competitors, the price of our common shares could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of our company, we could lose attention in the market which in turn could cause the market price of our common shares to decline. 

Risks Related to Our Portfolio and Structure 
 
 We have no direct operations and rely upon funds received from the Operating Partnership to meet our obligations. 
 
 The Trust conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Partnership. As of February 14, 2023, the Trust owned approximately 96 of the OP Units and apart from this ownership interest, the Trust does not have any independent operations. As a result, the Trust relies upon distributions from the Operating Partnership to pay any distributions that the Trust might declare on the Trust s common shares. We also rely upon distributions from the Operating Partnership to the Trust to meet our obligations, including tax liability on taxable income allocated to the Trust from the Operating Partnership (which might make distributions to the Trust not equal to the tax on such allocated taxable income). Consequently, shareholders claims will be structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization of the Trust, claims of the Trust s shareholders will be satisfied only after all of the Trust s and the Operating Partnership s and its subsidiaries liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. 
 
 Our business could be harmed if key personnel terminate their employment with us or if we are unsuccessful in integrating new personnel into our operations. 
 
 Our success depends, to a significant extent, on the continued services of Mr. Thomas, our President and Chief Executive Officer, the rest of our executive leadership team, and other key employees. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our officers. Our ability to continue to acquire and develop health care properties depends upon the significant relationships that our senior management team has developed over many years. 
 
 Although the Trust has entered into employment agreements with our management team we cannot provide any assurance that any of them will remain employed by the Trust. Our ability to retain our leadership team, or to attract suitable replacements should any member of the senior management team leave, is dependent on the competitive nature of the employment market. Failure to attract, retain, and motivate highly qualified employees, or failure to develop and implement a viable succession plan, could result in inadequate depth of institutional knowledge, an ineffective culture, or lack of certain skill sets, significantly impacting our future performance and adversely affecting our business. Competition for talented employees is intense, and we cannot guarantee that we will retain our key officers and employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. 
 
 Certain provisions of Maryland law, the Trust s declaration of trust and the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership contain limits and restrictions on transferability of our outstanding shares of beneficial interest, which may have the effect of delaying, discouraging, or preventing a transaction or change of control of our company. 
 
 In order for us to qualify as a REIT, no more than 50 of the value of the Trust s outstanding shares of beneficial interest may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year. Subject to certain exceptions, the Trust s declaration of trust prohibits any shareholder from owning beneficially or constructively more than 9.8 in value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our shares of beneficial interest, though the Trust has granted, and may in the future grant, a waiver from the ownership limitations. The constructive ownership rules under the Code are complex and may cause the outstanding shares owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual entity. As a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8 of our outstanding shares of any class or series by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity to own constructively in excess of 9.8 of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our shares of beneficial interest and to be subject to the Trust s declaration of trust s ownership limit. The Trust s declaration of trust also prohibits, among other prohibitions, any person from owning our shares of beneficial interest that would result in our being closely held under Section 856(h) of the Code, or otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. Further, the partnership agreement of the Operating Partnership contains certain provisions such as redemption rights, restrictions on transfer of OP Units, consent and other rights of the Trust as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, and rights of the limited partners 
 41 

of the Operating Partnership to consent to certain transfers of the general partnership interest. The share ownership restrictions of the Code for REITs and the 9.8 share ownership limit, and other restrictions contained in the Trust s declaration of trust and the Operating Partnership s partnership agreement may inhibit market activity in our shares of beneficial interest, restrict our business combination opportunities, or otherwise delay, deter or prevent a transaction or change of control that our shareholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests. 
 
 In addition, certain provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law, MGCL ), applicable to Maryland real estate investment trusts may have the effect of inhibiting, delaying, deferring, or preventing a third party from making a proposal to acquire the Trust (and, indirectly, the Operating Partnership) or of impeding or delaying a change of control under circumstances that otherwise could provide the Trust s common shareholder with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of shares, including: 
 
 business combination provisions that, subject to limitations, prohibit certain business combinations between us and an interested shareholder (defined generally as any person who beneficially owns 10 or more of the voting power of our shares or an affiliate or associate of ours who was the beneficial owner directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of our shares at any time within the two-year period immediately prior to the date in question) or an affiliate thereof for five years after the most recent date on which the shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, and thereafter imposes certain minimum price and/or supermajority shareholder voting requirements on these combinations; and 
 control share provisions that provide that holders of control shares of our Trust (defined as shares that, when aggregated with all other shares controlled by the shareholder, entitle the shareholder to exercise one of three increasing ranges of voting power in electing trustees) acquired in a control share acquisition (defined as the direct or indirect acquisition of ownership or control of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions) have no voting rights with respect to their control shares, except to the extent approved by our shareholders by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding all interested shares. 
 
 The Trust s Board of Trustees has by resolution exempted any business combination between us and any other person from the business combination provisions of the MGCL, provided that the business combination is first approved by the Board of Trustees (including a majority of trustees who are not affiliates or associates of such person). In addition, the Trust s bylaws contain a provision exempting any and all acquisitions of our shares from the control share provisions of the MGCL. However, the Board of Trustees may at any time alter or repeal the resolution exempting certain businesses from the business combination provisions of the MGCL and we may at any time amend or eliminate the provision of our bylaws exempting acquisitions of our shares from the control share provisions of the MGCL. 
 Certain provisions of the MGCL permit the Board of Trustees, without shareholder approval and regardless of what is currently provided in the Trust s declaration of trust or bylaws, to implement certain corporate governance provisions with respect to the Trust, some of which (for example, a classified board) are not currently applicable to us. If implemented, these provisions may have the effect of limiting or precluding a third party from making an unsolicited acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of us under circumstances that otherwise could provide our common shareholders with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then current market price. Pursuant to our declaration of trust, we have elected to be subject to the provisions of Title 3, Subtitle 8 of the MGCL relating to the filling of vacancies on our Board of Trustees. 
 
 We could increase the number of authorized shares, classify and reclassify unissued shares, and issue shares without shareholder approval. 
 
 The Trust s Board of Trustees, without shareholder approval, has the power under the Trust s declaration of trust to amend our declaration of trust to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series of the Trust that we are authorized to issue, and to authorize us to issue authorized but unissued common shares or preferred shares. In addition, under the declaration of trust, the Board of Trustees has the power to classify or reclassify any unissued common or preferred shares into one or more classes or series of shares and set or change the preference, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends and other distributions, qualifications or terms or conditions of redemption for such newly classified or reclassified shares. As a result, we may issue series or classes of common shares or preferred shares with preferences, dividends, powers, and rights, voting or otherwise, that are senior to, or otherwise conflict with, the rights of holders of our common shares. Although the Board of Trustees has no such intention at the present time, it could establish a class or series of preferred shares that could, depending on the terms of such class or series, delay, defer, or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common shares or that our shareholders otherwise believe to be in their best interests. 
 42 

Risks Related to Our Qualification and Operation as a REIT 
 
 If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we will face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce funds available for distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Since our formation, the Trust has been organized and has operated in such a manner as to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the U.S. federal income tax laws, and we intend to continue to operate in such a manner, but no assurances can be given that we will operate in a manner so as to qualify or remain qualified as a REIT. 
 
 Failure to qualify as a REIT, or failure to remain qualified as a REIT, would cause us to be taxed as a regular corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for distribution to our shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, we would face serious tax consequences that would substantially reduce the funds available for distribution to our shareholders because: 
 
 we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at regular corporate rates; 
 we could possibly be subject to increased state and local taxes; and 
 unless we are entitled to relief under certain U.S. federal income tax laws, we could not re-elect REIT status until the fifth calendar year after the year in which we failed to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will no longer be required to make distributions. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could impair our ability to expand our business and raise capital, and it would adversely affect the value of our shares of beneficial interest. 
 
 Failure to make required distributions would subject us to U.S. federal corporate income tax. 
 
 We intend to operate in a manner so as to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In order to qualify as a REIT, we generally are required to distribute at least 90 of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding any net capital gain, each year to our shareholders. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement, but distribute less than 100 of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income at regular corporate rates. In addition, we will be subject to a 4 nondeductible excise tax to the extent that the actual amount that we pay out to our shareholders in a calendar year is less than a separate minimum amount specified under the Code. 
 
 Complying with REIT requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities or liquidate otherwise attractive investments. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our shareholders, and the ownership of our shares of beneficial interest. In order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make. Thus, compliance with the REIT requirements may hinder our performance. 
 
 In particular, we must ensure that at the end of each calendar quarter, at least 75 of the value of our assets consists of cash, cash items, government securities, and qualified real estate assets. The remainder of our investment in securities (other than government securities, securities of taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ), and qualified real estate assets) generally cannot include more than 10 of the outstanding voting securities of any one issuer or more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. In addition, in general, no more than 5 of the value of our assets (other than government securities, securities of TRSs, and qualified real estate assets) can consist of the securities of any one issuer, and no more than 20 of the value of our total assets can be represented by the securities of one or more TRSs. Debt instruments that do not otherwise qualify as real estate assets (because they are not secured by interests in real property or in certain entities that directly or indirectly own real property or because they are not issued by other publicly offered REITs) will generally not be taken into account for purposes of the aforementioned limitation on owning more than 10 of the total value of the outstanding securities of any one issuer. If we fail to comply with these requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income and amounts available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 
 43 

The prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to dispose of our properties. 
 
 A REIT s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100 penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. We may be subject to the prohibited transactions tax equal to 100 of net gain upon a disposition of real property. Although a safe harbor from the characterization of the sale of real property by a REIT as a prohibited transaction is available, we cannot assure you that we can comply with the safe harbor or that we will avoid owning property that may be characterized as held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Consequently, we may choose not to engage in certain sales of our properties or may conduct such sales through any TRS that we may form, which would be subject to federal and state income taxation. 
 
 Any ownership of a TRS will be subject to limitations and our transactions with a TRS will cause us to be subject to a 100 penalty tax on certain income or deductions if those transactions are not conducted on arm s-length terms. 
 
 Overall, no more than 20 of the value of a REIT s assets may consist of stock or securities of one or more TRSs. In addition, the Code also imposes a 100 excise tax on certain transactions between a TRS and its parent REIT that are not conducted on an arm s-length basis. We will monitor the value of our respective investments in any TRS for the purpose of ensuring compliance with TRS ownership limitations and will structure our transactions with any TRS on terms that we believe are arm s-length to avoid incurring a 100 excise tax on such transactions. There can be no assurance, however, that we will be able to comply with the 20 limitation or avoid application of the 100 excise tax. 
 
 If leases of our properties are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we could fail to qualify as a REIT and could be subject to higher taxes and have less cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 
 
 To qualify as a REIT, we must satisfy two gross income tests, under which specified percentages of our gross income must be derived from certain sources, such as rents from real property. Rents paid to the Operating Partnership by third party lessees and any TRS lessee pursuant to the leases of our properties will constitute substantially all of our gross income. In order for such rent to qualify as rents from real property for purposes of the gross income tests, the leases must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and not be treated as service contracts, joint ventures, or some other type of arrangement. If our leases are not respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes, we could fail to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the market price of our common shares. 
 
 At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. We cannot predict when or if any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation, or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective and any such law, regulation, or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our shareholders could be adversely affected by any such change in the U.S. federal income tax laws, regulations, or administrative interpretations. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 
 
 44 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Geographic Diversification/Concentration 
 
 The following table lists the states in which our consolidated properties are located and provides certain information regarding our consolidated portfolio s geographic diversification/concentration as of December 31, 2022: 
 State Number of Properties GLA (1) (square feet) Percent of GLA Annualized Base Rent (2) (thousands) Percent of Annualized Base Rent Alabama 7 312,439 2.0 8,171 2.3 Arizona 15 903,062 5.8 21,443 5.9 Arkansas 7 270,200 1.7 4,755 1.3 California 5 93,011 0.6 2,258 0.6 Colorado 5 134,331 0.9 3,244 0.9 Connecticut 4 166,196 1.1 4,365 1.2 Delaware 1 140,205 0.9 3,432 1.0 Florida 25 890,650 5.7 25,499 7.1 Georgia 8 1,072,222 6.9 26,093 7.3 Illinois 3 139,450 0.9 2,780 0.8 Indiana 22 1,042,071 6.8 22,996 6.3 Kentucky 12 980,639 6.3 18,120 5.0 Louisiana 4 249,832 1.6 8,466 2.4 Maine 1 44,677 0.3 1,381 0.4 Maryland 3 166,594 1.1 4,508 1.3 Michigan 9 662,055 4.3 15,827 4.4 Minnesota 19 828,008 5.3 17,579 4.9 Mississippi 3 261,480 1.7 6,007 1.7 Missouri 3 159,340 1.0 4,695 1.3 Nebraska 13 981,490 6.3 19,393 5.4 New Jersey 2 115,967 0.7 4,379 1.2 New Mexico 2 53,029 0.3 1,523 0.4 New York 14 699,087 4.5 17,795 4.9 North Dakota 8 434,215 2.8 8,654 2.4 Ohio 14 808,488 5.2 16,074 4.5 Oklahoma 1 52,000 0.3 613 0.2 Pennsylvania 13 394,726 2.5 7,582 2.1 Tennessee 8 706,805 4.6 14,022 3.9 Texas 29 1,863,733 12.1 49,176 13.6 Virginia 2 153,567 1.0 3,643 1.0 Washington 9 543,425 3.5 10,507 2.9 Wisconsin (3) 6 205,885 1.3 4,883 1.4 Total 277 15,528,879 100.0 359,863 100.0 
 (1) GLA means gross leasable area. 
 (2) Annualized base rent is calculated by multiplying (a) base rental payments for the month ended December 31, 2022, by (b) 12. 
 (3) Excludes the Company s 108,843 square foot corporate office building. 
 
 45 

Scheduled Lease Expirations 
 
 The following table provides a summary of lease expirations for our consolidated properties as of December 31, 2022, for the periods indicated: 
 Expiration (1) Number of Leases Expiring GLA Percent of GLA Annualized Base Rent (thousands) Percent of Annualized Base Rent Annualized Base Rent Leased per Square Foot (2) 2023 150 700,132 4.5 16,871 4.7 24.10 2024 130 808,590 5.2 19,824 5.5 24.52 2025 163 1,029,578 6.6 26,174 7.3 25.42 2026 181 3,367,273 21.7 77,207 21.5 22.93 2027 147 1,720,998 11.1 39,493 11.0 22.95 2028 119 1,767,008 11.4 41,723 11.6 23.61 2029 58 907,984 5.8 28,522 7.9 31.41 2030 61 846,153 5.4 20,173 5.6 23.84 2031 44 986,374 6.4 23,807 6.6 24.14 2032 76 1,225,821 7.9 31,064 8.6 25.34 Thereafter 45 1,207,295 7.8 30,924 8.6 25.61 Month to month (3) 52 184,857 1.2 4,081 1.1 22.08 Vacant 776,816 5.0 Total / Weighted average 1,226 15,528,879 100.0 359,863 100.0 24.39 
 (1) Excludes leases related to the Company s 108,843 square foot corporate office building. 
 (2) Annualized base rent per leased square foot is calculated by dividing (a) annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022 by (b) square footage under executed leases as of December 31, 2022. 
 (3) Includes 12 leases which expired on December 31, 2022, representing 0.8 of portfolio leasable square feet. 
 
 Tenants 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated properties were approximately 95 leased. No single tenant accounted for more than 5.0 of our total annualized base rent or 5.0 of total base revenue as of December 31, 2022; however, 14.8 of our total annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022 was from tenants affiliated with CommonSpirit. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information about the 10 largest tenants in our consolidated portfolio based on total annualized base rent as of December 31, 2022: 
 Tenant # of Properties Leased GLA Leased GLA Annualized Base Rent (thousands) of Portfolio Annualized Base Rent CommonSpirit - CHI - Nebraska 13 899,928 6.1 18,105 5.0 Northside Hospital 7 688,992 4.7 16,254 4.5 UofL Health - Louisville, Inc. 9 621,913 4.2 13,136 3.7 US Oncology 10 403,751 2.7 11,443 3.2 HonorHealth 8 415,791 2.8 11,192 3.1 Baylor Scott and White Health 2 268,639 1.8 8,356 2.3 Ascension - St. Vincent's - Indianapolis 3 361,767 2.5 8,040 2.2 UF Health - Jacksonville 2 223,748 1.5 7,973 2.2 CommonSpirit - CHI - St. Alexius 7 359,209 2.4 6,987 1.9 UnitedHealth Group Incorporated 7 193,579 1.3 5,997 1.8 Total 68 4,437,317 30.0 107,483 29.9 
 
 Before entering into a lease and during the lease term, we seek to manage our exposure to significant tenant credit issues. In most instances, we seek to obtain tenant financial information, including credit reports, financial statements, and tax returns. Where appropriate, we seek to obtain financial commitments in the form of letters of credit, security deposits, or 
 46 

personal guarantees from tenants. On an ongoing basis, we monitor accounts receivable and payment history for both tenants and properties and seek to identify any credit concerns as quickly as possible. In addition, we keep in close contact with our tenants in an effort to identify and address negative changes to their businesses prior to such adverse changes affecting their ability to pay rent to us. 
 
 Ground and Air Space Leases 
 
 We lease the land upon which 97 of our consolidated properties are built and the air which one property occupies, representing approximately 51.8 of our total leasable square feet and 51.4 of our annualized base revenue as of December 31, 2022. The ground and air leases subject these properties to certain restrictions. These restrictions may limit our ability to lease space in such facilities to tenants who are not affiliated with the health care delivery system that owns the underlying land and may limit the types of medical procedures that may be performed at the facilities. On-campus ground leases typically include purchase options, rights of first offer and rights of first refusal for the underlying health system or hospital owner, and restrictions from doing business with competitors. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we are party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to any legal proceedings which, individually or in the aggregate, we expect to have a material effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations if determined adversely to us. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 
 47 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 The Trust s common shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol DOC. As of February 14, 2023, the Trust had 437 registered shareholders of record of the Trust s common shares. 
 
 It has been the Trust s policy to declare quarterly dividends to its shareholders so as to comply with applicable provisions of the Code governing REITs. The declaration and payment of quarterly dividends remains subject to the review and approval of the Board of Trustees. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or to be filed with the SEC for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Physicians Realty Trust under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act. 
 
 The graph below compares the cumulative total return of our common shares, the Standard Poor s MidCap 400, and the MSCI US REIT Index (RMS), from the date of our listing on the NYSE on July 19, 2013 through December 31, 2022. The comparison assumes 100 was invested on July 19, 2013 in our common shares and in each of the foregoing indexes and assumes reinvestment of dividends, as applicable. The MSCI US REIT Index consists of equity REITs that are included in the MSCI US Investable Market 2500 Index, except for specialty equity REITS that do not generate a majority of their revenue and income from real estate rental and leasing operations. We have included the MSCI US REIT Index and the Standard Poor s MidCap 400 because we joined these indexes in November 2014 and May 2020, respectively, and we believe that both are representative of the industry in which we compete and are relevant to an assessment of our performance. 

48 

Index Period Ending Physicians Realty Trust Standard Poor s MidCap 400 MSCI US REIT (RMS) 7/19/2013 100.00 100.00 100.00 12/31/2013 112.34 109.53 91.70 12/31/2014 156.36 120.23 119.56 12/31/2015 167.72 117.61 122.57 12/31/2016 197.82 142.01 133.11 12/31/2017 196.89 165.07 139.86 12/31/2018 185.68 146.78 133.47 12/31/2019 234.20 185.23 167.96 12/31/2020 229.91 210.53 155.24 12/31/2021 256.17 262.66 222.09 12/31/2022 207.78 228.36 167.65 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 From time to time, the Operating Partnership issues OP Units to the Trust, as required by the Partnership Agreement, to reflect additional issuances of common shares by the Trust and to preserve equitable ownership ratios. 
 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 The following table sets forth information relating to repurchases of our common shares of beneficial interest and OP Units during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Period Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (or Unit) Total Number of Shares (or Units) Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares (or Units) that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1, 2022 - October 31, 2022 1,783,712 (1) 15.43 N/A N/A November 1, 2022 - November 30, 2022 N/A N/A December 1, 2022 - December 31, 2022 N/A N/A Total 1,783,712 15.43 
 (1) Represents OP Units redeemed by holders in exchange for cash and common shares of the Company. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 49 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, including the notes to those statements, included in this report, and the Section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this report. As discussed in more detail in the Section entitled Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, this discussion contains forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause those differences include those discussed in Part I, Item 1. Business and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

Company Highlights: 
 
 Reported total revenue of 526.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to total revenue of 457.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 15.1 . 
 Reported net income of 110.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net income of 86.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 26.8 . 
 Generated net income per share of 0.46 for the year ended December 31, 2022, on a fully diluted basis, compared to net income per share of 0.39 for the year ended December 31, 2021, on a fully diluted basis. 
 Generated Normalized FFO of 1.04 per share for the year ended December 31, 2022, on a fully diluted basis, consistent with the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Completed 159.7 million of investments, including the funding of previous loan commitments during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold five properties in three states for approximately 124.7 million and recognized a net gain of 57.4 million. 
 Issued and sold 6,678,177 common shares at a weighted average price of 15.89 per share, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 105.1 million pursuant to the 2021 ATM Program (as defined herein) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Achieved ENERGY STAR Certification Nation Premier Member status by receiving 16 new property certifications, totaling 26 certifications since 2021. 
 Earned 10 new Institute of Real Estate Management Certified Sustainable Property IREM CSP designations, totaling 38 certifications since 2019. 
 
 Subsequent Event Highlights: 
 
 Completed the acquisition of a medical condominium unit located in an Atlanta Pill Hill MOB for a purchase price of approximately 1.3 million and a parcel of land adjacent to one of our medical office facilities located in Avondale, Arizona for a purchase price of approximately 0.8 million. 
 On January 7, 2023, the Company paid its 15.0 million senior unsecured notes bearing fixed interest of 4.03 upon maturity. 
 Disposed of a 30,000 square foot medical office building on January 17, 2023 for 2.6 million recognizing an immaterial net gain on the sale. 
 Sold 4,400,000 common shares pursuant to the ATM program at a weighted average price of 15.10 since December 31, 2022, resulting in net proceeds of 65.8 million. 

Overview 
 
 We are a self-managed health care real estate company organized in April 2013 to acquire, selectively develop, own, and manage health care properties that are leased to physicians, hospitals, and health care delivery systems. We invest in real estate that is integral to providing high quality health care services. Our properties are typically located on a campus with a hospital or other health care facilities or strategically affiliated with a hospital or other health care facilities. We believe the impact of government programs and continuing trends in the health care industry create attractive opportunities for us to invest in health care-related real estate. In particular, we believe the demand for health care will continue to increase as a result of the aging population as older persons generally utilize health care services at a rate well in excess of younger people. Our management team has significant health care real estate experience and has long-established relationships with physicians, hospitals, and health care delivery system decision makers that we believe will provide quality investment and growth opportunities. Our principal investments include medical office buildings, outpatient treatment facilities, as well as other real estate integral to health care providers. In recent years, we have seen increased competition for health care properties and we 
 50 

expect this trend to continue. We seek to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders through a combination of stable and increasing dividends and potential long-term appreciation in the value of our properties and our common shares. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, leases representing a percentage of our consolidated portfolio on the basis of leased square feet will expire as follows: 
 Year Portfolio Lease Expirations MTM (1) 1.3 2023 4.7 2024 5.5 2025 7.0 2026 22.8 2027 11.7 2028 12.0 2029 6.2 2030 5.7 2031 6.7 2032 8.3 Thereafter 8.1 Total 100.0 
 (1) Includes 12 leases which expired on December 31, 2022, representing 0.9 of portfolio occupied leasable square feet. 
 
 We receive a cash rental stream from these health care providers under our leases. Approximately 93 of the annualized base rent payments from our properties as of December 31, 2022 are from absolute net and triple net leases, pursuant to which the tenants are responsible for operating expenses subject to specific lease terms relating to the property, including but not limited to real estate taxes, utilities, property insurance, routine maintenance and repairs, and property management. This structure helps insulate us from increases in certain operating expenses and provides more predictable cash flow. 
 
 Approximately 6 of the annualized base rent payments from our properties as of December 31, 2022 are from modified gross leases which allow us to pass through certain increases in operating expenses (e.g., property tax and insurance) to tenants for reimbursement, thus protecting us from increases in such operating expenses. We seek to structure our triple-net leases to generate attractive returns on a long-term basis. Our leases typically have initial terms of 5 to 15 years and include annual rent escalators of approximately 1.5 to 4.0 , with an annual weighted average rent escalator of approximately 2.4 . However, certain of the Company s leases contain annual rent escalators indexed to changes in the CPI, oftentimes subject to a floor or ceiling and a cap. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 5.7 of the Company s annual rent escalators have CPI provisions. Our operating results depend significantly upon the ability of our tenants to make required rental payments. We believe that our portfolio of medical office buildings and other health care facilities will enable us to generate stable cash flows over time because of the diversity of our tenants, staggered lease expiration schedule, long-term leases, and low historical occurrence of tenants defaulting under their leases. 
 
 We intend to grow our portfolio of high-quality health care properties leased to physicians, hospitals, health care delivery systems, and other health care providers primarily through acquisitions of existing health care facilities that provide stable revenue growth and predictable long-term cash flows. We may also selectively finance the development of new health care facilities through joint venture or fee arrangements with health care real estate developers or health system development professionals. Generally, we expect to make investments in new development properties when approximately 80 or more of the development property has been pre-leased before construction commences. We seek to invest in properties where we can develop strategic alliances with financially sound health care providers and health care delivery systems that offer need-based health care services in sustainable health care markets. We focus our investment activity on medical office buildings and ambulatory surgery centers. 
 
 We believe that trends such as shifting consumer preferences, limited space in hospitals, the desire of patients and health care providers to limit non-essential services provided in a hospital setting, and cost considerations, continue to drive the industry towards performing more procedures in outpatient facilities versus the hospital setting. As these trends continue, we believe that demand for medical office buildings and similar health care properties away from hospital settings and in convenient locations to patients will continue to rise. We intend to exploit this trend and seek outpatient properties consistent with our investment philosophy and strategies. 
 
 51 

While not our focus, we may choose to invest opportunistically in life science facilities, senior housing properties, skilled nursing facilities, specialty hospitals, and treatment centers. Consistent with our qualification as a REIT, we may also opportunistically invest in companies that provide health care services, and in joint venture entities with operating partners, structured to comply with the REIT Investment Diversification Act of 2007. 
 
 The Trust is a Maryland real estate investment trust and elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We conduct our business through an UPREIT structure in which our properties are owned by our Operating Partnership directly or through limited partnerships, limited liability companies, or other subsidiaries. The Trust is the sole general partner of our Operating Partnership and, as of December 31, 2022, owned approximately 95.9 of the OP Units. As of February 14, 2023, we have 237,905,938 common shares outstanding. 
 
 2022 Investment Activity 
 
 During 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of two medical office facilities and one medical condominium for an investment of 109.6 million and acquired membership interest in additional assets of the Davis Joint Venture (as defined herein) for an aggregate purchase price of 8.0 million. The Company also paid 6.4 million of additional purchase consideration under five earn-out agreements and funded one mezzanine loan for 5.8 million, three term loans for 22.7 million, and 2.1 million of previous construction loan commitments. Additionally, the Company invested 5.0 million in funds managed by a venture capital firm specializing in real estate technology, resulting in total investment activity of approximately 159.7 million. 
 
 During 2022, the Company sold five medical facilities, which included four medical office buildings and one hospital, representing 212,295 square feet for approximately 124.7 million, realizing an aggregate net gain of approximately 57.4 million. 

Recent Developments 
 
 On December 22, 2022, the Trust s Board of Trustees authorized and declared a cash distribution of 0.23 per common share and OP Unit for the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022. The distribution was paid on January 18, 2023 to common shareholders and OP Unit holders of record as of the close of business on January 4, 2023. 
 
 2023 Activity 
 
 Since December 31, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of a medical condominium unit located in an Atlanta Pill Hill MOB for a purchase price of approximately 1.3 million and a parcel of land adjacent to one of its medical office facilities located in Avondale, Arizona for a purchase price of approximately 0.8 million. The Company also paid its 15.0 million senior unsecured notes bearing fixed interest of 4.03 upon maturity and sold one 30,000 square foot medical office building located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania for 2.6 million recognizing an immaterial net gain on the sale. 
 
 52 

Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Change Revenues: Rental and related revenues 515,373 440,198 75,175 17.1 Interest income on real estate loans and other 11,262 17,501 (6,239) (35.6) Total revenues 526,635 457,699 68,936 15.1 Expenses: Interest expense 72,234 60,136 12,098 20.1 General and administrative 40,209 37,757 2,452 6.5 Operating expenses 171,100 137,408 33,692 24.5 Depreciation and amortization 189,641 157,870 31,771 20.1 Impairment loss 340 (340) NM Total expenses 473,184 393,511 79,673 20.2 Income before equity in loss of unconsolidated entities and gain on sale of investment properties, net: 53,451 64,188 (10,737) (16.7) Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities (790) (1,570) 780 49.7 Gain on sale of investment properties, net 57,375 24,165 33,210 NM Net income 110,036 86,783 23,253 26.8 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Total revenues increased 68.9 million, or 15.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. An analysis of selected revenues follows. 
 
 Rental and related revenues. Rental and related revenues increased 75.2 million, or 17.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Rental and related revenues was comprised of the following based upon contractual billing terms (in thousands): 
 2022 2021 Change Rental revenues 371,727 328,144 43,583 13.3 Expense recoveries 143,646 112,054 31,592 28.2 Rental and related revenues 515,373 440,198 75,175 17.1 
 Rental revenues increased 43.6 million, or 13.3 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Rental revenues increased 49.5 million from our properties acquired in 2022 and 2021, including 36.9 million related to the 14 medical office buildings acquired on December 20, 2021 from Landmark Healthcare Facilities LLC (the Landmark Portfolio ). Rental revenues also increased 0.3 million from our existing portfolio and 2.1 million due to revenue related to the recovery of certain variable tenant reimbursements. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in rental revenue of 8.4 million associated with properties sold during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Expense recoveries increased 31.6 million, or 28.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Expense recoveries increased 24.9 million from our properties acquired in 2022 and 2021, including 19.3 million related to the 14 medical office buildings acquired on December 20, 2021 from the Landmark Portfolio. Expense recoveries also increased 7.7 million due to an increase in operating expenses from our existing portfolio, explained below. 
 
 Interest income on real estate loans and other. Interest income on real estate loans and other decreased 6.2 million, or 35.6 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Interest income on real estate 
 53 

loan and other decreased 6.0 million due to an approximate 79.6 million lower average real estate loan balance in 2022 compared to 2021. An associated 0.2 million net decrease in our current expected credit loss reserves CECL was also the result of the lower average real estate loan balances discussed above. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Total expenses increased by 79.7 million, or 20.2 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. An analysis of selected expenses follows. 
 
 Interest expense . Interest expense increased 12.1 million, or 20.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes (as defined herein) in October 2021 resulted in an increase of 10.6 million, new mortgage debt resulted in an increase of 4.7 million, and an increase of 4.4 million was due to a higher effective interest rate on our credit facility. Our weighted average effective interest rate on our credit facility was 2.5 and 0.9 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These increases were partially offset by a loss on the extinguishment of debt in 2021 for 4.0 million and a reduction of interest expense of 2.2 million and 1.9 million related to the October 2021 pay off of our credit facility term loan and the associated pay-fixed receive-variable rate swaps, respectively. 
 
 General and administrative . General and administrative expenses increased 2.5 million, or 6.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase is mainly attributable to increased travel expenses of 0.8 million, non-cash compensation of 0.6 million, legal and professional fees of 0.5 million, office and administrative expenses of 0.4 million, and marketing expenses of 0.2 million. The increase in travel, office and administrative, and marketing expenses were the result of resuming normal activities previously limited by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 Operating expenses . Operating expenses increased 33.7 million, or 24.5 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The net operating expenses from properties purchased and sold in 2022 and 2021 increased 26.1 million, including 20.7 million related to the Landmark Portfolio. Operating expenses on the remaining properties increased by 7.7 million, or 5.8 year over year, mainly due to increased utility costs of 3.6 million, maintenance costs of 2.4 million, insurance costs of 1.0 million, and property management costs of 0.7 million. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization . Depreciation and amortization increased 31.8 million, or 20.1 , for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Depreciation and amortization increased 37.5 million for the properties purchased in 2022 and 2021, including 28.0 million related to the Landmark Portfolio. This was offset by a reduction in depreciation and amortization of 3.3 million associated with properties sold during 2022 and 2021, and a decrease in our existing portfolio of 2.4 million due to fully amortized lease intangibles. 
 
 Impairment Loss. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment charge of 0.3 million related to a medical office building in Traverse City, Michigan. The Company did not record any impairment for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities. The change in equity in loss of unconsolidated entities for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 is due to our additional investment of 8.0 million in the Davis Joint Venture in January 2022. 
 
 Gain on sale of investment properties, net. In 2022 we sold five medical facilities, which included four medical office buildings and one hospital, for approximately 124.7 million, realizing an aggregate net gain of approximately 57.4 million. In 2021 we sold seven properties and five adjacent parcels of vacant land for approximately 94.4 million and recognized a net gain of approximately 24.2 million. 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 A discussion of the results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 is found in Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and in the Investor Relations portion of our website www.docreit.com ). 
 
 54 

Cash Flows 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 (in thousands). 
 2022 2021 Cash provided by operating activities 258,400 246,774 Cash used in investing activities (38,472) (602,439) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities (222,074) 363,026 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents (2,146) 7,361 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities . Cash flows provided by operating activities were 258.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 246.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing an increase of 11.6 million. Net cash provided by operating activities increased primarily due to the impact of our 2022 and 2021 acquisitions, including the Landmark Portfolio, and contractual rent increases. These increases are partially offset by our 2022 and 2021 dispositions. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities . Cash flows used in investing activities was 38.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash flows used in investing activities of 602.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a change of 564.0 million. The decrease in cash flows used in investing activities was primarily attributable to a net decrease of 601.2 million in cash spent on the acquisitions of investment properties and unconsolidated entities along with an increase in cash of 30.5 million due to the proceeds on sale of investment properties. This was partially offset by a decrease in net investments in real estate loan receivables of 60.3 million and cash spent on capital expenditures which increased by 7.3 million. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities . Cash flows used in financing activities was 222.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash flows provided by financing activities of 363.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a change of 585.1 million. This change in cash flow is primarily due to a decrease in cash provided by proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes of 495.7 million, a decrease of 136.1 million in the issuance of mortgage debt, and a decrease in net proceeds from the sale of common shares pursuant to the ATM Program of 162.1 million. Additionally, there was a decrease of cash used in the redemption of Series A Preferred Units of 151.2 million, as no redemptions were made in 2022, net paydowns under the credit facility decreased by 61.0 million, payments made on financing leases decreased 8.3 million, and debt issuance costs decreased 7.3 million. These decreases were offset by an increase of 10.9 million in dividends paid to shareholders, 5.5 million of distributions to noncontrolling interests, and 3.1 million of principal payments on mortgage debt. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 (in thousands). 
 
 A discussion of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2020 is found in Item 7 of Part II of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022, which is available free of charge on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and in the Investor Relations portion of our website www.docreit.com ). 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 This report includes Funds From Operations FFO ), Normalized FFO, Normalized Funds Available For Distribution FAD ), Net Operating Income NOI ), and Cash NOI, which are non-GAAP financial measures. For purposes of Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act, a non-GAAP financial measure is a numerical measure of a company s historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of excluding amounts, that are included in the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in the statement of operations, balance sheet, or statement of cash flows (or equivalent statements) of the company, or includes amounts, or is subject to adjustments that have the effect of including amounts, that are excluded from the most directly comparable financial measure so calculated and presented. As used in this report, GAAP refers to generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America. Pursuant to the requirements of Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act, we have provided reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 
 55 

FFO and Normalized FFO 
 
 We believe that information regarding FFO is helpful to shareholders and potential investors because it facilitates an understanding of the operating performance of our properties without giving effect to real estate depreciation and amortization, which assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes ratably over time. We calculate FFO in accordance with standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts (Nareit). Nareit defines FFO as net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP) before noncontrolling interests of holders of OP units, excluding preferred distributions, gains (or losses) on sales of depreciable operating property, impairment write-downs on depreciable assets, plus real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs). Our FFO computation includes our share of required adjustments from our unconsolidated joint ventures and may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs that do not compute FFO in accordance with the Nareit definition or that interpret the Nareit definition differently than we do. The GAAP measure that we believe to be most directly comparable to FFO, net income, includes depreciation and amortization expenses, gains or losses on property sales, impairments, and noncontrolling interests. In computing FFO, we eliminate these items because, in our view, they are not indicative of the results from the operations of our properties. To facilitate a clear understanding of our historical operating results, FFO should be examined in conjunction with net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as presented in our financial statements. FFO does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, should not be considered to be an alternative to net income or loss (determined in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of our liquidity and is not indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions to shareholders. 
 
 We use Normalized FFO, which excludes from FFO net change in fair value of derivative financial instruments, acceleration of deferred financing costs, net change in fair value of contingent consideration, and other normalizing items. Our Normalized FFO computation includes our share of required adjustments from our unconsolidated joint ventures and our use of the term Normalized FFO may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies as they may have different methodologies for computing this amount. Normalized FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income or loss (computed in accordance with GAAP), as an indicator of our financial performance or of cash flow from operating activities (computed in accordance with GAAP), or as an indicator of our liquidity, nor is it indicative of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions. Normalized FFO should be reviewed in connection with other GAAP measurements 
 
 56 

The following is a reconciliation from net income, the most direct financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to FFO and Normalized FFO (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 110,036 86,783 68,488 Earnings per share - diluted 0.46 0.39 0.32 Net income 110,036 86,783 68,488 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests - partially owned properties (430) (607) (574) Preferred distributions (13) (1,241) Depreciation and amortization expense 189,221 157,437 149,208 Depreciation and amortization expense - partially owned properties (379) (280) (297) Gain on sale of investment properties, net (57,375) (24,165) (5,842) Impairment loss 340 4,872 Proportionate share of unconsolidated joint venture adjustments 9,289 8,860 7,063 FFO applicable to common shares 250,362 228,355 221,677 Loss on extinguishment of debt 4,025 Net change in fair value of contingent consideration (715) Proportionate share of unconsolidated joint venture adjustments (340) Normalized FFO applicable to common shares 250,022 232,380 220,962 FFO per common share - diluted 1.04 1.02 1.05 Normalized FFO per common share - diluted 1.04 1.04 1.05 Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 239,610,285 223,060,556 211,145,917 
 
 Normalized FAD 
 
 We define Normalized FAD, a non-GAAP measure, which excludes from Normalized FFO non-cash share compensation expense, straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of acquired above-market or below-market leases and assumed debt, amortization of lease inducements, amortization of deferred financing costs, and loan reserve adjustments, including our share of all required adjustments from unconsolidated joint ventures. We also adjust for recurring capital expenditures related to building, site, and tenant improvements, leasing commissions, cash payments from seller master leases, and rent abatement payments, including our share of all required adjustments for unconsolidated joint ventures. Other REITs or real estate companies may use different methodologies for calculating Normalized FAD, and accordingly, our computation may not be comparable to those reported by other REITs. Although our computation of Normalized FAD may not be comparable to that of other REITs, we believe Normalized FAD provides a meaningful supplemental measure of our performance due to its frequency of use by analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of our performance as a REIT. Normalized FAD should not be considered as an alternative to net income or loss attributable to controlling interest (computed in accordance with GAAP) or as an indicator of our financial performance. Normalized FAD should be reviewed in connection with other GAAP measurements. 
 
 57 

The following is a reconciliation from net income, the most direct financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to Normalized FAD (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 110,036 86,783 68,488 Normalized FFO applicable to common shares 250,022 232,380 220,962 Normalized FFO applicable to common shares 250,022 232,380 220,962 Non-cash share compensation expense 15,672 15,032 12,486 Straight-line rent adjustments (6,847) (8,671) (12,395) Amortization of acquired above/below-market leases/assumed debt 4,924 3,459 3,462 Amortization of lease inducements 900 1,157 1,156 Amortization of deferred financing costs 2,314 2,325 2,372 TI/LC and recurring capital expenditures (23,853) (25,532) (19,042) Loan reserve adjustments 75 (133) 84 Proportionate share of unconsolidated joint venture adjustments (1,018) (998) (624) Normalized FAD applicable to common shares 242,189 219,019 208,461 
 
 NOI and Cash NOI 
 
 NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure that is defined as net income or loss, computed in accordance with GAAP, generated from our total portfolio of properties and other investments before general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense, net change in the fair value of derivative financial instruments, gain or loss on the sale of investment properties, and impairment losses, including our share of all required adjustments from our unconsolidated joint ventures. We believe that NOI provides an accurate measure of operating performance of our operating assets because NOI excludes certain items that are not associated with management of the properties. Our use of the term NOI may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies as they may have different methodologies for computing this amount. 
 
 Cash NOI is a non-GAAP financial measure which excludes from NOI straight-line rent adjustments, amortization of acquired above and below market leases, and other non-cash and normalizing items, including our share of all required adjustments from unconsolidated joint ventures. Other non-cash and normalizing items include items such as the amortization of lease inducements, loan reserve adjustments, payments received from seller master leases and rent abatements, and changes in fair value of contingent consideration. We believe that Cash NOI provides an accurate measure of the operating performance of our operating assets because it excludes certain items that are not associated with management of the properties. Additionally, we believe that Cash NOI is a widely accepted measure of comparative operating performance in the real estate community. Our use of the term Cash NOI may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies as such other companies may have different methodologies for computing this amount. 

58 

The following is a reconciliation from the Trust s net income, the most direct financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP, to NOI, and Cash NOI (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income 110,036 86,783 68,488 General and administrative 40,209 37,757 33,763 Depreciation and amortization 189,641 157,870 149,590 Interest expense 72,234 60,136 57,179 Gain on sale of investment properties, net (57,375) (24,165) (5,842) Impairment loss 340 4,872 Proportionate share of unconsolidated joint venture adjustments 13,925 14,358 10,458 NOI 368,670 333,079 318,508 NOI 368,670 333,079 318,508 Straight-line rent adjustments (6,847) (8,671) (12,395) Amortization of acquired above/below-market leases 4,935 3,521 3,524 Amortization of lease inducements 900 1,157 1,156 Loan reserve adjustments 75 (133) 84 Change in fair value of contingent consideration (715) Proportionate share of unconsolidated joint venture adjustments (485) (690) (581) Cash NOI 367,248 328,263 309,581 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of operating and interest expenses and other expenditures directly associated with our properties, including: 
 
 property expenses; 
 interest expense and scheduled principal payments on outstanding indebtedness; 
 general and administrative expenses; and 
 capital expenditures for tenant improvements and leasing commissions. 
 
 In addition, we will require funds for future distributions expected to be paid to our common shareholders and OP Unit holders in our Operating Partnership. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 7.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and 807.0 million of near-term availability on our unsecured revolving credit facility. Our primary sources of cash include rent we collect from our tenants, borrowings under our unsecured credit facility, and financings of debt and equity securities. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operating activities, and borrowings available under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be adequate to fund any existing contractual obligations to purchase properties and other obligations through the next year. However, because of the 90 distribution requirement under the REIT tax rules under the Code, we may not be able to fund all of our future capital needs from cash retained from operations, including capital needed to make investments and to satisfy or refinance maturing obligations. As a result, we expect to rely upon external sources of capital, including debt and equity financing, to fund future capital needs. If we are unable to obtain needed capital on satisfactory terms or at all, we may not be able to make the investments needed to expand our business or to meet our obligations and commitments as they mature. We will rely upon external sources of capital to fund future capital needs, and, if we encounter difficulty in obtaining such capital, we may not be able to make future acquisitions necessary to grow our business or meet maturing obligations. 
 
 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for acquisitions, recurring and non-recurring capital expenditures, and scheduled debt maturities. We expect to satisfy our long-term liquidity needs through cash flow from operations, unsecured borrowings, issuances of equity and debt securities, proceeds from select property dispositions and joint venture transactions, and, in connection with acquisitions of additional properties, the issuance of OP Units of our Operating Partnership. 
 59 

Our ability to access capital in a timely and cost-effective manner is essential to the success of our business strategy as it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments and acquisitions. Factors such as general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our debt and equity securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the market price of our common shares, each of which are beyond our control and vary or fluctuate over time, all impact our access to and cost of capital. In particular, to the extent interest rates continue to rise, we may continue to experience a decline in the trading price of our common shares, which may impact our decision to conduct equity offerings for capital raising purposes. We have experienced and will likely continue to experience higher borrowing costs as interest rates rise, which may also impact our decisions to incur additional indebtedness, or to engage in transactions that we may need to fund through borrowing. We expect to continue to utilize equity and debt financings to support our future growth and investment activity. 
 
 We also continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments. New investments are generally funded from temporary borrowings under our primary unsecured credit facility and the proceeds from financing transactions such as those discussed above. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. Permanent financing for future investments, which generally replaces funds drawn under our primary unsecured credit facility, has historically been provided through a combination of the issuance of debt and equity securities and the incurrence or assumption of secured debt. 
 
 We intend to invest in additional properties as suitable opportunities arise and adequate sources of financing are available. We are currently evaluating additional potential investments consistent with the normal course of our business. There can be no assurance as to whether or when any portion of these investments will be completed. Our ability to complete investments is subject to a number of risks and variables, including our ability to negotiate mutually agreeable terms with sellers and our ability to finance the investment. We may not be successful in identifying and consummating suitable acquisitions or investment opportunities, which may impede our growth and negatively affect our results of operations and may result in the use of a significant amount of management s resources. We expect that future investments in properties will depend on and will be financed by, in whole or in part, our existing cash, borrowings, including under our unsecured revolving credit facility, or the proceeds from additional issuances of equity or debt securities. 
 
 We currently do not expect to sell any of our properties to meet our liquidity needs, although we may do so in the future. 
 
 We currently are in compliance with all debt covenants on our outstanding indebtedness. 
 
 Credit Facility 
 
 On September 24, 2021, the Operating Partnership, as borrower, and the Trust, as guarantor, executed the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement ), which extended the maturity date of the revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement to September 24, 2025 and reduced the interest rate margin applicable to borrowings. The Credit Agreement includes an unsecured revolving credit facility of 1.0 billion and contains a term loan feature of 250 million, bringing total borrowing capacity to 1.3 billion. The Credit Agreement also includes a swingline loan commitment for up to 10 of the maximum principal amount and provides an accordion feature allowing the Trust to increase borrowing capacity by up to an additional 500 million, subject to customary terms and conditions, resulting in a maximum borrowing capacity of 1.75 billion. The revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement also includes two six-month extension options. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 193.0 million of borrowings outstanding under its unsecured revolving credit facility. As defined by the Credit Agreement, 807.0 million is available to borrow without adding additional properties to the unencumbered borrowing base of assets. On October 13, 2021, the Company used the proceeds from the 2031 Senior Notes (as defined herein) to pay off and extinguish the 250 million term loan feature of the Credit Agreement. The Operating Partnership simultaneously terminated the existing pay-fixed receive-variable rate swaps associated with the full term loan borrowing of 250.0 million. As defined by the Credit Agreement, the term loan feature is no longer available to the Company. See Note 6 (Debt) to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our credit facility. 
 
 60 

Senior Notes 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued and outstanding by the Operating Partnership, comprised of 15.0 million maturing in 2023, 25.0 million maturing in 2025, 70.0 million maturing in 2026, 425.0 million maturing in 2027, 395.0 million maturing in 2028, and 545.0 million maturing in 2031. See Note 6 (Debt) to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for a further discussion of our senior notes. 
 
 On October 13, 2021, the Operating Partnership issued 500.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.625 Senior Notes due November 1, 2031 (the 2031 Senior Notes in a public offering (the October Debt Offering through underwriters for whom J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., and PNC Capital Markets LLC acted as representatives (the Representatives pursuant to an underwriting agreement, dated October 7, 2021, among the Operating Partnership, the Trust, and the Representatives. 
 
 The 2031 Senior Notes were registered under the Securities Act on the Trust s and the Operating Partnership s automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3ASR (File No. 333-236725), filed with the Commission on February 27, 2020. 
 
 The 2031 Senior Notes began accruing interest on October 13, 2021 and began paying interest semi-annually beginning May 1, 2022. The 2031 Senior Notes were sold at an issue price of 99.789 of their face value, before the underwriters discount. Our net proceeds from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, were approximately 495.1 million. We used the net proceeds of the October Debt Offering to pay off the existing balance of the unsecured revolving credit facility and the term loan feature of the Credit Agreement. The Operating Partnership simultaneously terminated each of the existing pay-fixed receive-variable rate swaps associated with the term loan borrowing. 
 
 The 2031 Senior Notes are subject to customary events of default, which may result in the accelerated maturity of the 2031 Senior Notes 
 
 ATM Program 
 
 During the fiscal year-ended December 31, 2022, we issued and sold pursuant to the ATM Program (as defined herein) 6,678,177 common shares at a weighted average price of 15.89 per share, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately 105.1 million. See Note 1 (Organization and Business) to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for further detail. 
 
 Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan 
 
 On December 2, 2014, we adopted a Dividend Reinvestment and Share Purchase Plan (the DRIP ). Under the DRIP: 
 
 existing shareholders may purchase additional common shares by reinvesting all or a portion of the dividends paid on their common shares and by making optional cash payments of not less than 50 and up to a maximum of 10,000 per month; 
 new investors may join the DRIP by making an initial investment of not less than 1,000 and up to a maximum of 10,000; and 
 once enrolled in the DRIP, participants may authorize electronic deductions from their bank account for optional cash payments to purchase additional shares. 
 
 The DRIP is administered by our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. Our common shares sold under the DRIP will be newly issued or purchased in the open market, as further described in the DRIP. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued 210,910 common shares under the DRIP since its inception. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with GAAP, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Set forth below is a summary of our accounting policies that we believe are critical to the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 61 

Lease Accounting 
 
 We, as lessor, make a determination with respect to each of our leases whether they should be accounted for as operating leases or direct financing leases. The classification criteria are based on estimates regarding the fair value of the leased facilities, minimum lease payments, effective cost of funds, the economic life of the facilities, the existence of a bargain purchase option, and certain other terms in the lease agreements. We believe all of our tenant leases should be accounted for as operating leases. Payments received under operating leases are accounted for in our consolidated statements of income as rental revenue for actual rent collected plus or minus a straight-line adjustment for estimated minimum lease escalators, adjustments relating to amortization of lease inducements and above/below-market leases, and rent abatements. Assets subject to operating leases are reported as real estate investments in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Substantially all of our leases contain fixed or formula-based rent escalators. To the extent that escalator increases are tied to an index with a floor or a fixed rate, lease payments are accounted for on a straight-line basis over the life of the lease. 
 
 Purchase of Investment Properties 
 
 We expect to record the majority of our future investments as asset acquisitions and as a result will capitalize acquisition costs. The purchase price, inclusive of acquisition costs, will be allocated to tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based on their relative fair values. Tangible assets primarily consist of land, buildings, and improvements. Intangible assets primarily consist of above-market or below-market leases, in-place leases, above-market or below-market debt assumed, right-of-use assets, and lease liabilities. Any future contingent consideration will be recorded when the contingency is resolved. The determination of the fair value requires the Company to make certain estimates and assumptions. See Note 2 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for details on our policies for recording purchases of investment properties. 
 
 Real Estate Investment Properties and Identified Intangible Assets 
 
 We are required to make subjective assessments of the useful lives of our properties for purposes of determining the amount of depreciation to record on an annual basis with respect to our investments in real estate. These assessments have a direct impact on our net income because if we were to shorten the expected useful lives of our investments in real estate, we would depreciate such investments over fewer years, resulting in more depreciation expense and lower net income on an annual basis. Real estate investment properties and identified intangible assets are carried at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization. Medical office buildings are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, typically ranging up to 40 years, using the straight-line method. Tenant improvements and in-place leases are amortized over the lease life of the in-place leases or the tenant s respective lease term. Cost of maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred. 
 
 We periodically assess the carrying value of real estate investments and related intangible assets in accordance with ASC Topic 360, Property, Plant Equipment ASC 360 ), to determine if facts and circumstances exist that would suggest that the recorded amount of an asset might be impaired or that the estimated useful life should be modified. In the event impairment in value occurs and a portion of the carrying amount of the real estate investment will not be recovered in part or in whole, a provision will be recorded to reduce the carrying basis of the real estate investment and related intangibles to their estimated fair value. The estimated fair value of our real estate investments is determined by use of a number of customary industry standard methods that include discounted cash flow modeling using appropriate discount and capitalization rates and/or estimated cash proceeds received upon the anticipated disposition of the asset from market comparables. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including the historical operating results, leases in place, known trends, and other market or economic factors affecting the real estate investment. The evaluation of anticipated cash flows is subjective and is based on assumptions regarding future occupancy, occupancy rates, lease rates, and capitalization rates that could differ materially from actual results. If our anticipated holding periods change or estimated cash flows decline based on market conditions or other unforeseen factors, impairment may be recorded. Long-lived assets classified as held-for-sale are recorded at the lower of carrying value or fair value less estimated costs to sell. 
 
 62 

Revenues 
 
 We recognize rental revenues in accordance with ASC 842, Leases . ASC 842 requires that rental revenue and adjustments relating to lease inducements and above-market and below-market leases be recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease when collectability is probable. Recognizing rental revenue on a straight-line basis for leases may result in recognizing revenue for amounts more or less than amounts currently due from tenants. Amounts recognized in excess of amounts currently due are included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. If the Company determines that collectability of straight-line rents is not probable, rental revenue is limited to the lease payments collected from the lessee, including any variable lease payments. 
 
 Rental and related revenues also include expense recoveries, which relate to tenant reimbursement of real estate taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses that are recognized in the period the applicable expenses are incurred. The reimbursements are recorded gross, as these costs are incurred by the Company and reimbursed by the tenants. We have certain tenants with absolute net leases. Under these lease agreements, the tenant is responsible for operating and building expenses and we do not recognize expense recoveries. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates are made for the valuation of real estate and related intangibles, valuation of financial instruments, impairment assessments, and fair value assessments with respect to purchase price allocations. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 REIT Qualification Requirements 
 
 We are subject to a number of operational and organizational requirements necessary to qualify and maintain our qualification as a REIT. If we fail to qualify as a REIT or fail to remain qualified as a REIT in any taxable year, our income would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates and potentially increased state and local taxes and we could incur substantial tax liabilities which could have an adverse impact upon our results of operations, liquidity, and distributions to our shareholders. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have investments in two unconsolidated joint ventures with ownership interests of 45.1 and 12.3 . The aggregate carrying amount of debt, including both our and our partners share, incurred by these ventures was approximately 806.4 million (of which our proportionate share is approximately 144.0 million). See Note 2 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. We have no other off-balance sheet arrangements that we expect would materially affect our liquidity and capital resources. 
 
 Inflation 
 
 Some of our lease agreements contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. These provisions include clauses that enable us to receive increased rent pursuant to escalation clauses which generally increase rental rates during the terms of the leases. These escalation clauses often provide for fixed rent increases or indexed escalations (based upon changes in the consumer price index or other measures). However, some of these contractual rent increases may be less than the actual rate of inflation. As of December 31, 2022, 5.7 of the Company s annual rent escalators are determined by changes in CPI or other measures. Most of our lease agreements also require the tenant to pay an allocable share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance costs, real estate taxes, and insurance. This requirement reduces our exposure to increases in these costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. 
 
 63 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Our future income, cash flows, and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. We use certain derivative financial instruments to manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings. We do not use derivatives for trading or speculative purposes and only enter into contracts with major financial institutions based upon their credit rating and other factors. Our derivative instruments consist of one interest rate swap. See Note 2 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 7 (Derivatives) to our consolidated financial statements included in Item 7 to this report for further detail on our interest rate swap. 
 
 Interest risk amounts are our management s estimates and were determined by considering the effect of hypothetical interest rates on our consolidated financial instruments. These analyses do not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in that environment. Further, in the event of a change of that magnitude, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to the change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, these analyses assume no changes in our financial structure. 
 
 Fixed Interest Rate Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated fixed interest rate debt totaled 1.5 billion, which represented 81.8 of our total consolidated debt, excluding the impact of our interest rate swap. We entered into a pay-fixed receive-variable rate swap for 36.1 million of our mortgage debt, fixing the LIBOR component of the borrowing rate to 1.43 , for an all-in fixed rate as of December 31, 2022 of 3.33 . Both the borrowing and pay-fixed receive-variable swap have a maturity date of October 31, 2024. 
 
 Assuming the effects of the interest rate swap agreement, our fixed interest rate debt would represent 83.7 of our total consolidated debt. Interest rate fluctuations on our fixed interest rate debt will generally not affect our future earnings or cash flows unless such instruments mature or are otherwise terminated. However, interest rate changes could affect the fair value of our fixed interest rate debt. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the fair value and the carrying value of our consolidated fixed interest rate debt were approximately 1.4 billion and 1.5 billion, respectively. The fair values of fixed-rate unsecured notes payable are estimated using quoted market prices. If quoted market prices are not available, then the fair value is estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis utilizing rates we would expect to pay for debt of a similar type and maturity if the loans were originated on December 31, 2022. As we expect to hold our fixed interest rate debt instruments to maturity, based on the underlying structure of the debt instrument, and the amounts due under such instruments are limited to the outstanding principal balance and any accrued and unpaid interest, we do not expect that market fluctuations in interest rates, and the resulting change in fair value of our fixed interest rate debt instruments, would have a significant impact on our operating cash flows. 
 
 Variable Interest Rate Debt 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our consolidated variable interest rate debt totaled 334.2 million, which represented 18.2 of our total consolidated debt. Assuming the effects of the interest rate swap agreement, our variable interest rate debt would represent 16.3 of our total consolidated debt. Interest rate changes on our variable rate debt could impact our future earnings and cash flows but would not significantly affect the fair value of such debt. As of December 31, 2022, we were exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in interest rates on 298.2 million of consolidated borrowings. Assuming no increase in the amount of our variable rate debt, if LIBOR and SOFR were to change by 100 basis points, interest expense on our variable rate debt as of December 31, 2022 would change by approximately 2.0 million and 1.0 million annually, respectively. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had one outstanding interest rate swap that was designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk, with a total notional amount of 36.1 million. See Note 7 (Derivatives) within our consolidated financial statements for further detail on our interest rate swap. We are exposed to credit risk of the counterparty to our interest rate swap agreements in the event of non-performance under the terms of the agreements. If we were not able to replace this swap in the event of non-performance by the counterparty, we would be subject to variability of the interest rate on the amount outstanding under our debt that is fixed through the use of the swap. 
 
 64 

Indebtedness 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had total consolidated indebtedness of approximately 1.8 billion. The weighted average interest rate on our consolidated indebtedness was 3.98 (based on the 30-day LIBOR rate of 4.33 and a SOFR rate of 4.30 as of December 31, 2022). As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 298.2 million, or approximately 16.3 , of our outstanding long-term debt exposed to fluctuations in short-term interest rates. 
 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to our consolidated indebtedness outstanding as of December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Principal Fixed/Floating Rate Rate Maturity Senior Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility 193,000 Floating LIBOR + 0.85 9/24/2025 Senior Unsecured Notes January 2016 - Series A 15,000 Fixed 4.03 1/7/2023 January 2016 - Series B 45,000 Fixed 4.43 1/7/2026 January 2016 - Series C 45,000 Fixed 4.57 1/7/2028 January 2016 - Series D 45,000 Fixed 4.74 1/7/2031 August 2016 - Series A 25,000 Fixed 4.09 8/11/2025 August 2016 - Series B 25,000 Fixed 4.18 8/11/2026 August 2016 - Series C 25,000 Fixed 4.24 8/11/2027 March 2017 Notes 400,000 Fixed 4.30 3/15/2027 December 2017 Notes 350,000 Fixed 3.95 1/15/2028 October 2021 Notes 500,000 Fixed 2.625 11/1/2031 Mid Coast Hospital MOB (1) 5,153 Floating LIBOR + 2.75 11/13/2028 Eden Hill Medical Center (2) 36,050 Fixed 3.33 10/31/2024 CareMount Medical - Lake Katrine MOB 23,726 Fixed 4.63 11/6/2024 University of Florida Health North MOB 60,000 Floating SOFR + 1.85 12/20/2026 Jackson Baptist Medical Center - Belhaven 20,000 Floating SOFR + 1.85 12/16/2026 Old Bridge Medical Office Building 20,000 Floating SOFR + 1.85 12/20/2026 Total principal 1,832,929 Unamortized deferred financing costs (7,453) Unamortized discounts (7,359) Total 1,818,117 
 (1) We own a 66.3 interest in the joint venture that owns this property. Debt shown in this schedule is the full amount of the mortgage indebtedness on this property. 
 (2) Our mortgage debt related to Eden Hill Medical Center bears interest at a rate equal to LIBOR + 1.90 . We have entered into a pay-fixed receive-variable interest rate swap, fixing the LIBOR component of this rate at 1.43 , resulting in an effective interest rate of 3.33 . 
 
 65 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 67 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 69 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 75 
 The report of Physicians Realty Trust s independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID:42) with respect to the above-referenced financial statements and their report on internal control over financial reporting are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K at the page number referenced above. Their consent appears as Exhibit 23 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 66 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Physicians Realty Trust 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Physicians Realty Trust (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules included in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) related to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 67 

Evaluation of net real estate property for impairment 
 Description of the Matter 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s consolidated balance sheet included net real estate property of 4.5 billion. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company periodically evaluates its long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the recorded amount of an asset may not be fully recoverable. If indicators of impairment are present, the Company evaluates the carrying value of the related long-lived assets in relation to its expected undiscounted future cash flows. The Company adjusts the net book value of long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows is less than book value. 
 
 Auditing management s long-lived assets impairment analysis was complex and involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the significant estimation required to determine the estimated undiscounted future cash flows of long-lived assets. In particular, the future cash flow estimates were sensitive to significant assumptions such as future rental revenues, operating expenses, occupancy, and capitalization rates which are affected by expectations about future market or economic conditions, as well as management s intent to hold and operate the property over the term and in the manner assumed in the analysis. 

How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company s long-lived assets impairment review process, including controls over management s review of the significant assumptions described above. 
 
 To test the Company s evaluation of long-lived assets for impairment, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the methodologies used, evaluating the significant assumptions discussed above, and testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current market data and performed sensitivity analyses of the significant assumptions discussed above. The evaluation of the Company s methodology and significant assumptions was performed with the assistance of our valuation specialists. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 68 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Trustees of Physicians Realty Trust 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Physicians Realty Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Physicians Realty Trust (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of Physicians Realty Trust at December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedules included in the Index at Item 15 and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 69 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, ASSETS 2022 2021 Investment properties: Land and improvements Building and improvements Tenant improvements Acquired lease intangibles Accumulated depreciation ) ) Net real estate property Real estate held for sale Right-of-use lease assets, net Real estate loans receivable, net Investments in unconsolidated entities Net real estate investments Cash and cash equivalents Tenant receivables, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Credit facility Notes payable Mortgage debt Accounts payable Dividends and distributions payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Lease liabilities Acquired lease intangibles, net Total liabilities Redeemable noncontrolling interests - partially owned properties Equity: Common shares, par value, common shares authorized, and common shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests: Operating Partnership Partially owned properties Total noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 70 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Rental and related revenues Interest income on real estate loans and other Total revenues Expenses: Interest expense General and administrative Operating expenses Depreciation and amortization Impairment loss Total expenses Income before equity in loss of unconsolidated entities and gain on sale of investment properties, net: Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Gain on sale of investment properties, net Net income Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests: Operating Partnership ) ) ) Partially owned properties (1) ) ) ) Net income attributable to controlling interest Preferred distributions ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares: Basic Diluted Dividends and distributions declared per common share 
 (1) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 71 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (In thousands) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements, net ) Reclassification of accumulated losses on interest rate swap to earnings Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests - Operating Partnership ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests - partially owned properties ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 72 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (In thousands) 
 Par Value Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Shareholders Equity Operating Partnership Noncontrolling interest Partially Owned Properties Noncontrolling Interest Total Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Balance at January 1, 2020 ) Cumulative effect of changes in accounting standards ) ) ) Net proceeds from sale of common shares Restricted share award grants, net ) Purchase of OP Units ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units ) ) Dividends/distributions declared ) ) ) ) ) Preferred distributions ) ) ) Issuance of OP Units in connection with acquisitions Distributions ) ) ) Change in market value of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests ) ) ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements ) ) ) Adjustment for Noncontrolling Interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 ) ) Net proceeds from sale of common shares Restricted share award grants, net ) Purchase of OP Units ) ) ) Dividends/distributions declared ) ) ) ) ) Preferred distributions ) ) ) Issuance of OP Units in connection with acquisitions Distributions ) ) ) Change in market value of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests ) Derecognition of cash flow hedge Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements Adjustment for Noncontrolling Interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Net proceeds from sale of common shares Restricted share award grants, net ) Purchase of OP Units ) ) ) Conversion of OP Units ) ) Dividends/distributions declared ) ) ) ) ) Contributions Distributions ) ) ) Change in market value of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest in partially owned properties Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreement Adjustment for Noncontrolling Interests ownership in Operating Partnership ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 73 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs Amortization of lease inducements and above/below-market lease intangibles Straight-line rental (revenue) expense, net ) ) ) Amortization of discount on unsecured senior notes Amortization of above market assumed debt ) ) ) Derecognition of cash flow hedge Loss on extinguishment of deferred financing costs Gain on sale of investment properties, net ) ) ) Equity in loss of unconsolidated entities Distributions from unconsolidated entities Change in fair value of derivatives Provision for bad debts ) Non-cash share compensation Net change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Impairment on investment properties Change in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant receivables ) ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Proceeds on sale of investment properties Acquisition of investment properties, net ) ) ) Investment in unconsolidated entities ) ) ) Capital expenditures on investment properties ) ) ) Issuances of real estate loans receivable ) ) ) Repayments of real estate loans receivable Leasing commissions ) ) ) Lease inducements ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net proceeds from sale of common shares Proceeds from credit facility borrowings Repayments on credit facility borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of mortgage debt Proceeds from issuance of senior unsecured notes Principal payments on mortgage debt ) ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) ) Payments made on financing leases ) Dividends paid - shareholders ) ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests - Operating Partnership ) ) ) Preferred distributions paid - OP Unit holders ) ) Contributions to noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests - partially owned properties ) ) ) Payments of employee taxes for withheld stock-based compensation shares ) ) ) Purchases of Series A Preferred Units ) Purchases of OP Units ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of year Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information - interest paid during the year Supplemental disclosure of noncash activity settlement of note receivable in exchange for Series A Preferred Units Supplemental disclosure of noncash activity - change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements ) Supplemental disclosure of noncash activity - issuance of OP Units and Series A Preferred Units in connection with acquisitions Supplemental disclosure of noncash activity Conversion of loan receivable in connection to the acquisition of investment property 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated or unless the context requires otherwise the use of the words we, us, our, and the Company, refer to Physicians Realty Trust, together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Physicians Realty L.P. 

Note 1. 
 common shares of beneficial interest, par value per share. The Trust filed a Registration Statement on Form S-11 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission with respect to a proposed underwritten initial public offering (the IPO and completed the IPO of its common shares and commenced operations on July 24, 2013. 
 
 The Trust contributed the net proceeds from the IPO to the Operating Partnership. The Trust and the Operating Partnership are managed and operated as one entity, and the Trust has no significant assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. The Trust s operations are conducted through the Operating Partnership and wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. The Trust, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, controls the Operating Partnership and consolidates the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. Therefore, the assets and liabilities of the Trust and the Operating Partnership are the same. 
 
 The Trust is a self-managed REIT formed primarily to acquire, selectively develop, own, and manage health care properties that are leased to physicians, hospitals, and health care delivery systems. 
 
 ATM Programs 
 
 In November 2019, the Trust and the Operating Partnership entered into separate At Market Issuance Sales Agreements (the 2019 Sales Agreements with each of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Raymond James Associates, Inc., and Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated, in their capacity as agents and as forward sellers (the 2019 Agents ), pursuant to which the Trust may issue and sell, from time to time, its common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to million, through the 2019 Agents (the 2019 ATM Program ). The 2019 Sales Agreements contemplate that, in addition to the issuance and sale of the Trust s common shares through the 2019 Agents, the Trust may also enter into one or more forward sales agreements from time to time in the future with each of KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., Raymond James Associates, Inc., and Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated, or one of their respective affiliates. 
 
 In May 2021, the Trust and the Operating Partnership entered into an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the 2021 Sales Agreement with KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., BMO Capital Markets Corp., and Raymond James Associates, Inc. in their capacity as agents for the Company and/or forward sellers and Stifel, Nicolaus Company, Incorporated in its capacity as sales agent for the Company (collectively, the 2021 Agents and Bank of Montreal, Credit Agricole Corporate and Investments Bank, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., and Raymond James Associates, Inc. as forward purchasers for the Company (the Forward Purchasers ), pursuant to which the Trust may issue and sell, from time to time, its common shares having an aggregate offering price of up to million through the 2021 Agents (the 2021 ATM Program and, together with the 2019 ATM Program the ATM Programs ). The 2021 Sales Agreement contemplates that, in addition to the issuance and sale of the Trust s common shares through the 2021 Agents, the Trust may also enter into one or more forward sales agreements from time to time in the future with each of the Forward Purchasers. Upon entry into the 2021 Sales Agreement, the Trust terminated the 2019 ATM Program. 
 
 75 

Quarterly period ended June 30 Quarterly period ended September 30 Quarterly period ended December 31 Year ended December 31 
 
 As of February 14, 2023, the Trust had million remaining available under the 2021 ATM Program. 

Note 2. 
 
 of the equity or has a controlling financial interest evidenced by ownership of a majority voting interest. All intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 OP Units valued at approximately million on the date of issuance to partially fund the acquisition of a portfolio. The portfolio had a total aggregate purchase price of approximately million. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Trust held a and interest in the Operating Partnership, respectively. As the sole general partner and the majority interest holder, the Trust consolidates the financial position and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Holders of OP Units may not transfer their units without the Trust s prior written consent, as general partner of the Operating Partnership. Beginning on the first anniversary of the issuance of OP Units to the respective holders, OP Unit holders 
 76 

-for-one basis. Such selection to pay cash or issue common shares to satisfy an OP Unit holder s redemption request is solely within the control of the Trust. Accordingly, the Trust presents the OP Units of the Operating Partnership held by investors other than the Trust as noncontrolling interests within equity in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Partially Owned Properties: The Trust reflects noncontrolling interests in partially owned properties on the consolidated balance sheets for the portion of consolidated properties that are not wholly owned by the Company. The earnings or losses from those properties attributable to the noncontrolling interests are reflected as noncontrolling interests in partially owned properties in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests - Partially Owned Properties 
 
 In connection with the Company s acquisitions of the medical office building, ambulatory surgery center, and hospital located on the Great Falls Hospital campus in Great Falls, Montana, physicians affiliated with the sellers retained non-controlling interests which were, at the holders option, able to be redeemed at any time after May 1, 2023. Due to the redemption provision, which was outside of the control of the Trust, the Trust classified the investment in the mezzanine section of its consolidated balance sheets. On July 14, 2022, the Company disposed of these properties and removed the related redeemable noncontrolling interest from its consolidated balance sheets. 

Dividends and Distributions 
 
 September 23, 2022 October 4, 2022 October 14, 2022 June 17, 2022 July 5, 2022 July 19, 2022 March 18, 2022 March 31, 2022 April 14, 2022 December 22, 2021 January 4, 2022 January 18, 2022 September 22, 2021 October 4, 2021 October 15, 2021 June 18, 2021 July 2, 2021 July 16, 2021 March 19, 2021 April 2, 2021 April 16, 2021 December 18, 2020 January 5, 2021 January 20, 2021 September 21, 2020 October 2, 2020 October 16, 2020 June 18, 2020 July 2, 2020 July 17, 2020 March 19, 2020 April 2, 2020 April 16, 2020 

77 

Section 199A Qualified REIT Dividend Qualified dividends Long-term capital gain (1) Unrecaptured Section 1250 gain Non-dividend distributions Total 
 (1) For distributions classified as Long-Term Capital Gain, the One Year Amounts Disclosure is , the Three Year Amounts Disclosure is , and is Section 1231 gain for purposes of Internal Revenue Code Section 1061. 
 
 78 

The Company did t record an impairment charge for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company recorded an impairment charge of million on medical office building in Traverse City, Michigan during the year ended December 31, 2021 and an impairment charge of million on medical office building in Grand Rapids, Michigan during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

There were properties classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2022 and property classified as held for sale as of December 31, 2021. Dispositions during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 did not qualify as discontinued operations. 
 
 79 

properties valued at million and paid additional consideration of million for a equity interest in the PMAK MOB JV REOC, LLC PMAK Joint Venture ). As of December 31, 2022 this joint venture owned medical office facilities located in states. 
 
 Since December 11, 2020, the Company contributed million, to acquire a membership interest in Davis Medical Investors, LLC Davis Joint Venture ). As of December 31, 2022, the Company holds a membership interest in the Davis Joint Venture, which owns medical office facilities located in states. 
 
 mezzanine loans, construction loan, and term loans as of December 31, 2022. Generally, each mezzanine loan is collateralized by an ownership interest in the respective borrower, each term loan is secured by a mortgage of a related medical office building, and the construction loan is secured by a mortgage on the land and improvements as constructed. Interest income on loans is recognized as earned based on the terms of the loans subject to evaluation of collectability risks and is included in the Company s consolidated statements of income. On a quarterly basis, the Company evaluates the collectability of its loan portfolio, including related interest income receivable, and establishes a reserve for loan losses, if necessary. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company s loan loss reserves were million and million, respectively. 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, excluding the asset classified as held for sale in 2021. If the Company determines that collectability of straight-line rents is not probable, income recognition is limited to the lesser of cash collected, or lease income reflected on a straight-line basis, plus variable rent when it becomes accruable. 
 
 In accordance with ASC 842, if the collectability of a lease changes after the commencement date, any difference between lease income that would have been recognized and the lease payments shall be recognized as an adjustment to lease income. Bad debt recognized as an adjustment to rental revenues was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 
 Rental revenue is adjusted by the amortization of lease inducements and above-market or below-market rents on certain leases. Lease inducements and above-market or below-market rents are amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining lease term. Rental and related revenues also include expense recoveries, which relate to tenant reimbursement of real estate taxes, insurance, and other operating expenses that are recognized in the period the applicable expenses are incurred. The reimbursements are recorded gross, as these costs are incurred by the Company and reimbursed by the tenants. We have certain tenants with absolute net leases. Under these lease agreements, the tenant is responsible for operating and building expenses and we do not recognize expense recoveries. 

80 

outstanding interest rate swap, designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk. Further detail is provided in Note 7 (Derivatives). 

Based on existing leases as of December 31, 2022, committed but unspent tenant related obligations were million. 
 
 81 

million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020 from Baylor Scott and White Health, a health care system affiliated with a member of the Trust s Board of Trustees. 
 
 reportable segment with activities related to leasing and managing health care properties. 

Note 3. 
 
 medical office facilities and medical condominium unit for an investment of million and acquired membership interest in additional assets of the Davis Joint Venture for an aggregate purchase price of million. The Company also paid million of additional purchase consideration under earn-out agreements and funded mezzanine loan for million, term loans for million, and million of previous construction loan commitments. Additionally, the Company invested million in funds managed by a venture capital firm specializing in real estate technology, resulting in total investment activity of approximately million as of December 31, 2022. As part of these investments, the Company incurred approximately million of capitalized costs. 
 
 82 

New Albany Medical Center II New Albany, OH April 26, 2022 Calko Medical Center Brooklyn, NY September 9, 2022 Atlanta Medical Condominium Investment Atlanta, GA December 5, 2022 Earnouts Various Various Private Equity Fund Investment (2) N/A Various Loan Investments Various Various 
 (1) The Company acquired a membership interest in properties through the Davis Joint Venture representing square feet at an aggregate valuation of million, including an million equity contribution and a million pro rata share of joint venture debt. On November 21, 2022, the Davis Joint Venture acquired a property representing square feet at an aggregate valuation of million. The Company did not make an equity contribution towards this property but did acquire a million pro rata share of joint venture debt. 
 (2) The Company invested in funds managed by a venture capital firm specializing in real estate technology. 
 
 During 2022, the Company recorded revenues and net loss of million and million, respectively, from its 2022 acquisitions. 
 
 During 2021, the Company completed the acquisition of operating health care properties, which includes the remaining membership interest in the Eden Hill Joint Venture, and medical condominium units located in states, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately million, excluding the conversion of a previously outstanding construction loan of million. The Company also paid million of additional purchase consideration on property under an earn-out agreement. Additionally, the Company funded mezzanine loans for million, and closed on a million construction loan, funding million as of December 31, 2021. The Company also acquired membership interests in joint venture for approximately million, resulting in total investment activity of approximately million. As part of these investments, the Company incurred approximately million of capitalized transaction costs. 
 
 AdventHealth Wesley Chapel MOB II Wesley Chapel, FL April 21, 2021 TOPA Denton (1) Denton, TX June 11, 2021 InterMed MOB - Davis Joint Venture (2) Portland, ME August 18, 2021 Atkins Portfolio (5 MOBs) Various August 30, 2021 HonorHealth - Sonoran MOB Phoenix, AZ September 23, 2021 Eden Hill Medical Center (3) Dover, DE October 15, 2021 HonorHealth - Neuroscience Institute Scottsdale, AZ October 27, 2021 Landmark Portfolio (14 MOBs) (4) Various December 20, 2021 Atlanta Medical Condominium Investment Atlanta, GA Various Loan Investments Various Various 
 (1) The Company funded this investment through the conversion and satisfaction of a previously outstanding construction loan of million. 
 83 

membership interest in this property through the Davis Joint Venture. 
 (3) The Company purchased the remaining membership interest in the MedCore Realty Eden Hill, LLC joint venture, and as of December 31, 2021 owns of this property. 
 (4) This portfolio was funded through an aggregate OP Units and Series A Preferred Units issued by the Operating Partnership valued at approximately million and million, respectively, on the date of issuance. The Company also financed an aggregate million through new mortgages and paid million of cash. On December 28, 2021, all of the Series A Preferred Units were redeemed for a total value of million and as a result of this redemption, there are Series A Preferred Units outstanding. 
 
 For 2021, the Company recorded revenues and net loss of million and million, respectively, from its 2021 acquisitions. 
 
 Building and improvements In-place lease intangibles Above market in-place lease intangibles Below market in-place lease intangibles ) ) Right-of-use asset Prepaid expenses Lease liability ) Net assets acquired (1) Issuance of Series A Preferred Units ) Issuance of OP Units ) NCI-redeemable ) Satisfaction of real estate loans receivable and conversion of JV interest ) ) Cash used in acquisition of investment property 
 (1) Net assets acquired does not include acquisition credits of million for the year ended December 31, 2021, which consist primarily of future tenant improvements and capital expenditure commitments received as credits at the time of acquisition. 
 
 Dispositions 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company sold medical facilities, which included medical office buildings and hospital, representing square feet for approximately million, realizing an aggregate net gain of approximately million. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold properties and adjacent parcels of vacant land located in states for approximately million and recognized a net gain of approximately million. 
 
 84 

Note 4. 
 
 ) ) Above-market leases ) ) Liabilities Below-market leases ) ) 
 
 Decrease of rental income related to above-market leases Increase of rental income related to below-market leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter ) Total 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the weighted average amortization periods for asset lease intangibles and liability lease intangibles are years and years, respectively. Further detail is provided in Note 2 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies). 
 
 85 

Note 5. 
 Leasing commissions, net Prepaid expenses Lease inducements, net Interest rate swap Escrows Notes receivable, net Other Total 

Note 6. 
 Variable interest mortgage notes (2) Total mortgage debt billion unsecured revolving credit facility bearing variable interest of LIBOR plus , due September 2025 
 million senior unsecured notes bearing fixed interest of , due March 2027 
 million senior unsecured notes bearing fixed interest of , due January 2028 
 million senior unsecured notes bearing fixed interest of , due November 2031 
 million senior unsecured notes bearing fixed interest of to , due January 2023 to 2031 
 million senior unsecured notes bearing fixed interest of to , due August 2025 to 2027 
 Total principal Unamortized deferred financing costs ) ) Unamortized discounts ) ) Unamortized fair value adjustments Total debt 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, fixed interest mortgage notes bear interest from to , due in 2024, with a weighted average interest rate of . As of December 31, 2021, fixed interest mortgage notes bear interest from and , due in 2022 and 2024, with a weighted average interest rate of . The notes are collateralized by properties with a net book value of million as of December 31, 2022 and properties with a net book value of million as of December 31, 2021. One mortgage bears interest at LIBOR + and the Trust entered into a pay-fixed receive-variable interest rate swap, fixing the LIBOR component of this rate at . 
 (2) Variable interest mortgage notes bear variable interest of LIBOR plus and SOFR plus for a weighted average interest rate of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The notes are due in 2026 and 2028 and collateralized by properties with a net book value of million as of December 31, 2022 and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 On September 24, 2021, the Operating Partnership, as borrower, and the Trust, as guarantor, executed a Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement which extended the maturity date of the revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement to September 24, 2025 and reduced the interest rate margin applicable to borrowings. The 
 86 

billion and contains a term loan feature of million, bringing total borrowing capacity to billion. The Credit Agreement also includes a swingline loan commitment for up to of the maximum principal amount and provides an accordion feature allowing the Operating Partnership to increase borrowing capacity by up to an additional million, subject to customary terms and conditions, resulting in a maximum borrowing capacity of billion. The revolving credit facility under the Credit Agreement also includes , extension options. 
 
 Borrowings under the Credit Agreement bear interest on the outstanding principal amount at an adjusted LIBOR rate, which is based on the Trust s investment grade rating under the Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Trust had investment grade ratings of BBB from S P and Baa2 from Moody s. As such, borrowings under the revolving credit facility of the Credit Agreement accrue interest on the outstanding principal at a rate of LIBOR + . The Credit Agreement includes a facility fee equal to per annum as of December 31, 2022, which is also determined by the Trust s investment grade rating. 
 
 On July 7, 2016, the Operating Partnership borrowed million under the -year term loan feature of the Credit Agreement. Pursuant to the credit agreement, borrowings under the term loan feature of the Credit Agreement bear interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate which is determined by the Trust s credit rating, currently equal to LIBOR + . The Trust simultaneously entered into a pay-fixed receive-variable rate swap for the full borrowing amount, fixing the LIBOR component of the borrowing rate to , for an all-in fixed rate of . Both the borrowing and pay-fixed receive-variable swap had a maturity date of June 10, 2023. 
 
 On October 13, 2021, the Company used the proceeds from the senior notes to pay off the million term loan feature of the Credit Agreement. As defined by the Credit Agreement, the term loan feature is no longer available to the Company. The Operating Partnership simultaneously terminated the existing pay-fixed receive-variable rate swaps associated with the full term loan borrowing of million. As part of the termination, the Company made total cash payments of million to the counterparties of the swap agreements. 

LIBOR + 
 At Least BBB+ or Baa1 LIBOR + 
 LIBOR + 
 At Least BBB or Baa2 LIBOR + 
 LIBOR + 
 At Least BBB- or Baa3 LIBOR + 
 LIBOR + 
 Below BBB- or Baa3 LIBOR + 
 LIBOR + 

The Credit Agreement contains financial covenants that, among other things, require compliance with leverage and coverage ratios and maintenance of minimum tangible net worth, as well as covenants that may limit the Trust s and the Operating Partnership s ability to incur additional debt, grant liens, or make distributions. The Company may, at any time, voluntarily prepay any revolving or term loan under the Credit Agreement in whole or in part without premium or penalty. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants related to the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Credit Agreement includes customary representations and warranties by the Trust and the Operating Partnership and imposes customary covenants on the Operating Partnership and the Trust. The Credit Agreement also contains customary events of default, and if an event of default occurs and continues, the Operating Partnership is subject to certain actions by the administrative agent, including without limitation, the acceleration of repayment of all amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of borrowings outstanding under its unsecured revolving credit facility. As defined by the Credit Agreement, the unencumbered borrowing base as of December 31, 2022 allows the Company to borrow an additional million before reaching the maximum allowed under the credit facility. 
 
 87 

million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, comprised of (i) 15.0 million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series A, due January 7, 2023, (ii) million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series B, due January 7, 2026, (iii) million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series C, due January 7, 2028, and (iv) million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series D, due January 7, 2031. On August 11, 2016, the note agreement for these notes was amended to make certain changes to its terms, including certain changes to affirmative covenants, negative covenants, and definitions contained therein. Interest on each respective series of the January 2016 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually. 
 
 On August 11, 2016, the Operating Partnership issued and sold million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, comprised of (i) million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series A, due August 11, 2025, (ii) million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series B, due August 11, 2026, and (iii) million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, Series C, due August 11, 2027. Interest on each respective series of the August 2016 Senior Notes is payable semi-annually. 
 
 On March 7, 2017, the Operating Partnership issued and sold million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes which will mature on March 15, 2027. The Senior Notes were sold at an issue price of of their face value, before the underwriters discount. The Company s net proceeds from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, were approximately million. 
 
 On December 1, 2017, the Operating Partnership issued and sold million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes which will mature on January 15, 2028. The Senior Notes were sold at an issue price of of their face value, before the underwriters discount. The Company s net proceeds from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, were approximately million. 
 
 On October 13, 2021, the Operating Partnership issued and sold million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes which will mature on November 1, 2031. The Senior Notes were sold at an issue price of of their face value, before the underwriters discount. The Company s net proceeds from the offering, after deducting underwriting discounts and expenses, were approximately million. 
 
 Certain properties have mortgage debt that contains financial covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the Trust was in compliance with all senior notes and mortgage debt financial covenants. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Payments 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had total consolidated indebtedness of approximately billion and billion, respectively. The weighted average interest rate on consolidated indebtedness was as of December 31, 2022 (based on the 30-day LIBOR rate of and a SOFR rate of as of December 31, 2022). The weighted average interest rate on consolidated indebtedness was as of December 31, 2021 (based on the 30-day LIBOR rate of and a SOFR rate of as of December 31, 2021). 

Note 7. 

88 

outstanding interest rate swap contract designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk. See Note 2 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) for a further discussion of the Company s derivatives. In addition, the Company recognizes its share of other comprehensive income (loss) related to derivative instruments held by unconsolidated entities. 
 
 Effective fixed interest rate (1) Effective date Maturity date Asset balance at December 31, 2022 (included in Other assets) 
 Liability balance at December 31, 2021 (included in Accrued expenses and other liabilities) 
 
 (1) effective swap rate plus spread per the hedging agreement. 

Note 8. 
 
 Prepaid rent Accrued interest Accrued expenses Security deposits Accrued incentive compensation Tenant improvement allowances Interest rate swap Other Total 
 
 89 

Note 9. 
 
 common shares authorized for issuance. The 2013 Plan term was also extended to 2029. 
 
 Restricted Common Shares 
 
 Restricted common shares granted under the 2013 Plan are eligible for dividends as well as the right to vote. During 2020, the Trust granted a total of restricted common shares with a total value of million to the Company s officers and certain of its employees, which have a vesting period for senior management award-recipients and a vesting period for employee award-recipients. During 2021, the Trust granted a total of restricted common shares with a total value of million to the Company s officers and certain of its employees, which have a vesting period for senior management award-recipients and a vesting period for employee award-recipients. During 2022, the Trust granted a total of restricted common shares with a total value of million to the Company s officers and certain of its employees, which have a vesting period for senior management award-recipients and a vesting period for employee award-recipients. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 
 90 

million, million, and million, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Share Units 
 
 Under the 2013 Plan, the Company granted and restricted share units in January 2022 and 2021, respectively, to certain of its trustees in lieu of all or a portion of such trustee s annual cash retainer. These units are subject to certain timing conditions and a service period. Each restricted share unit contains dividend equivalent. Each recipient will accrue dividend equivalents on awarded share units equal to the cash dividend that would have been paid on the awarded share unit had the awarded share unit been an issued and outstanding common share on the record date for the dividend. With respect to the performance and timing conditions of the January 2022 and 2021 grants, the grant date fair value of and per unit, respectively, was based on the share price at the date of grant. 
 
 In March 2022, March 2021, and March 2020 under the Trust s 2013 Plan, the Trust granted (i) restricted share units at a target level of , , and respectively, to the Trust s management, which are subject to certain performance and market conditions and service periods and (ii) , , and restricted share units, respectively, to the members of the Board of Trustees, which are subject to certain timing conditions and a vesting period. In March 2020, units were also granted to an officer subject to certain timing conditions and a service period. Each restricted share unit contains dividend equivalent. The recipient will accrue dividend equivalents on awarded share units equal to the cash dividend that would have been paid on the awarded share unit had the awarded share unit been an issued and outstanding common share on the record date for the dividend. 
 
 Approximately , , and of the restricted share units issued to the Trust s management in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, vest based on certain market conditions. The market conditions were valued with the assistance of independent valuation specialists. in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020 per unit, respectively, using the following assumptions: 
 Dividend assumption reinvested reinvested reinvested Expected term in years years years years Risk-free rate Stock price (per share) 
 
 The remaining of the restricted share units issued to the Trust s management in 2022, of the restricted share units issued to the Trust s management in 2021, issued to the Trust s management and of the restricted share units issued to an officer in 2020, vest based upon certain performance or timing conditions. With respect to the performance conditions of the March 2022 grant, the grant date fair value of per unit is based on the share price at the date of grant. The combined weighted average grant date fair value of the March 2022 restricted share units issued to management is per unit. With respect to the performance conditions of the March 2021 grant, the grant date fair value of per unit is based on the share price at the date of grant. The combined weighted average grant date fair value of the March 2021 restricted share units issued to management is per unit. With respect to the performance and timing conditions of the March 2020 grant issued to the Trust s management, the grant date fair value of per unit is based on the share price at the date of grant. The combined weighted average grant date fair value of the March 2020 restricted share units issued to management is per unit. 
 
 91 

Granted Vested ) (1) ) Non-vested at December 31, 2020 Granted Vested ) (2) ) Non-vested at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) (3) ) Non-vested at December 31, 2022 
 (1) Restricted units vested by Company management in 2020 resulted in the issuance of common shares, less common shares withheld to cover minimum withholding tax obligations, for multiple employees. 
 (2) Restricted units vested by Company management in 2021 resulted in the issuance of common shares, less common shares withheld to cover minimum withholding tax obligations, for multiple employees. 
 (3) Restricted units vested by Company management in 2022 resulted in the issuance of common shares, less common shares withheld to cover minimum withholding tax obligations, for multiple employees. 
 
 The Company recognized million, million, and million of non-cash share unit compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense at December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. 

Note 10. 
 interest rate swap, as detailed in the Derivative Instruments section of Note 2 (Summary of Significant Accounting Policies) and Note 7 (Derivatives). 
 
 The interest rate swap is not traded on an exchange. The Company s derivative assets and liabilities are recorded at fair value based on a variety of observable inputs including contractual terms, interest rate curves, yield curves, measure of volatility, and correlations of such inputs. The Company measures its derivatives at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair values are based on Level 2 inputs described above. The Company considers its own credit risk, as well as the credit risk of its counterparties, when evaluating the fair value of its derivatives. 
 
 92 

assets measured at fair value as of December 31, 2022. There was asset measured at fair value as of December 31, 2021 that had a previous carrying value of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded an impairment charge of million related to a medical office building in Traverse City, Michigan. 
 
 The carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalents, tenant receivables, payables, and accrued interest are reasonable estimates of fair value because of the short term maturities of these instruments. Fair values for real estate loans receivable and mortgage debt are estimated based on rates currently prevailing for similar instruments of similar maturities and are based primarily on Level 2 inputs. The fair values of fixed-rate unsecured notes payable are estimated using quoted market prices, or, if no quoted market prices are available, quoted market prices for securities with similar terms and maturities. 
 
 Notes receivable, net Derivative asset Liabilities: Credit facility ) ) ) ) Notes payable ) ) ) ) Mortgage debt ) ) ) ) Derivative liabilities ) ) 

Note 11. 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Expense recoveries Rental and related revenues 

Note 12. 
 of its properties, the air in which property occupies, and the land upon which of its properties are located from third party landowners pursuant to separate leases. In addition, the Company has corporate leases, primarily for office space. 
 93 

years remaining, excluding extension options, with a weighted average remaining term of years. 
 
 Effective January 1, 2019, the Company adopted ASC 842, Leases which requires the operating leases mentioned above to be included in right-of-use lease assets, net on the Company s December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated balance sheets, which represents the Company s right to use the underlying asset for the lease term. The Company s obligation to make the lease payments are included in lease liabilities on the Company s December 31, 2022 and 2021 consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, total right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities, net of accumulated amortization, were approximately million and million, respectively. The Company has entered into various short-term operating leases, primarily for office spaces, with an initial term of twelve months or less. These leases are not recorded on the Company's consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 At the inception of a new lease, the Company establishes an operating lease asset and operating lease liability calculated as the present value of future minimum lease payments. As the Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company calculates a discount rate that approximates the Company s incremental borrowing rate available at lease commencement to determine the present value of future minimum lease payments. The approximated weighted average discount rate was as of December 31, 2022. There are no operating leases that have not yet commenced that would have a significant impact on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, operating lease expense totaled million and million, respectively, substantially all of which represented fixed lease payments. 

Note 13. 
 
 Northside Hospital UofL Health - Louisville, Inc. US Oncology HonorHealth Remaining portfolio Total 
 
 ABR collected from the Company s top five tenant relationships comprises of its total ABR as of December 31, 2022. Total ABR from CommonSpirit Health affiliated tenants totals , including the affiliates disclosed above. 
 94 

Georgia Florida Indiana Arizona Other Total 

Note 14. 
 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests: Operating Partnership ) ) ) Partially owned properties ) ) ) Preferred distributions ) ) Numerator for earnings per share - basic: Numerator for earnings per share - diluted: Numerator for earnings per share - basic: Operating Partnership net income Numerator for earnings per share - diluted Denominator for earnings per share - basic and diluted: Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities: Noncontrolling interest - Operating Partnership units Restricted common shares Restricted share units Denominator for earnings per share - diluted Earnings per share - basic Earnings per share - diluted 

Note 15. 
 
 million and a parcel of land adjacent to one of its medical office facilities located in Avondale, Arizona for a purchase price of approximately million. The Company also paid its million senior unsecured notes bearing fixed interest of upon maturity and sold square foot medical office building located in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania for million recognizing an immaterial net gain on the sale. 
 
 95 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (dollars in thousands) 

) 1987 8/24/2006 MeadowView Professional Kingsport, TN ) 2005 5/10/2007 Firehouse Square Milwaukee, WI ) 2002 8/15/2007 Valley West Hospital MOB Chicago, IL ) 2007 11/1/2007 Mid Coast Hospital MOB Portland, ME ) 2008 5/1/2008 Arrowhead Commons Phoenix, AZ ) 2004 5/31/2008 Remington Medical Commons Chicago, IL ) 2008 6/1/2008 Aurora MOB - Shawano Green Bay, WI ) 2010 4/15/2010 East El Paso Physicians Medical Center El Paso, TX ) 2004 8/30/2013 Crescent City Surgical Centre New Orleans, LA ) 2010 9/30/2013 Foundation Surgical Affiliates MOB Oklahoma City, OK ) 2004 9/30/2013 Eastwind Surgical Center Columbus, OH ) 2007 11/27/2013 Foundation Surgical Hospital of San Antonio San Antonio, TX ) 2007 2/19/2014 21st Century Radiation Oncology - Sarasota Sarasota, FL ) 1975 2/26/2014 21st Century Radiation Oncology - Venice Venice, FL ) 1987 2/26/2014 21st Century Radiation Oncology - Englewood Englewood, FL ) 1992 2/26/2014 Foundation Healthplex of San Antonio San Antonio, TX ) 2007 2/28/2014 Peachtree Dunwoody Medical Center Atlanta, GA ) 1987 2/28/2014 Pinnacle Health MOB - Wormleysburg Harrisburg, PA ) 1990 4/22/2014 Pinnacle Health MOB - Carlisle Carlisle, PA ) 2002 4/22/2014 South Bend Orthopaedics MOB Mishawaka, IN ) 2007 4/30/2014 Grenada Medical Complex Grenada, MS ) 1975 4/30/2014 Mississippi Sports Medicine Orthopedics Jackson, MS ) 1987 5/23/2014 Carmel Medical Pavilion Carmel, IN ) 1993 5/28/2014 Renaissance ASC Oshkosh, WI ) 2007 6/30/2014 Summit Urology Bloomington, IN ) 1996 6/30/2014 IU Health - 500 Landmark Bloomington, IN ) 2000 7/1/2014 IU Health - 550 Landmark Bloomington, IN ) 2000 7/1/2014 IU Health - 574 Landmark Bloomington, IN ) 2004 7/1/2014 Carlisle II MOB Carlisle, PA ) 1996 7/25/2014 Surgical Institute of Monroe Monroe, MI ) 2010 7/28/2014 Oaks Medical Building Lady Lake, FL ) 2011 7/31/2014 Mansfield ASC Mansfield, TX ) 2010 9/2/2014 Eye Center of Southern Indiana Bloomington, IN ) 1995 9/5/2014 Zangmeister Cancer Center Columbus, OH ) 2007 9/30/2014 Orthopedic One - Columbus Columbus, OH ) 2009 9/30/2014 Orthopedic One - Westerville Columbus, OH ) 2007 9/30/2014 South Point Medical Center Columbus, OH ) 2007 9/30/2014 3100 Lee Trevino Drive El Paso, TX ) 1983 9/30/2014 1755 Curie El Paso, TX ) 1970 9/30/2014 9999 Kenworthy El Paso, TX ) 1983 9/30/2014 32 Northeast MOB Harrisburg, PA ) 1994 10/29/2014 4518 Union Deposit MOB Harrisburg, PA ) 2000 10/29/2014 4520 Union Deposit MOB Harrisburg, PA ) 1997 10/29/2014 240 Grandview MOB Harrisburg, PA ) 1980 10/29/2014 Market Place Way MOB Harrisburg, PA ) 2004 10/29/2014 Middletown Medical - Maltese Middletown, NY ) 1988 11/28/2014 Middletown Medical - Edgewater Middletown, NY ) 1992 11/28/2014 Napoleon MOB New Orleans, LA ) 1974 12/19/2014 West Tennessee ASC Jackson, TN ) 1991 12/30/2014 Southdale Place Edina MN ) 1979 1/22/2015 Crystal MOB Crystal, MN ) 2012 1/22/2015 Savage MOB Savage, MN ) 2011 1/22/2015 Dell MOB Chanhassen, MN ) 2008 1/22/2015 Methodist Sports Greenwood, IN ) 2008 1/28/2015 Vadnais Heights MOB Vadnais Heights, MN ) 2013 1/29/2015 Minnetonka MOB Minnetonka, MN ) 2014 2/5/2015 Jamestown Jamestown, ND ) 2013 2/5/2015 Indiana American 3 Greenwood, IN ) 2008 2/13/2015 Indiana American 2 Greenwood, IN ) 2001 2/13/2015 
 96 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (dollars in thousands) 

) 2001 2/13/2015 8920 Southpointe Indianapolis, IN ) 1993 2/13/2015 Minnesota Eye MOB Minnetonka, MN ) 2014 2/17/2015 Baylor Cancer Center- Carrollton Dallas, TX ) 2001 2/27/2015 Bridgeport Medical Center Lakewood, WA ) 2004 2/27/2015 Renaissance Office Building Milwaukee, WI ) 1896 3/27/2015 Calkins 125 Rochester, NY ) 1997 3/31/2015 Calkins 200 Rochester, NY ) 2000 3/31/2015 Calkins 300 Rochester, NY ) 2002 3/31/2015 Calkins 400 Rochester, NY ) 2007 3/31/2015 Calkins 500 Rochester, NY ) 2008 3/31/2015 Premier Surgery Center of Louisville Louisville, KY ) 2013 4/10/2015 Baton Rouge Surgery Center Baton Rouge, LA ) 2003 4/15/2015 Healthpark Surgery Center Grand Blanc, MI ) 2006 4/30/2015 University of Michigan Center for Specialty Care Livonia, MI ) 1988 5/29/2015 Coon Rapids Medical Center Coon Rapids, MN ) 2007 6/1/2015 Premier RPM Bloomington, IN ) 2008 6/5/2015 Palm Beach ASC Palm Beach, FL ) 2003 6/26/2015 Hillside Medical Center Hanover, PA ) 2003 6/30/2015 Randall Road MOB Elgin, IL ) 2006 6/30/2015 JFK Medical Center MOB Atlantis, FL ) 2002 7/24/2015 Grove City Health Center Grove City, OH ) 2001 7/31/2015 Trios Health MOB Kennewick, WA ) 2015 7/31/2015 Abrazo Scottsdale MOB Phoenix, AZ ) 2004 8/14/2015 Avondale MOB Avondale, AZ ) 2006 8/19/2015 Palm Valley MOB Goodyear, AZ ) 2006 8/19/2015 North Mountain MOB Phoenix, AZ ) 2008 8/31/2015 Katy Medical Complex Katy, TX ) 2005 9/1/2015 Katy Medical Complex Surgery Center Katy, TX ) 2006 9/1/2015 New Albany Medical Center New Albany, OH ) 2005 9/9/2015 Fountain Hills Medical Campus Fountain Hills, AZ ) 1995 9/30/2015 Fairhope MOB Fairhope, AL ) 2005 10/13/2015 Foley MOB Foley, AL ) 1997 10/13/2015 Foley Venture Foley, AL ) 2002 10/13/2015 North Okaloosa MOB Crestview, FL ) 2005 10/13/2015 Commons on North Davis Pensacola, FL ) 2009 10/13/2015 Sorrento Road MOB Pensacola, FL ) 2010 10/13/2015 Panama City Beach MOB Panama City, FL ) 2012 10/13/2015 Perdido Medical Park Pensacola, FL ) 2010 10/13/2015 Ft. Walton Beach MOB Ft. Walton Beach, FL ) 1979 10/13/2015 Panama City MOB Panama City, FL ) 2003 10/13/2015 Pensacola MOB Pensacola, FL ) 2001 10/13/2015 Arete Surgical Center Johnstown, CO ) 2013 10/19/2015 Cambridge Professional Center Waldorf, MD ) 1999 10/30/2015 HonorHealth - 44th Street MOB Phoenix, AZ ) 1988 11/13/2015 Mercy Medical Center Fenton, MO ) 1999 12/1/2015 8 C1TY Blvd Nashville, TN ) 2015 12/17/2015 Treasure Coast Center for Surgery Stuart, FL ) 2013 2/1/2016 Park Nicollet Clinic Chanhassen, MN ) 2005 2/8/2016 HEB Cancer Center Bedford, TX ) 2014 2/12/2016 Riverview Medical Center Lancaster, OH ) 1997 2/26/2016 St. Luke's Cornwall MOB Cornwall, NY ) 2006 2/26/2016 HonorHealth - Glendale Glendale, AZ ) 2015 3/15/2016 Columbia MOB Hudson, NY ) 2006 3/21/2016 St Vincent POB 1 Birmingham, AL ) 1975 3/23/2016 Emerson Medical Building Creve Coeur, MO ) 1989 3/24/2016 Eye Associates of NM - Santa Fe Santa Fe, NM ) 2002 3/31/2016 Eye Associates of NM - Albuquerque Albuquerque, NM ) 2007 3/31/2016 Gardendale Surgery Center Gardendale, AL ) 2011 4/11/2016 M Health Fairview - Curve Crest Stillwater, MN ) 2011 4/14/2016 M Health Fairview - Victor Gardens Hugo, MN ) 2008 4/14/2016 Cardwell Professional Building Lufkin, TX ) 1999 5/11/2016 Dacono Neighborhood Health Clinic Dacono, CO ) 2014 5/11/2016 
 97 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (dollars in thousands) 

) 1978 5/11/2016 Hot Springs Village Office Building Hot Springs Village, AR ) 1988 5/11/2016 UofL Health - East Louisville, KY ) 2003 5/11/2016 UofL Health - South Shepherdsville, KY ) 2005 5/11/2016 UofL Health - Plaza I Louisville, KY ) 1970 5/11/2016 UofL Health - Plaza II Louisville, KY ) 1964 5/11/2016 UofL Health - OCC Louisville, KY ) 1985 5/11/2016 Lexington Surgery Center Lexington, KY ) 2000 5/11/2016 Medical Arts Pavilion Lufkin, TX ) 2004 5/11/2016 Memorial Outpatient Therapy Center Lufkin, TX ) 1990 5/11/2016 Midlands Two Professional Center Papillion, NE ) 1976 5/11/2016 Parkview MOB Little Rock, AR ) 1988 5/11/2016 Peak One ASC Frisco, CO ) 2006 5/11/2016 Physicians Medical Center Tacoma, WA ) 1977 5/11/2016 St. Alexius - Minot Medical Plaza Minot, ND ) 2015 5/11/2016 St. Clare Medical Pavilion Lakewood, WA ) 1989 5/11/2016 St. Joseph Medical Pavilion Tacoma, WA ) 1989 5/11/2016 St. Joseph Office Park Lexington, KY ) 1992 5/11/2016 UofL Health - Mary Elizabeth MOB II Louisville, KY ) 1979 5/11/2016 UofL Health - Mary Elizabeth MOB III Louisville, KY ) 1974 5/11/2016 Thornton Neighborhood Health Clinic Thornton, CO ) 2014 5/11/2016 St. Francis MOB Federal Way, WA ) 1987 6/2/2016 Children's Wisconsin - Brookfield Milwaukee, WI ) 2016 6/3/2016 UofL Health - South MOB Shepherdsville, KY ) 2006 6/8/2016 Good Samaritan North Annex Building Kearney, NE ) 1984 6/28/2016 NE Heart Institute Medical Building Lincoln, NE ) 2004 6/28/2016 St. Vincent West MOB Little Rock, AR ) 2012 6/29/2016 Meridan Englewood, CO ) 2002 6/29/2016 UofL Health - Mary Elizabeth MOB I Louisville, KY ) 1991 6/29/2016 St. Alexius - Medical Arts Pavilion Bismarck, ND ) 1974 6/29/2016 St. Alexius - Mandan Clinic Mandan, ND ) 2014 6/29/2016 St. Alexius - Orthopaedic Center Bismarck, ND ) 1997 6/29/2016 St. Alexius - Rehab Center Bismarck, ND ) 1997 6/29/2016 St. Alexius - Tech Ed Bismarck, ND ) 2011 6/29/2016 Good Samaritan MOB Kearney, NE ) 1999 6/29/2016 Lakeside Two Professional Center Omaha, NE ) 2000 6/29/2016 Lakeside Wellness Center Omaha, NE ) 2000 6/29/2016 McAuley Center Omaha, NE ) 1988 6/29/2016 Memorial Health Center Grand Island, NE ) 1955 6/29/2016 Missionary Ridge MOB Chattanooga, TN ) 1976 6/29/2016 Pilot Medical Center Birmingham, AL ) 2005 6/29/2016 St. Joseph Medical Clinic Tacoma, WA ) 1991 6/30/2016 Woodlands Medical Arts Center The Woodlands, TX ) 2001 6/30/2016 FESC MOB Tacoma, WA ) 1980 6/30/2016 PrairieCare MOB Maplewood, MN ) 2016 7/6/2016 Springwoods MOB Spring, TX ) 2015 7/21/2016 Unity ASC, Imaging MOB West Lafayette, IN ) 2001 8/8/2016 Unity Medical Pavilion West Lafayette, IN ) 2001 8/8/2016 Unity Faith, Hope Love West Lafayette, IN ) 2001 8/8/2016 Unity Immediate Care and OCC West Lafayette, IN ) 2004 8/8/2016 Medical Village at Maitland Orlando, FL ) 2006 8/23/2016 Tri-State Orthopaedics MOB Evansville, IN ) 2004 8/30/2016 Maury Regional Health Complex Spring Hill, TN ) 2012 9/30/2016 Spring Ridge Medical Center Wyomissing, PA ) 2002 9/30/2016 Doctors Community Hospital POB Lanham, MD ) 2009 9/30/2016 Gig Harbor Medical Pavilion Gig Harbor, WA ) 1991 9/30/2016 Midlands One Professional Center Papillion, NE ) 2010 9/30/2016 Northwest Michigan Surgery Center Traverse City, MI ) 2004 10/28/2016 Northeast Medical Center Fayetteville, NY ) 1998 11/23/2016 North Medical Center Liverpool, NY ) 1989 11/23/2016 Cincinnati Eye Institute Cincinnati, OH ) 1985 11/23/2016 HonorHealth - Scottsdale MOB Scottsdale, AZ ) 2000 12/2/2016 
 98 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (dollars in thousands) 

) 2015 12/8/2016 Flower Mound MOB Flower Mound, TX ) 2011 12/16/2016 Carrollton MOB Flower Mound, TX ) 2002 12/16/2016 HonorHealth - Scottsdale IRF Scottsdale, AZ ) 2000 12/22/2016 Orthopedic Associates Flower Mound, TX ) 2011 1/5/2017 Medical Arts Center at Hartford Plainville, CT ) 2015 1/11/2017 CareMount Medical - Lake Katrine MOB Lake Katrine, NY ) 2013 2/14/2017 CareMount Medical - Rhinebeck MOB Rhinebeck, NY ) 1965 2/14/2017 Monterey Medical Center Stuart, FL ) 2003 3/7/2017 Creighton University Medical Center Omaha, NE ) 2017 3/28/2017 Strictly Pediatrics Specialty Center Austin, TX ) 2006 3/31/2017 MedStar Stephen's Crossing Brandywine, MD ) 2015 6/16/2017 Health Clinic Building Omaha, NE ) 2017 6/29/2017 Family Medical Center Little Falls, MN ) 1990 6/29/2017 Craven-Hagan Clinic Williston, ND ) 1984 6/29/2017 Chattanooga Heart Institute Chattanooga, TN ) 1993 6/29/2017 St. Vincent Mercy Heart and Vascular Center Hot Springs, AR ) 1998 6/29/2017 South Campus MOB Hot Springs, AR ) 2009 6/29/2017 St. Vincent Mercy Cancer Center Hot Springs, AR ) 2001 6/29/2017 St. Joseph Professional Office Building Bryan, TX ) 1996 6/29/2017 St. Vincent Carmel Women's Center Carmel, IN ) 2014 6/29/2017 St. Vincent Fishers Medical Center Fishers, IN ) 2008 6/29/2017 Baylor Charles A. Sammons Cancer Center Dallas, TX ) 2011 6/30/2017 Orthopedic Sports Institute of the Fox Valley Appleton, WI ) 2005 6/30/2017 Clearview Cancer Institute Huntsville, AL ) 2006 8/4/2017 Northside Cherokee-Town Lake MOB Atlanta, GA ) 2013 8/15/2017 HonorHealth - Mesa Mesa, AZ ) 2013 8/15/2017 Little Falls Orthopedics Little Falls, MN ) 1999 8/24/2017 Unity Specialty Center Little Falls, MN ) 1959 8/24/2017 Immanuel One Professional Center Omaha, NE ) 1993 8/24/2017 SJRHC Cancer Center Bryan, TX ) 1997 8/24/2017 St. Vincent Women's Center Hot Springs, AR ) 2001 8/31/2017 Legends Park MOB ASC Midland, TX ) 2003 9/27/2017 Franklin MOB ASC Franklin, TN ) 2014 10/12/2017 Eagle Point MOB Lake Elmo, MN ) 2015 10/31/2017 Edina East MOB Edina, MN ) 1962 10/31/2017 Northside Center Pointe Atlanta, GA ) 2009 11/10/2017 Gwinnett 500 Building Lawrenceville, GA ) 1995 11/17/2017 Hudgens Professional Building Duluth, GA ) 1994 11/17/2017 St. Vincent Building Indianapolis, IN ) 2007 11/17/2017 Gwinnett Physicians Center Lawrenceville, GA ) 2010 12/1/2017 Apple Valley Medical Center Apple Valley, MN ) 1974 12/18/2017 Desert Cove MOB Scottsdale, AZ ) 1991 12/18/2017 Westgate MOB Glendale, AZ ) 2016 12/21/2017 M Health Fairview Clinics and Specialty Center - Maplewood Maplewood, MN ) 2017 1/9/2018 Lee's Hill Medical Plaza Fredericksburg, VA ) 2006 1/23/2018 HMG Medical Plaza Kingsport, TN ) 2010 4/3/2018 Jacksonville MedPlex (Building B) Jacksonville, FL ) 2010 7/26/2018 Jacksonville MedPlex (Building C) Jacksonville, FL ) 2010 7/26/2018 Northside Medical Midtown Atlanta, GA ) 2018 9/14/2018 Doctors United ASC Pasadena, TX ) 2018 4/4/2019 Atlanta Medical Condominium Investments Atlanta, GA ) 1986 6/28/2019 Rockwall II MOB Rockwall, TX ) 2017 7/26/2019 Shell Ridge Plaza - Bldg 106 Walnut Creek, CA ) 1984 9/27/2019 Shell Ridge Plaza - Bldg 108 Walnut Creek, CA ) 1984 9/27/2019 Shell Ridge Plaza - Bldg 110 Walnut Creek, CA ) 1984 9/27/2019 Shell Ridge Plaza - Bldg 112 Walnut Creek, CA ) 1984 9/27/2019 Shell Ridge Plaza - Bldg 114 Walnut Creek, CA ) 1984 9/27/2019 ProHealth MOB Manchester, CT ) 2012 10/15/2019 Murdock Surgery Center Port Charlotte, FL ) 2006 12/2/2019 Westerville MOB Westerville, OH ) 2003 2/28/2020 
 99 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 
 (dollars in thousands) 

) 2017 3/16/2020 Ascension St. Vincent Cancer Center Newburgh, IN ) 2008 9/11/2020 Health Center at Easton Easton, PA ) 2017 11/23/2020 Hartford HealthCare Cancer Center Manchester, CT ) 2017 12/8/2020 Sacred Heart Summit Medical Office and ASC Pensacola, FL ) 2020 12/18/2020 Westerville II MOB Westerville, OH ) 2003 12/23/2020 AdventHealth Wesley Chapel MOB II Wesley Chapel, FL ) 2021 4/21/2021 TOPA Denton Denton, TX ) 2019 6/11/2021 Allegheny West Mifflin Medical Building West Mifflin, PA ) 1992 8/30/2021 Forsgate Cancer Center Monroe Township, NJ ) 1992 8/30/2021 Mill Run Medical Center I Hilliard, OH ) 1998 8/30/2021 Mill Run Medical Center II Hilliard, OH ) 1998 8/30/2021 New Britain Medical Building Plainville, CT ) 1998 8/30/2021 HonorHealth - Sonoran MOB Phoenix, AZ ) 2020 9/23/2021 Eden Hill Medical Center Dover, DE ) 2008 10/15/2021 HonorHealth - Neuroscience Institute Scottsdale, AZ ) 2021 10/27/2021 University of Florida Health North MOB Jacksonville, FL ) 2015 12/20/2021 TGH Brandon Healthplex Tampa, FL ) 2017 12/20/2021 Yulee MOB Yulee, FL ) 2020 12/20/2021 James Devin Moncus Medical Building Lafayette, LA ) 2010 12/20/2021 Bay City MOB Bay City, MI ) 2016 12/20/2021 Beaumont Grosse Pointe MOB Grosse Pointe, MI ) 2016 12/20/2021 Burns POB Petoskey, MI ) 1993 12/20/2021 Beaumont Health Wellness Center Rochester Hills, MI ) 2011 12/20/2021 Beaumont POB Sterling Heights, MI ) 2009 12/20/2021 Hospital Hill MOB I Kansas City, MO 2015 12/20/2021 Jackson Baptist Medical Center - Belhaven Jackson, MS ) 2013 12/20/2021 Old Bridge Medical Office Building Old Bridge, NJ ) 2014 12/20/2021 Saint Vincent MOB Erie, PA ) 2007 12/20/2021 Riverside MOB Hampton, VA ) 2007 12/20/2021 New Albany Medical Center II New Albany, OH ) 2010 4/26/2022 Calko Medical Center Brooklyn, NY ) 2013 9/9/2022 ) 
 (1) Excludes acquired lease intangibles. 
 100 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 December 31, 2022 

billion, with accumulated tax depreciation of billion. The cost, net of accumulated depreciation, is approximately billion (unaudited). 
 
 The cost capitalized subsequent to acquisition is net of dispositions. 
 
 The changes in total real estate for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance as of the beginning of the year Acquisitions Additions Impairment ) ) Real estate held for sale ) Dispositions ) ) ) Balance as of the end of the year 
 
 The changes in accumulated depreciation for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 are as follows (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Balance as of the beginning of the year Depreciation Real estate held for sale Dispositions ) ) ) Balance as of the end of the year 
 
 101 

Physicians Realty Trust 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 December 31, 2022 

 Fixed 2023 (1) Davie, FL Fixed 2023 (1) Nashville, TN Fixed 2023 (2) Roswell, GA Fixed 2025 (3) Charlotte, NC Fixed (4) (5) Construction loan relating to 1 property located in: Fort Worth, TX Fixed 2023 (1) 
 (1) Interest is due monthly and outstanding principal and accrued interest is due at maturity. 
 (2) Interest is due semi-annually and outstanding principal and accrued interest is due at maturity. 
 (3) A portion of interest is due monthly with remaining interest added to the outstanding principal balance. 
 (4) Principal balance and accrued interest is due on the sale of the mortgaged land, which, as of December 31, 2022, is under contract to be sold. 
 (5) Monthly interest of was added to the outstanding principal. As of October 2022, interest ceased to accrue, and the buyer under contract for sale of the mortgaged land is making monthly payments that are being applied to the outstanding balance and accrued interest. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Reconciliation of mortgage loans: Balance at beginning of year Additions: New mortgage loans Draws on existing mortgage loans Interest added Total additions Deductions: Collection of principal ) Conversion of loan receivable in connection to the acquisition of investment property ) ) Change in reserve for loan losses ) ) Total deductions ) ) ) Balance at end of year 
 102 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Physicians Realty Trust 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 
 The Trust s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the effectiveness of the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on such evaluation, the Trust s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information it is required to disclose in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Trust s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 There have been no changes in the Trust s system of internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 The Trust s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of the Trust s internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on the assessment, management has concluded that the Trust s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 The effectiveness of the Trust s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP EY ), an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report included in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures. 
 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and the Trust s internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and the Trust s internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 
 None. 
 103 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference are Corporate Governance - Proposal 1: Election of Trustees , Corporate Governance - Board Composition - Trustee Nominees , Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports , Corporate Governance - Board Composition - Trustee Nomination Procedure , Corporate Governance - Our Board and Committees - Committee Membership and Structure - Audit Committee and, Executive Officers to be included in the Trust s 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 
 Information regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is provided in Part I, Item 1 - Business Available Information and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference are Executive Compensation , Corporate Governance - Non-Employee Trustee Compensation , and Executive Compensation - Compensation Committee Report to be included in the Trust s 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference are Stock Ownership - Beneficial Ownership of the Company s Securities and Stock Ownership - Equity Compensation Plan Information to be included in the Trust s 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference are Stock Ownership - Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Corporate Governance - Board Composition - Trustee Independence to be included in the Trust s 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 Incorporated herein by reference is Audit Committee Matters - Proposal 2: Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm , Audit Committee Matters - Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures , and Audit Committee Matters - Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm to be included in the Trust s 2023 Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of its fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 104 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) The following documents are filed as part of this report: 
 
 (1) Financial Statements : 
 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 67 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 69 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 202 2 and 20 21 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 20 21 , and 20 20 
 71 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 20 22 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 202 2 , 202 1 , and 20 20 
 74 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 75 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules : 
 
 Schedule III Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation 
 96 
 Schedule IV Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 102 

All other schedules for which provision is made in the applicable accounting regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission are omitted because they are not required under the related instructions or are not applicable, or because the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 
 See the Exhibit Index immediately following the signature page of this report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The report of Physicians Realty Trust s independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID: with respect to the above-referenced financial statements and their report on internal control over financial reporting are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K at the page number referenced above. Their consent appears as Exhibit 23 of this Form 10-K. 
 105 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 106 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 PHYSICIANS REALTY TRUST Dated: February 24, 2023 /s/ John T. Thomas John T. Thomas Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Power of Attorney 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints John T. Thomas and Jeffrey N. Theiler and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact with power of substitution and resubstitution to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and any rules, regulations and requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully and for all intents and purposes as he or she might do or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 107 

Signature Title Date /s/ JOHN T. THOMAS Chief Executive Officer and February 24, 2023 John T. Thomas President and Trustee (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ JEFFREY N. THEILER Executive Vice President and February 24, 2023 Jeffrey N. Theiler Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ JOHN W. LUCEY Chief Accounting and Administrative Officer February 24, 2023 John W. Lucey (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ STANTON D. ANDERSON Trustee February 24, 2023 Stanton D. Anderson /s/ MARK A. BAUMGARTNER Trustee February 24, 2023 Mark A. Baumgartner /s/ ALBERT C. BLACK, JR. Trustee February 24, 2023 Albert C. Black, Jr. /s/ WILLIAM A. EBINGER, M.D. Trustee February 24, 2023 William A. Ebinger, M.D. /s/ PAMELA J. KESSLER Trustee February 24, 2023 Pamela J. Kessler /s/ AVA E. LIAS-BOOKER Trustee February 24, 2023 Ava Lias-Booker /s/ TOMMY G. THOMPSON Chairman February 24, 2023 Tommy G. Thompson /s/ RICHARD A. WEISS Trustee February 24, 2023 Richard A. Weiss 

108 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit No. Title 2.1 
 (22) Master Transaction Agreement, dated October 1, 2021, between Physicians Realty L.P. and Landmark Healthcare Companies LLC. 
 2.2 
 (23) First Amendment to Master Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 3, 2021 between Physicians Realty L.P. and Landmark Healthcare Companies LLC 
 2.3 
 (23) Second Amendment to Master Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2021 between Physicians Realty L.P. and Landmark Healthcare Companies LLC. 
 2.4 
 (23) Letter Agreement dated December 20, 2021 between Physicians Realty L.P. and Landmark Healthcare Companies LLC. 
 3.1 
 (1) Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Physicians Realty Trust 
 3.2 
 (2) Bylaws of Physicians Realty Trust, as amended through February 22, 2017 
 3.3 
 (3) Certificate of Limited Partnership of Physicians Realty L.P. 
 4.1 
 (1) Form of Certificate of Common Shares of Physicians Realty Trust 
 4.2 
 (4) Senior Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2017, among Physicians Realty L.P., Physicians Realty Trust and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 4.3 
 (4) First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 7, 2017, among Physicians Realty L.P., Physicians Realty Trust and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 4.4 
 (4) Form of 4.300 Senior Notes due 2027 and guarantee thereof (included in Exhibit 4.3) 
 4.5 
 (5) Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 1, 2017, among Physicians Realty L.P., Physicians Realty Trust and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 4.6 
 (5) Form of 3.950 Senior Notes due 2028 and guarantee thereof (included in Exhibit 4.5) 
 4.7 
 (6) Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of October 13, 2021, among Physicians Realty L.P., Physicians Realty Trust and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee 
 4.8 
 (6) Form of 2.625 Senior Note due 2031 and the guarantee thereof (included in Exhibit 4.7) 
 4.9 
 Description of Securities 
 10.1 
 (7) Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Physicians Realty L.P., dated February 5, 2015 
 10.2 
 (8) Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement (Time Vesting) 
 10.3 
 (1) Form of Indemnification Agreement between Physicians Realty Trust and its trustees and officers 
 10.4 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and John T. Thomas 
 10.5 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and Jeffrey N. Theiler 
 10.6 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and John W. Lucey 
 10.7 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and Mark D. Theine 
 10.8 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and Del Mar Deeni Taylor 
 10.9 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and Bradley D. Page 
 10.10 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and Daniel M. Klein 
 10.11 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and Laurie P. Becker 
 10.12 
 (9) Employment Agreement dated as of November 4, 2021 between the Trust and Amy M. Hall 
 10.13 
 (10) Employment Agreement dated as of March 1 , 202 2 between the Trust and William Mark Dukes 
 10.14 
 (11) Physicians Realty Trust Incentive Bonus Plan 
 10.15 
 (11) Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement - Executive (Time Vesting) 
 10.16 
 (11) Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement - Trustees (Time Vesting) 
 10.17 
 (12) Physicians Realty Trust 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated effective April 30, 2019 
 10.18 
 (13) Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement - Executive (Time Vesting) 
 10.19 
 (13) Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement - Trustees (Time Vesting) 
 10.20 
 (20) Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (Performance Units) 
 10.21 
 (21) Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement for Executives (Time Vesting) 
 10.22 
 (19) Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement - Trustees (Time Vesting) 
 10.23 
 (21) Form of Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement (Performance Units) 
 10.24 
 Form of Restricted Share Award Agreement 
 
 109 

Exhibit No. Title 10.25 
 (15) Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2016, among the Operating Partnership, the Trust and each of the purchasers identified therein 
 10.26 
 (15) Form of 4.03 Senior Notes, Series A, due January 7, 2023 (included in Exhibit 10.22) 
 10.27 
 (15) Form of 4.43 Senior Notes, Series B, due January 7, 2026 (included in Exhibit 10.22) 
 10.28 
 (15) Form of 4.57 Senior Notes, Series C, due January 7, 2028 (included in Exhibit 10.22) 
 10.29 
 (15) Form of 4.74 Senior Notes, Series D, due January 7, 2031 (included in Exhibit 10.22) 
 10.30 
 (16) Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2016, among the Operating Partnership, the Trust and each of the purchasers identified therein 
 10.31 
 (16) Form of 4.09 Senior Notes, Series A, due August 11, 2025 (included in Exhibit 10.27) 
 10.32 
 (16) Form of 4.18 Senior Notes, Series B, due August 11, 2026 (included in Exhibit 10.27) 
 10.33 
 (16) Form of 4.24 Senior Notes, Series C, due August 11, 2027 (included in Exhibit 10.27) 
 10.34 
 (16) First Amendment, dated as of August 11, 2016, to the Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2016, among the Operating Partnership, the Trust and the Noteholders, party thereto 
 10.35 
 (18) Second Amendment, dated as of November 19, 2018, to the Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of January 7, 2016, among the Operating Partnership, the Trust and the Noteholders party thereto 
 10.36 
 (18) First Amendment, dated as of November 19, 2018, to the Note Purchase and Guarantee Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2016, among the Operating Partnership, the Trust and the Noteholders party thereto 
 10.37 
 (17) Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated September 24, 2021, among Physicians Realty L.P., as Borrower, Physicians Realty Trust, as Guarantor, the Lenders party thereto, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc., BMO Capital Markets and Citizens Bank, N.A., as Lead Arrangers and Co-Bookrunners, and BMO Capital Markets and Citizens Bank, N.A., as Co-Syndication Agents. 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 22.1 
 List of Subsidiary Issuers and Guaranteed Securities 
 23.1 
 Consent of Ernst Young LLP for Physicians Realty Trust 
 24.1 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature pages) 
 31.1 
 Certification of John T. Thomas, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Physicians Realty Trust 
 31.2 
 Certification of Jeffrey N. Theiler, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 for Physicians Realty Trust 
 32.1 
 Certification of John T. Thomas and Jeffrey N. Theiler, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350, Chapter 63 of Title 18, United States Code) for Physicians Realty Trust 
 101.INS This instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because of XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Extension Schema Document( 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document( 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document( 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document( 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document( 104.0 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 
 Users of this data are advised pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T that this interactive data file is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement for purposes of Section 11 or 12 of the Securities Act, is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 
 
 (1) Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed with the SEC on June 14, 2013 (File No. 333-188862). 
 (2) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2017 (File No. 001-36007). 
 110 

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on June 17, 2015 (File No. 333-205034). 
 (4) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 7, 2017 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (5) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 1, 2017 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (6) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K led with the SEC on October 13, 2021 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (7) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 6, 2015. 
 (8) Incorporated by reference to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 filed with the SEC on June 20, 2013 (File No. 333-188862). 
 (9) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 5, 2021 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (10) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (11) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 7, 2014 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (12) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 30, 2019 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (13) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 12, 2015 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (14) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 13, 2016 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (15) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 12, 2016 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (16) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 11, 2016 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (17) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K led with the SEC on September 28, 2021 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (18) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (19) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 8, 2020 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (20) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2018 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (21) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2020 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (22) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K led with the SEC on October 6, 2021 (File No. 001-36007). 
 (23) Incorporated by reference to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K led with the SEC on December 21, 2021 (File No. 001-36007). 

111 

<EX-4.9>
 2
 exhibit49descriptionofsecu.htm
 EX-4.9

Document 
 Exhibit 4.9 

 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Physicians Realty Trust has one class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), being our common shares. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON SHARES 
 
 The following description of our common shares and preferred shares is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our declaration of trust (the Declaration of Trust and our Bylaws (the Bylaws ), each of which are incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.7 is a part. We encourage you to read our Declaration of Trust, our Bylaws and the applicable provisions of the Maryland REIT LAW (the MRL and the Maryland General Corporation Law (the MGCL for additional information. 
 
 The terms we, us and our as such terms are used in the following description of common shares and preferred shares refer to Physicians Realty Trust, and not any of its subsidiaries, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 General 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that we may issue up to 500,000,000 common shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share, and 100,000,000 preferred shares of beneficial interest, 0.01 par value per share. Our Declaration of Trust authorizes our board of trustees to amend our Declaration of Trust to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares or the number of shares of any class or series that we have the authority to issue without shareholder approval. 
 
 Under Maryland law, shareholders are not personally liable for the obligations of a Maryland real estate investment trust solely as a result of their status as shareholders. 
 
 Common Shares 
 
 All of the common shares that may be issued in connection with an offering will, upon issuance, be duly authorized, fully paid and nonassessable. Subject to the preferential rights, if any, of holders of any other class or series of shares of beneficial interest and to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares of beneficial interest, holders of our common shares are entitled to receive distributions on such shares of beneficial interest out of assets legally available therefor if, as and when authorized by our board of trustees and declared by us, and the holders of our common shares are entitled to share ratably in our assets legally available for distribution to our shareholders in the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up after payment of or adequate provision for all of our known debts and liabilities. 
 
 Subject to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of common shares of beneficial interest and except as may otherwise be specified in the terms of any class or series of common shares, each outstanding common share entitles the holder to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, including the election of trustees, and, except as provided with respect to any other class or series of shares of beneficial interest, the holders of such common shares will possess the exclusive voting power. There is no cumulative voting in the election of our 

trustees, which means that the shareholders entitled to cast a majority of the votes entitled to be cast in the election of trustees can elect all of the trustees then standing for election, and the remaining shareholders will not be able to elect any trustees. 
 
 Holders of common shares have no preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund, redemption or appraisal rights and have no preemptive rights to subscribe for any of our securities. Subject to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares contained in our Declaration of Trust and the terms of any other class or series of common shares, all of our common shares will have equal dividend, liquidation and other rights. 
 
 Power to Reclassify Our Unissued Shares of Beneficial Interest 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust authorizes our board of trustees to classify and reclassify any unissued common or preferred shares into other classes or series of shares of beneficial interest. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series, our board of trustees is required by Maryland law and by our Declaration of Trust to set, subject to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust regarding the restrictions on ownership and transfer of shares of beneficial interest, the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Therefore, our board of trustees could authorize the issuance of common shares or preferred shares that have priority over our common shares as to voting rights, dividends or upon liquidation or with terms and conditions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control or other transaction that might involve a premium price for our common shares or otherwise be in the best interests of our shareholders. 
 
 Restrictions on Ownership and Transfer 
 
 For us to qualify as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), our shares of beneficial interest must be beneficially owned by 100 or more persons during at least 335 days of a taxable year of 12 months or during a proportionate part of a shorter taxable year. Also, not more than 50 of the value of our outstanding shares of beneficial interest may be owned, directly or indirectly, by five or fewer individuals (as defined in the Code to include certain entities) during the last half of a taxable year. 
 
 Because our board of trustees believes it is at present essential for us to qualify as a REIT, among other purposes, our Declaration of Trust provides that, subject to certain exceptions, no person may beneficially or constructively own more than 9.8 in value or in number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our shares of beneficial interest, which we refer to as the ownership limit. Our board of trustees has granted, and may in the future grant, an exemption to the 9.8 share ownership limit. However, our board of trustees may not grant an exemption from this restriction to any proposed transferee whose ownership in excess of 9.8 of the number or value of our outstanding shares would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust also prohibits any person from (i) beneficially owning shares of beneficial interest to the extent that such beneficial ownership would result in our being closely held within the meaning of Section 856(h) of the Code (without regard to whether the ownership interest is held during the last half of the taxable year), (ii) transferring our shares of beneficial interest to the extent that such transfer would result in our shares of beneficial interest being beneficially owned by less than 100 persons (determined under the principles of Section 856(a)(5) of the Code), (iii) beneficially or constructively owning our shares of beneficial interest to the extent such beneficial or constructive ownership would cause us to constructively own ten percent or more of the ownership interests in a tenant (other than a taxable REIT subsidiary TRS )) of our real property within the meaning of Section 856(d)(2)(B) of the Code or (iv) beneficially or constructively owning or transferring our shares of beneficial interest if such ownership or transfer would otherwise cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT under the Code, including, but not limited to, as a result of any operators that manage qualified healthcare 

properties for a TRS failing to qualify as eligible independent contractors under the REIT rules. Any person who acquires or attempts or intends to acquire beneficial or constructive ownership of our shares of beneficial interest that will or may violate any of the foregoing restrictions on ownership and transfer, or any person who would have owned our shares of beneficial interest that resulted in a transfer of shares to a charitable trust (as described below), is required to give written notice immediately to us, or in the case of a proposed or attempted transaction, to give at least 15 days prior written notice, and provide us with such other information as we may request in order to determine the effect of such transfer on our status as a REIT. The foregoing restrictions on ownership and transfer will not apply if our board of trustees determines that it is no longer in our best interests to attempt to qualify, or to continue to qualify, as a REIT, or that compliance with the restrictions on ownership and transfer is no longer required for us to qualify as a REIT. 
 
 Our board of trustees, in its sole discretion, may prospectively or retroactively exempt a person from the restrictions described in the paragraph above (other than the restriction described in clause (iv) of the preceding paragraph) and may establish or increase an excepted holder percentage limit for such person. The person seeking an exemption must provide to our board of trustees such representations, covenants and undertakings as our board of trustees may deem appropriate in order to conclude that granting the exemption will not cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. Our board of trustees may not grant such an exemption to any person if such exemption would result in our failing to qualify as a REIT. Our board of trustees may require a ruling from the IRS or an opinion of counsel, in either case in form and substance satisfactory to the board of trustees, in its sole discretion, in order to determine or ensure our status as a REIT. Our board of trustees may from time to time increase or decrease the ownership limit for one or more persons, but any decreased ownership limit will not be effective for any person whose percentage ownership of our shares is in excess of the decreased ownership limit until the person s percentage ownership of our shares equals or falls below the decreased ownership limit (although any acquisition of our shares in excess of the decreased ownership limit will be in violation of the decreased ownership limit). Our board of trustees may not increase the ownership limit if the increase, taking into account any expected holder limits, would allow five or fewer individuals (including certain entities) to beneficially own more than 49.9 in value of our outstanding shares. 
 
 Any attempted transfer of our shares of beneficial interest which, if effective, would result in a violation of any of the restrictions described above will result in the number of shares causing the violation (rounded up to the nearest whole share) to be automatically transferred to one or more charitable trusts for the exclusive benefit of one or more charitable beneficiaries, except that any transfer that results in the violation of the restriction relating to our shares of beneficial interest being beneficially owned by fewer than 100 persons will be void ab initio. In either case, the proposed transferee will not acquire any rights in such shares. The automatic transfer will be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the business day prior to the date of the purported transfer or other event that results in the transfer to the trust. Shares held in the trust will be issued and outstanding shares. The proposed transferee will not benefit economically from ownership of any shares held in the trust, will have no rights to dividends or other distributions and will have no rights to vote or other rights attributable to the shares held in the trust. The trustee of the trust will have all voting rights and rights to dividends or other distributions with respect to shares held in the trust. These rights will be exercised for the exclusive benefit of the charitable beneficiary. Any dividend or other distribution paid prior to our discovery that shares have been transferred to the trust will be paid by the recipient to the trustee upon demand. Any dividend or other distribution authorized but unpaid will be paid when due to the trustee. Any dividend or other distribution paid to the trustee will be held in trust for the charitable beneficiary. Subject to Maryland law, the trustee will have the authority (i) to rescind as void any vote cast by the proposed transferee prior to our discovery that the shares have been transferred to the trust and (ii) to recast the vote in accordance with the desires of the trustee acting for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. However, if we have already taken irreversible trust action, then the trustee will not have the authority to rescind and recast the vote. 
 
 Within 20 days of receiving notice from us that shares of beneficial interest have been transferred to the trust, the trustee will sell the shares to a person designated by the trustee, whose ownership of the shares will not violate the above restrictions on ownership and transfer. Upon the sale, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will 

terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and to the charitable beneficiary as follows The proposed transferee will receive the lesser of (i) the price paid by the proposed transferee for the shares or, if the event that resulted in the transfer to the trust did not involve a purchase of the shares at market price, the market price (as defined in our Declaration of Trust) of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in the trust and (ii) the price per share received by the trustee (net of any commission and other expenses of sale) from the sale or other disposition of the shares. The trustee may reduce the amount payable to the proposed transferee by the amount of dividends or other distributions paid to the proposed transferee and owed by the proposed transferee to the trustee. Any net sale proceeds in excess of the amount payable to the proposed transferee will be paid immediately to the charitable beneficiary. If, prior to our discovery that our shares have been transferred to the trust, the shares are sold by the proposed transferee, then (i) the shares shall be deemed to have been sold on behalf of the trust and (ii) to the extent that the proposed transferee received an amount for the shares that exceeds the amount the proposed transferee was entitled to receive, the excess shall be paid to the trustee upon demand. 
 
 In addition, shares of beneficial interest held in the trust will be deemed to have been offered for sale to us, or our designee, at a price per share equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that resulted in the transfer to the trust (or, if the event that resulted in the transfer to the trust did not involve a purchase of the shares at market price, the market price of the shares on the day of the event causing the shares to be held in trust) and (ii) the market price on the date we, or our designee, accept the offer, which we may reduce by the amount of dividends and other distributions paid to the proposed transferee and owed by the proposed transferee to the trustee and pay such amount instead to the trustee for the benefit of the charitable beneficiary. We will have the right to accept the offer until the trustee has sold the shares. Upon a sale to us, the interest of the charitable beneficiary in the shares sold will terminate and the trustee will distribute the net proceeds of the sale to the proposed transferee and any dividends or other distributions held by the trustee must be paid to the charitable beneficiary. 
 If a transfer to a charitable trust, as described above, would be ineffective for any reason to prevent a violation of the restrictions described above, the transfer that would have resulted in such violation will be void ab initio, and the proposed transferee shall acquire no rights in such shares. 
 
 All certificated shares will bear a legend referring to the restrictions described above (or a declaration that we will furnish a full statement about certain restrictions on transfer to a shareholder on request and without charge). 
 
 Every owner of more than 5 (or such lower percentage as required by the Code or the regulations promulgated thereunder) of all classes or series of our shares of beneficial interest, within 30 days after the end of each taxable year, is required to give us written notice, stating the owner s name and address, the number of shares of each class and series of our shares of beneficial interest beneficially owned and a description of the manner in which the shares are held. Each such owner must also provide us with such additional information as we may request in order to determine the effect, if any, of the beneficial ownership on our status as a REIT and to ensure compliance with the restrictions on ownership and transfer of our shares. In addition, each shareholder will upon demand be required to provide us with such information as we may request in order to determine our status as a REIT and to comply with the requirements of any taxing authority or governmental authority or to determine such compliance. 
 
 These restrictions on ownership and transfer could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our common shares or otherwise be in the best interest of our shareholders. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our common shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol DOC. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common shares is Computershare Trust Company, N.A. 
 
 CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF MARYLAND LAW AND OF OUR 
 DECLARATION OF TRUST AND BYLAWS 
 
 Number of Trustees Vacancies 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws provide that the number of our trustees may be established, increased or decreased by our board of trustees but may not be less than the minimum number required by the MRL, if any, nor more than 15. Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, we have also elected to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL regarding the filling of vacancies on our board of trustees. Accordingly, except as may be provided by our board of trustees in setting the terms of any class or series of shares of beneficial interest, any and all vacancies on our board of trustees may be filled only by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining trustees in office, even if the remaining trustees do not constitute a quorum, and any individual elected to fill such vacancy will serve for the remainder of the full term of the class in which the vacancy occurred and until a successor is duly elected and qualifies. 
 
 Each of our trustees will be elected by our shareholders to serve for a one-year term and until his or her successor is duly elected and qualified. A majority of all votes cast with respect to a trustee at a meeting of shareholders at which a quorum is present is sufficient to elect that trustee provided, however , that the trustees shall be elected by a plurality of all the votes cast at any annual meeting for which the number of nominees exceeds the number of trustees to be elected. The presence in person or by proxy of shareholders entitled to cast a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at a meeting constitutes a quorum. 
 
 Removal of Trustees 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that, subject to the rights of holders of any class or series of preferred shares, a trustee may be removed only for cause, and then only by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast generally in the election of trustees. For this purpose, cause means, with respect to any particular trustee, conviction of a felony or a final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction holding that such trustee caused demonstrable, material harm to us through bad faith or active and deliberate dishonesty. These provisions, when coupled with the exclusive power of our board of trustees to fill vacancies on our board of trustees, generally precludes shareholders from (i) removing incumbent trustees except for cause and with a substantial affirmative vote and (ii) filling the vacancies created by such removal with their own nominees. 
 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Under certain provisions of the MGCL applicable to Maryland real estate investment trusts, certain business combinations, including a merger, consolidation, statutory share exchange or, in certain circumstances, an asset transfer or issuance or reclassification of equity securities, between a Maryland real estate investment trust and an interested shareholder or, generally, any person who beneficially, directly or indirectly, owns 10 or more of the voting power of the real estate investment trust s outstanding voting shares or an affiliate or associate of the real estate investment trust who, at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question, was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of 10 or more of the voting power of the then outstanding voting shares of beneficial interest of the real estate investment trust, or an affiliate of such an interested shareholder, are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the interested 

shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. Thereafter, any such business combination must be recommended by the board of trustees of such real estate investment trust and approved by the affirmative vote of at least (a) 80 of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of outstanding voting shares of beneficial interest in the real estate investment trust and (b) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of voting shares of beneficial interest in the real estate investment trust other than shares held by the interested shareholder with whom (or with whose affiliate) the business combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested shareholder, unless, among other conditions, the real estate investment trust s common shareholders receive a minimum price (as defined in the MGCL) for their shares and the consideration is received in cash or in the same form as previously paid by the interested shareholder for its shares. Under the MGCL, a person is not an interested shareholder if the board of trustees approved in advance the transaction by which the person otherwise would have become an interested shareholder. A real estate investment trust s board of trustees may provide that its approval is subject to compliance with any terms and conditions determined by it. 
 
 These provisions of the MGCL do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by a board of trustees prior to the time that the interested shareholder becomes an interested shareholder. Pursuant to the statute, our board of trustees has by resolution exempted business combinations between us and any other person from these provisions of the MGCL, provided that the business combination is first approved by our board of trustees, including a majority of trustees who are not affiliates or associates of such person, and, consequently, the five year prohibition and the supermajority vote requirements will not apply to such business combinations. As a result, any person may be able to enter into business combinations with us that may not be in the best interests of our shareholders without compliance by us with the supermajority vote requirements and other provisions of the statute. This resolution, however, may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time. If this resolution is repealed, or our board of trustees does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer. 
 
 Control Share Acquisitions 
 
 The MGCL provides that holders of control shares of a Maryland real estate investment trust acquired in a control share acquisition have no voting rights with respect to the control shares except to the extent approved by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter, excluding shares of beneficial interest in a real estate investment trust in respect of which any of the following persons is entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of the voting power of such shares in the election of trustees (1) a person who makes or proposes to make a control share acquisition, (2) an officer of the real estate investment trust or (3) an employee of the real estate investment trust who is also a trustee of the real estate investment trust. Control shares are voting shares which, if aggregated with all other such shares owned by the acquirer, or in respect of which the acquirer is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power (except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy), would entitle the acquirer to exercise voting power in electing trustees within one of the following ranges of voting power (A) one-tenth or more but less than one-third, (B) one-third or more but less than a majority or (C) a majority or more of all voting power. Control shares do not include shares that the acquirer is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained shareholder approval or shares acquired directly from the real estate investment trust. A control share acquisition means the acquisition of issued and outstanding control shares, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an undertaking to pay expenses and making an acquiring person statement as described in the MGCL), may compel a board of trustees to call a special meeting of shareholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a meeting is made, the real estate investment trust may itself present the question at any shareholders meeting. 

If voting rights are not approved at the meeting or if the acquirer does not deliver an acquiring person statement as required by the statute, then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the real estate investment trust may redeem any or all of the control shares (except those for which voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value determined, without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control shares, as of the date of any meeting of shareholders at which the voting rights of such shares are considered and not approved or, if no such meeting is held, as of the date of the last control share acquisition by the acquirer. If voting rights for control shares are approved at a shareholders meeting and the acquirer becomes entitled to vote a majority of the shares entitled to vote, all other shareholders may exercise appraisal rights, unless our Declaration of Trust or Bylaws provide otherwise. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share paid by the acquirer in the control share acquisition. 
 
 The control share acquisition statute does not apply to (a) shares acquired in a merger, consolidation or statutory share exchange if the real estate investment trust is a party to the transaction or (b) acquisitions approved or exempted by the declaration of trust or bylaws of the real estate investment trust. 
 
 Our Bylaws contain a provision exempting from the control share acquisition statute any and all acquisitions by any person of our shares. There is no assurance that such provision will not be amended or eliminated at any time in the future. 
 
 Subtitle 8 
 
 Subtitle 8 of Title 3 of the MGCL permits a Maryland real estate investment trust with a class of equity securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (as amended, the Exchange Act and at least three independent trustees to elect to be subject, by provision in its declaration of trust or bylaws or a resolution of its board of trustees and notwithstanding any contrary provision in the declaration of trust or bylaws, to any or all of five provisions 
 
 a classified board 
 a two-thirds vote requirement for removing a trustee 
 a requirement that the number of trustees be fixed only by vote of the trustees 
 a requirement that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining trustees and, if the board is classified, for the remainder of the full term of the class of trustees in which the vacancy occurred and 
 a majority requirement for the calling of a shareholder-requested special meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust, we have elected to be subject to the provision of Subtitle 8 that requires that vacancies on our board may be filled only by the remaining trustees and for the remainder of the full term of the trusteeship in which the vacancy occurred. Through provisions in our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws unrelated to Subtitle 8, we already (1) require the affirmative vote of the holders of not less than two-thirds of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter for the removal of any trustee from the board, which removal will be allowed only for cause, (2) vest in the board the exclusive power to fix the number of trusteeships, (3) require that a vacancy on the board be filled only by the remaining trustees and (4) require, unless called by our chairman, chief executive officer, president or a majority of the board of trustees, the written request of shareholders entitled to cast not less than a majority of the votes entitled to be cast at such meeting to call a special meeting of shareholders. 
 
 Meetings of Shareholders 
 
 Pursuant to our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws, a meeting of our shareholders for the purpose of the election of trustees and the transaction of any business will be held annually on a date and at the time and place set by our board of trustees. A special meeting of our shareholders to act on any matter that may properly be brought before a meeting of our shareholders will also be called by our secretary upon the written request of shareholders entitled to cast not less than a 

majority of all the votes entitled to be cast at the meeting on such matter and containing the information required by our Bylaws. Our secretary will inform the requesting shareholders of the reasonably estimated cost of preparing and delivering the notice of meeting (including our proxy materials), and the requesting shareholder must pay such estimated cost before our secretary is required to prepare and deliver the notice of the special meeting. 
 
 Mergers Extraordinary Transactions 
 
 Under the MRL, a Maryland real estate investment trust generally cannot merge with, or convert into another entity unless advised by its board of trustees and approved by the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a lesser percentage (but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the trust s declaration of trust. Our Declaration of Trust provides that these mergers, consolidations and conversions must be advised by our board of trustees and approved by a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. Our Declaration of Trust also provides that we may sell or transfer all or substantially all of our assets if approved by our board of trustees and by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. However, many of our operating assets will be held by our subsidiaries, and these subsidiaries may be able to sell all or substantially all of their assets, merge with or convert into another entity without the approval of our shareholders. 
 
 Amendment to Our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws 
 
 Under the MRL, a Maryland real estate investment trust generally cannot amend its declaration of trust unless advised by its board of trustees and approved by the affirmative vote of shareholders entitled to cast at least two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter unless a different percentage (but not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) is set forth in the trust s declaration of trust. 
 
 Except for amendments to the provisions of our Declaration of Trust related to the removal of trustees and the vote required to amend the provision regarding amendments to the removal provisions itself (each of which require the affirmative vote of not less than two-thirds of all the votes entitled to be cast on the matter) and certain amendments described in our Declaration of Trust that require only approval by our board of trustees, our Declaration of Trust may be amended only with the approval of our board of trustees and the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Our board of trustees is vested with the power to adopt, alter or repeal any provision of our Bylaws and to adopt new bylaws. In addition, our shareholders may alter or repeal any provision of our Bylaws and adopt new bylaw provisions if any such alteration, repeal or adoption is approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Our Termination 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides for us to have a perpetual existence. Our termination must be approved by a majority of our entire board of trustees and the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of all of the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. 
 
 Advance Notice of Trustee Nominations and New Business 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, with respect to an annual meeting of shareholders, nominations of individuals for election to our board of trustees at an annual meeting and the proposal of other business to be considered by shareholders may be made only (1) pursuant to our notice of the meeting, (2) by or at the direction of our board of trustees or (3) by a shareholder of record both at the time of giving of notice and at the time of the annual meeting, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and 

has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in our Bylaws. Our Bylaws currently require the shareholder generally to provide notice to the secretary containing the information required by our Bylaws not less than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date of our proxy statement for the solicitation of proxies for election of trustees at the preceding year s annual meeting, or if the date of the meeting is advanced or delayed by more than 30 days from the first anniversary of the preceding year s annual meeting, or with respect to the first annual meeting after this offering, not more than 150 days before the date of such meeting and not less than the later of 120 days before the date of such meeting or 10 days after the date on which we first publicly announce the date of such meeting. 
 
 With respect to special meetings of shareholders, only the business specified in our notice of meeting may be brought before the meeting. Nominations of individuals for election to our board of trustees at a special meeting may be made only by or at the direction of our board of trustees or provided that our board of trustees has determined that trustees will be elected at such meeting, by a shareholder who has complied with the advance notice provisions set forth in our Bylaws. Such shareholder may nominate one or more individuals, as the case may be, for election as a trustee if the shareholder s notice containing the information required by our Bylaws is delivered to the secretary not earlier than the 120th day prior to such special meeting and not later than 5 00 p.m., Eastern Time, on the later of (1) the 90th day prior to such special meeting or (2) the tenth day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and the proposed nominees of our board of trustees to be elected at the meeting. 
 
 Indemnification and Limitation of Trustees and Officers Liability 
 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland real estate investment trust to include in its declaration of trust a provision eliminating the liability of its trustees and officers to the trust and its shareholders for money damages except for liability resulting from (a) actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services or (b) active and deliberate dishonesty that is established by a final judgment and is material to the cause of action. Our Declaration of Trust contains a provision that eliminates our trustees and officers liability to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. 
 
 Maryland law permits a Maryland real estate investment trust to indemnify its present and former trustees and officers, among others, against judgments, penalties, fines, settlements and reasonable expenses actually incurred by them in connection with any proceeding to which they may be made or threatened to be made a party by reason of their service in those or other capacities unless it is established that (a) the act or omission of the trustee or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding and (i) was committed in bad faith or (ii) was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty (b) the trustee or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services or (c) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the trustee or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission was unlawful. However, under Maryland law, a Maryland real estate investment trust may not indemnify for an adverse judgment in a suit by or in the right of the real estate investment trust or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, unless in either case a court orders indemnification and then only for expenses. In addition, Maryland law permits a Maryland real estate investment trust to advance reasonable expenses to a trustee or officer upon the real estate investment trust s receipt of (a) a written affirmation by the trustee or officer of his or her good faith belief that he or she has met the standard of conduct necessary for indemnification and (b) a written undertaking by him or her or on his or her behalf to repay the amount paid or reimbursed by the trust if it is ultimately determined that the standard of conduct was not met. 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust authorizes us to obligate ourselves and our Bylaws obligate us, to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law, to indemnify any present or former trustee or officer or any individual who, while a trustee or officer of our company and at our request, serves or has served as a trustee, director, officer, partner, member, manager, employee, or agent of another real estate investment trust, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, joint venture, trust, employee benefit plan or other enterprise and who is made or threatened to be made a party to the proceeding by reason of his or her service in that capacity from and against any claim or liability to which that individual may become subject or which that individual may incur by reason of his or her service in any of the foregoing capacities and to pay or reimburse his 

or her reasonable expenses in advance of final disposition of a proceeding. Our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws also permit us to indemnify and advance expenses to any individual who served a predecessor of our company in any of the capacities described above and any employees or agents of our company or a predecessor of our company. 
 
 We have entered into indemnification agreements with each of our executive officers and trustees whereby we agree to indemnify such executive officers and trustees to the fullest extent permitted by Maryland law against all expenses and liabilities, subject to limited exceptions. These indemnification agreements also provide that upon an application for indemnity by an executive officer or trustee to a court of appropriate jurisdiction, such court may order us to indemnify such executive officer or trustee. 
 
 REIT Qualification 
 
 Our Declaration of Trust provides that our board of trustees may revoke or otherwise terminate our REIT election, without approval of our shareholders, if it determines that it is no longer in our best interest to continue to qualify as a REIT. 

</EX-4.9>

<EX-10.24>
 3
 exhibit1024-docxrestricted.htm
 EX-10.24

Document 
 Exhibit 10.24 

 RESTRICTED SHARE AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 PHYSICIANS REALTY TRUST 
 2013 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 
 1. Grant of Award . Pursuant to the Physicians Realty Trust 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the Plan for Employees, Consultants, and Outside Trustees of Physicians Realty Trust, a Maryland real estate investment trust (the Company ), the Company grants to 
 
 (the Participant 
 
 an Award of Restricted Shares in accordance with Section 6.3 of the Plan. The number of Common Shares awarded under this Restricted Share Award Agreement (the Agreement in lieu of the portion of the Participant s base salary the Participant has elected to receive in stock pursuant to the election deferral form provided by the Participant to the Company (the Election Deferral Form is (___) shares (the Awarded Shares ), of which (___) of the Awarded Shares are referred to herein as the Premium Shares. The Date of Grant of this Award is January 1, (___). 
 
 2. Subject to Plan . This Agreement is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, and the terms of the Plan shall control provided that in the event of any conflict between this Agreement, the Plan and an Employment Agreement in effect between the Company and the Participant (the Employment Agreement ), the terms of the Employment Agreement shall control to the extent that it results in accelerated vesting of the Awarded Shares (including the Premium Shares), and it shall not result in a delay of any vesting or any non-vesting of any Awarded Shares (including any Premium Shares) that otherwise would occur under the terms of the vesting provisions contained in Sections 3 and 4 of this Agreement. The capitalized terms used herein that are defined in the Plan shall have the same meanings assigned to them in the Plan. This Agreement is subject to any rules promulgated pursuant to the Plan by the Board or the Committee and communicated to the Participant in writing. 
 
 3. Vesting . Except as specifically provided in this Agreement and subject to certain restrictions and conditions set forth in the Plan, the Awarded Shares shall vest as follows 
 
 The Awarded Shares (other than the Premium Shares) shall cliff vest on January 1, (___), provided that the Participant is an Employee of the Company or a Subsidiary on that date and 
 The Premium Shares shall cliff vest on January 1, (___), provided that the Participant is an Employee of the Company or a Subsidiary on that date. 
 
 All Awarded Shares (including the Premium Shares) not previously vested shall immediately become fully vested upon (i) the Participant s death (ii) the Participant s Termination of Service due to Total and Permanent Disability (iii) involuntary Termination of Service by the Company without Cause (as such term is defined in the Participant s Employment Agreement) (iv) voluntary Termination of Service by the Participant for Good Reason (as such term is defined in the Participant s Employment Agreement) (v) the occurrence of a Change in Control, if and to the extent that this Award is not continued, assumed or converted into a replacement award or awards in connection with such Change in Control or (vi) as specifically provided in the Participant s Employment Agreement. All Awarded Shares (including the Premium Shares) not previously vested shall vest pro rata (based on the number of pay periods worked by the Participant over 24 pay periods (with respect to Awarded Shares) and 48 pay periods (with respect to Premium Shares)) upon the Participant s Termination of Service as a result of Retirement. The Participant shall be fully vested in any dividends or distributions with respect to his or her Awarded Shares (including the Premium Shares). 
 
 4. Forfeiture of Awarded Shares . Except as otherwise provided in the Employment Agreement (if applicable), Awarded Shares that are not vested in accordance with Section 3 shall be forfeited on the date of the Participant s Termination of Service. Upon forfeiture, all of the Participant s rights with respect to the forfeited Awarded Shares shall cease and terminate, without any further obligations on the part of the Company. 

5. Restrictions on Awarded Shares . Subject to the provisions of the Plan and the terms of this Agreement, from the Date of Grant until the date the Awarded Shares are vested in accordance with Section 3 and are no longer subject to forfeiture in accordance with Section 4 (the Restriction Period ), the Participant shall not be permitted to sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, margin, assign or otherwise encumber any of the Awarded Shares. Except for these limitations, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, remove any or all of the restrictions on such Awarded Shares whenever it may determine that, by reason of changes in applicable laws or changes in circumstances after the date of this Agreement, such action is appropriate. 
 
 6. Legend . Awarded Shares electronically registered in a Participant s name shall note that such shares are Restricted Shares. If certificates for Awarded Shares are issued, the following legend shall be placed on all such certificates 
 
 On the face of the certificate 
 
 Transfer of these Common Shares is restricted in accordance with conditions printed on the reverse of this certificate. 
 
 On the reverse 
 
 The Common Shares are subject to and transferable only in accordance with that certain Physicians Realty Trust 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, a copy of which is on file at the principal office of the Company in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. No transfer or pledge of the shares evidenced hereby may be made except in accordance with and subject to the provisions of said Plan and Award Agreement. By acceptance of these Common Shares, any holder, transferee or pledgee hereof agrees to be bound by all of the provisions of said Plan and Award Agreement. 
 
 The following legend shall be inserted on a certificate, if issued, evidencing Common Shares issued under the Plan if the shares were not issued in a transaction registered under the applicable federal and state securities laws 
 
 Common Shares represented by this certificate have been acquired by the holder for investment and not for resale, transfer or distribution, have been issued pursuant to exemptions from the registration requirements of applicable state and federal securities laws, and may not be offered for sale, sold or transferred other than pursuant to effective registration under such laws, or in transactions otherwise in compliance with such laws, and upon evidence satisfactory to the Company of compliance with such laws, as to which the Company may rely upon an opinion of counsel satisfactory to the Company. 
 
 All Awarded Shares (including the Premium Shares) owned by the Participant shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement and shall be represented by a certificate or certificates bearing the foregoing legend, as applicable. 
 
 7. Delivery of Certificates Registration of Shares . The Company shall deliver certificates for the Awarded Shares to the Participant (if requested by the Participant in accordance with Section 6.3(a) of the Plan and the Company has elected, in its sole discretion, to issue certificates (as opposed to electronic book entry form with respect to its Common Shares)) or shall register the Awarded Shares in the Participant s name, free of restriction under this Agreement, promptly after, and only after, the Restriction Period has expired without forfeiture pursuant to Section 4. 
 
 8. Rights of a Shareholder . Except as provided in Section 4 and Section 5 above, the Participant shall have, with respect to his Awarded Shares, all of the rights of a shareholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares, and the right to receive any dividends thereon. Any share dividends paid with respect to Awarded Shares shall at all times be treated as Awarded Shares and shall be subject to all restrictions placed on the applicable Awarded Shares any such share dividends paid with respect to Awarded Shares shall vest as the applicable Awarded Shares become vested. 

9. Voting . The Participant, as record holder of the Awarded Shares, has the exclusive right to vote, or consent with respect to, such Awarded Shares until such time as the Awarded Shares are transferred in accordance with this Agreement or are forfeited pursuant to Section 4 provided, however, that this Section 9 shall not create any voting right where the holders of such Awarded Shares otherwise have no such right. 
 
 10. Adjustment to Number of Awarded Shares . The number of Awarded Shares shall be subject to adjustment in accordance with Articles 11-13 of the Plan. 
 
 11. Specific Performance . The parties acknowledge that remedies at law will be inadequate remedies for breach of this Agreement and consequently agree that this Agreement shall be enforceable by specific performance. The remedy of specific performance shall be cumulative of all of the rights and remedies at law or in equity of the parties under this Agreement. 
 
 12. Participant s Representations . Notwithstanding any of the provisions hereof, the Participant hereby agrees that he or she will not acquire any Awarded Shares, and that the Company will not be obligated to issue any Awarded Shares to the Participant hereunder, if the issuance or holding of such shares shall constitute a violation by the Participant or the Company of any provision of any law or regulation of any governmental authority. In such case, any determination by the Company shall be final, binding, and conclusive. The rights and obligations of the Company and the rights and obligations of the Participant are subject to all Applicable Laws, rules, and regulations. 
 
 13. Investment Representation . Unless the Awarded Shares are issued in a transaction registered under applicable federal and state securities laws, by his or her execution hereof, the Participant represents and warrants to the Company that all Common Shares which may be purchased and or received hereunder will be acquired by the Participant for investment purposes for his or her own account and not with any intent for resale or distribution in violation of federal or state securities laws. Unless the Common Shares are issued to him or her in a transaction registered under the applicable federal and state securities laws, all certificates issued with respect to the Common Shares shall bear an appropriate restrictive investment legend and shall be held indefinitely, unless they are subsequently registered under the applicable federal and state securities laws or the Participant obtains an opinion of counsel, in form and substance satisfactory to the Company and its counsel, that such registration is not required. 
 
 14. Participant s Acknowledgments . The Participant acknowledges that a copy of the Plan has been made available for his review by the Company, and represents that he is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Award subject to all the terms and provisions thereof. The Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive, and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee or the Board, as appropriate, upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. The Participant acknowledges and agrees that (i) sales of Common Shares will be subject to the Company s policies regulating trading by Employees, Consultants and Outside Trustees, including any applicable blackout or other designated periods in which sales of Common Shares are not permitted, and (ii) Common Shares received hereunder will be subject to any recoupment or clawback policy applied with prospective or retroactive effect. 
 
 15. Law Governing . This Agreement shall be governed by, construed, and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland (excluding any conflict of laws rule or principle of Maryland law that might refer the governance, construction, or interpretation of this agreement to the laws of another state). 
 
 16. No Right to Continue Service or Employment . Nothing herein shall be construed to confer upon the Participant the right to continue in the employ of the Company or any Subsidiary, or interfere with or restrict in any way the right of the Company or any Subsidiary to discharge the Participant as an Employee at any time. 
 
 17. Legal Construction . In the event that any one or more of the terms, provisions, or agreements that are contained in this Agreement shall be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect for any reason, the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable term, provision, or agreement shall not affect any other term, provision, or agreement that is contained in this Agreement and this Agreement shall be construed in all respects as if the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable term, provision, or agreement had never been contained herein. 

18. Covenants and Agreements as Independent Agreements . Each covenant and agreement that is set forth in this Agreement shall be construed as a covenant and agreement independent of any other provision of this Agreement. The existence of any claim or cause of action of the Participant against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of the covenants and agreements that are set forth in this Agreement. 
 
 19. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Plan and the Employment Agreement (if applicable), supersede any and all other prior understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and constitute the sole and only agreements between the parties with respect to the said subject matter. All prior negotiations and agreements between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof are merged into this Agreement, the Participant s Employment Agreement (if applicable) and the Plan. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that no representations, inducements, promises, or agreements, orally or otherwise, have been made by any party or by anyone acting on behalf of any party, which are not embodied in this Agreement, the Participant s Employment Agreement (if applicable), or the Plan and that any agreement, statement or promise that is not contained in this Agreement, the Participant s Employment Agreement (if applicable) or the Plan shall not be valid or binding or of any force or effect. 
 
 20. Parties Bound . The terms, provisions, and agreements that are contained in this Agreement shall apply to, be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, legal representatives, and permitted successors and assigns, subject to the limitation on assignment expressly set forth herein. No person shall be permitted to acquire any Awarded Shares without first executing and delivering an agreement in the form satisfactory to the Company making such person or entity subject to the restrictions on transfer contained herein. 
 
 21. Modification . No change or modification of this Agreement shall be valid or binding upon the parties unless the change or modification is in writing and signed by the parties. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Company may amend the Plan or this Agreement to the extent permitted by the Plan. 
 
 22. Headings . The headings that are used in this Agreement are used for reference and convenience purposes only and do not constitute substantive matters to be considered in construing the terms and provisions of this Agreement. 
 
 23. Gender and Number . Words of any gender used in this Agreement shall be held and construed to include any other gender, and words in the singular number shall be held to include the plural, and vice versa, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 
 24. Notice . Any notice required or permitted to be delivered hereunder shall be deemed to be delivered only when actually received by the Company or by the Participant, as the case may be, at the addresses set forth below, or at such other addresses as they have theretofore specified by written notice delivered in accordance herewith 
 
 a. Notice to the Company shall be addressed and delivered as follows 
 
 Physicians Realty Trust 
 309 North Water Street, Suite 500 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 
 Attn Corporate Secretary 
 Fax (414) 978-6550 
 
 Notice to the Participant shall be addressed and delivered as set forth on the signature page. 
 
 25. Tax Requirements . The Participant is hereby advised to consult immediately with his or her own tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of this Agreement, the method and timing for filing an election to include this Agreement in income under Section 83(b) of the Code, and the tax consequences of such election. By execution of this Agreement, the Participant agrees that if the Participant makes such an election, the 

Participant shall provide the Company with written notice of such election in accordance with the regulations promulgated under Section 83(b) of the Code. The Company or, if applicable, any Subsidiary (for purposes of this Section 25, the term Company shall be deemed to include any applicable Subsidiary), shall have the right to deduct from all amounts paid in cash or other form in connection with the Plan, any Federal, state, local, or other taxes required by law to be withheld in connection with this Award. The Company may, in its sole discretion, also require the Participant receiving Common Shares issued under the Plan to pay the Company the amount of any taxes that the Company is required to withhold in connection with the Participant s income arising with respect to this Award. Such payments shall be required to be made when requested by the Company and may be required to be made prior to the delivery of any certificate representing Common Shares, if such certificate is requested by the Participant in accordance with Section 6.3(a) of the Plan. Such payment may be made (i) by the delivery of cash to the Company in an amount that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional shares under (iii) below) the required tax withholding obligations of the Company (ii) if the Company, in its sole discretion, so consents in writing, the actual delivery by the Participant to the Company of Common Shares, other than (A) Restricted Shares, or (B) Common Shares that the Participant has acquired from the Company within six (6) months prior thereto, which shares so delivered have an aggregate Fair Market Value that equals or exceeds (to avoid the issuance of fractional shares under (iii) below) the required tax withholding payment (iii) if the Company, in its sole discretion, so consents in writing, the Company s withholding of a number of shares to be delivered upon the vesting of this Award, which shares so withheld have an aggregate Fair Market Value that equals (but does not exceed) the required tax withholding payment or (iv) any combination of (i), (ii), or (iii). The Company may, in its sole discretion, withhold any such taxes from any other cash remuneration otherwise paid by the Company to the Participant. 
 
 26. Release . The Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Participant has willingly and voluntarily executed his or her Election Deferral Form and this Agreement in exchange for the Awarded Shares. Subject to compliance with the terms of his or her Election Deferral Form and this Agreement, the Participant agrees to release, discharge and hold the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates harmless from any claim by or on behalf of the Participant in connection with the Election Deferral Form and this Agreement. 
 
 27. REIT Status . This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed in a manner consistent with the Company s status as a real estate investment trust. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized officer, and the Participant, to evidence his or her consent and approval of all the terms hereof, has duly executed this Agreement, as of the date specified in Section 1 hereof. 
 
 COMPANY 
 PHYSICIANS REALTY TRUST By Name Title PARTICIPANT Signature Name Address 

</EX-10.24>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 exhibit21112312022.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES 
 (as of December 31, 2022) 
 ENTITY STATE OF ORIGIN Physicians Realty Trust Maryland Physicians Realty L.P. Delaware Sandwich Development Partners, LLC Illinois Eastwind MOB, LLC Ohio Ziegler-El Paso 8 Limited Partnership Wisconsin Ziegler-Wisconsin 16, LLC Wisconsin Remington Development Partners, LLC Illinois DOC-44344 Dequindre Rd MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-2315 Myrtle St MOB, LLC Delaware Ziegler-Tennessee 14, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1555 South Blvd East MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-850 Enterprise Pkwy MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-4809 Ambassador Caffery Pkwy MOB, LLC Delaware Ziegler-Arizona 23, LLC Wisconsin Crescent City Surgical Centre Facility, L.L.C Louisiana Ziegler-Wisconsin 24, LLC Wisconsin Savage Medical Building, LLC Minnesota DOC-1200 N State St MOB, LLC Delaware Crystal Medical Building, LLC Minnesota GRSH IRF, LP Texas DOC-15255 Max Leggett Pkwy MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-2 Hospital Plaza MOB, LLC Delaware VH Medical Partners LLC Delaware Dell Medical Building, LLC Minnesota DOC-FSH San Antonio Hospital, LLC Wisconsin DOC-FSH San Antonio MOB, LLC Wisconsin MTKA II MP LLC Delaware Cardinal Westerville II LLC Ohio MMB Medical Partners, LLC Delaware COG Real Estate Partners II, LLC Ohio DOC-Greymark HQ OKC MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2101 Charlotte St MOB, LLC Delaware Cambridge Nashville Medical Center, L.P. Tennessee DOC-PDMC Atlanta, LLC Wisconsin DOC-21st Century Sarasota, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4 Columbus Ave MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-SBO MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Pinnacle Harrisburg MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Carmel MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Grenada MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-MSMOC Jackson MOB, LLC Wisconsin Eagle Point Medical Building LLC Minnesota DOC-Premier Landmark MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-CRMC Carlisle, MOB LLC Wisconsin DOC-Renaissance Oshkosh MOB, LLC Wisconsin 

ENTITY STATE OF ORIGIN DOC-Summit Bloomington MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Baylor Mansfield ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-SIM Monroe ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Oaks Lady Lake MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Indiana 7 MOB, LLC Wisconsin Southern Point LLC Delaware Zangmeister Center LLC Delaware DOC-1755 Curie Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3100 Lee Trevino Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-9999 Kenworthy Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-16815 E Jefferson Ave MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-240 Grandview Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4520 Union Deposit MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-32 Northeast Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4518 Union Deposit MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Middletown Medical MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2633 Napoleon Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-207 Stonebridge Boulevard ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3400 West 66th Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2422 20th Street SW MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-MSM Greenwood MOBs, LLC Wisconsin CAN Real Estate, LLC Indiana DOC-10740 Palm River Rd MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-4352 North Josey Lane MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-7308 Bridgeport Way W MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-309 Renaissance, LLC Wisconsin DOC-CCP MOBs, LLC New York DOC-2511 Terra Crossing Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-9118 Bluebonnet Centre Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-19900 Haggerty Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-600 Health Park Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin Edina Medical Investment Partners L.L.C. Minnesota DOC-3833 Coon Rapids Boulevard NW MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2605 East Creeks Edge Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3602 Kyoto Gardens Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1710 North Randall Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-250 Fame Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-5401 South Congress Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2030 Stringtown Road MOB, LLC Ohio DOC-3730 Plaza Way MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-10815 West McDowell Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3815 East Bell Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-13555 West McDowell Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-9250 North 3rd Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-7277 Smith s Mill Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin 

ENTITY STATE OF ORIGIN DOC-Katy Medical MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-16838 East Palisades Boulevard MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2000 Lewis Turner Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1299 Industrial Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-5101 North Davis Highway MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-12600 Sorrento Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-10800 Panama City Beach Parkway MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1624 North McKenzie Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-411 North Section Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-669 South McKenzie Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-12601 Sorrento Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2101 Northside Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-5150 North Davis Highway MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4397 Ronald Reagan Boulevard ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3510 Old Washington Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3311 North 44th Street MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1203 Smizer Mill Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1609 Hospital Parkway MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1155 SE Monterey Road ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-300 Lake Drive East MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-21 Laurel Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-67 Prospect Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-560 W Mitchell St MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-2405 North Columbus Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin Hazelwood Medical Building, LLC Minnesota DOC-2660 10th Avenue South MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-6220 West Bell Road ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-633 Emerson Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2947 Rodeo Park Drive East MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-5757 Harper Drive NE MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2213 Decatur Highway ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-14688 Everton Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2900 Curve Crest MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-100 East Liberty Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-250 East Liberty Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1624 South I Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1802 South Yakima Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1 St. Vincent Circle MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4419 North Highway 7 MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3101 Summit View Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-350 Peak One Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4075 East 128th Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1451 Harrodsburg Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1900 Bluegrass Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1903 West Hebron Lane MOB, LLC Wisconsin 

ENTITY STATE OF ORIGIN DOC-225 Abraham Flexner Way MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3920 Dutchmans Lane MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4500 Churchman Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2111 Landmark Circle MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-401 East Gold Coast Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-908 North Howard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1105 West Frank Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1111 West Frank Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1301 West Frank Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-11311 Bridgeport Way MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-6401 Kimball Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-34509 9th Avenue South MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Harrodsburg Road MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-12635 West Bluemound Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1905 West Hebron Lane MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3200 West 33rd Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-16221 St. Vincent Way MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-11045 Lansing Circle MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4402 Churchman Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1212 East Main Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2500 Sunset Drive NW MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-810 East Rosser Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1310 East Main Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-310 North 9th Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-12809 West Dodge Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-16940 Lakeside Hills Plaza MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2116 West Faidley Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-11109 South 84th Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-17030 Lakeside Hills Plaza MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3219 Central Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-7440 South 91st Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-725 Glenwood Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2255 East Mossy Oaks Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1708 South Yakima Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2420 South State Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2001 Beam Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-17198 St. Luke s Way MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-100 Pilot Medical Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Unity Lafayette MOBS, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Medical Village at Maitland, LLC Wisconsin DOC-225 Crosslake Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin Desert Cove MOB, LLC Arizona DOC-1320 Broadcasting Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1003 Reserve Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-8116 Good Luck Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin 

ENTITY STATE OF ORIGIN DOC-4100 Park Forest MOB, LLC Michigan DOC-4100 Park Forest MOB (Unit 4), LLC Michigan DOC-5100 West Taft Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4000 Medical Center Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1561 Ulster Avenue MOB, LLC Delaware CEI Drive MOB, LLC Ohio DOC-20745 North Scottsdale Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-6734 Route 9 MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3925 North Gateway Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4780 North Josey Lane MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4921 Long Prairie Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-4951 Long Prairie Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-201 North Mountain Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-5000 Long Prairie Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1050 SE Monterey Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1301 Barbara Jordan Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1315 Barbara Jordan Boulevard, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2412 Cuming Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-118 Women's Center Lane MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1455 Higdon Ferry Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1662 Higdon Ferry Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-200 Heart Center Lane MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1108 1st Street SE MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-808 3rd Street SE MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-811 2nd Street SE MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1213 15th Avenue W MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-6829 North 72nd Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-7710 Mercy Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2501 Citico Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2215 East Villa Maria MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2700 East 29th Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-13950 Brandywine Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin TL MOB, LLC Delaware CP MOB I and II, LLC Delaware STV Fishers MOB, LLC Delaware STV Carmel MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-3410 Worth St. MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2105 East Enterprise Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3601 CCI Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1124 East McKellips Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-9160 Carothers Parkway MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Deauville Boulevard MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-250 West 96th Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3855 Pleasant Hill Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-631 Professional Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin 

ENTITY STATE OF ORIGIN DOC-500 Medical Center Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-14655 Galaxie Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-7330 North 99th Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-10401 Spotsylvania Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-105 West Stone Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1110 West Peachtree Street NW MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-9726 Touchton Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-5146 Preston Avenue ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2600 Scripture Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-251 Breezeway St MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-Shell Ridge Plaza MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-5555 Peachtree Dunwoody Road NE MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-CHI Rockwall Holding, LLC Wisconsin Medcore Realty Eden Hill, LLC Delaware DOC-1400 George Dieter Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-515 West Middle Turnpike MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-500 S. Henderson Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1400 Education Way MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-465 N. Cleveland Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3699 Epworth Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2401 Northampton Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-376 Tolland Turnpike MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-484 County Line Rd West MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2590 Healing Way MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-33300 North 32nd Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-7242 East Osborn Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-440 New Britain Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-9 Centre Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3641-3731 Ridge Mill Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2027 Lebanon Church Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin NNGS Development, LLC Florida DOC-5040 FOREST DRIVE MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-7340 West College Drive MOB, LLC Wisconsin MP IV DOC Brooklyn MOB, LLC Delaware Buford Drive MOB I, LLC Georgia Ziegler-Texas 8, LLC Wisconsin Ziegler-Illinois 12, LLC Wisconsin Ziegler-Illinois 18, LLC Wisconsin DOC-FSH El Paso Medical Center Partners, LLC Wisconsin DOC-CCSC Crescent City Surgical Centre, LLC Wisconsin DOC-CONS Columbus MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3100 Plaza Properties Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-9085 Southern Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-170 Taylor Station Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-560 North Cleveland Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin 

ENTITY STATE OF ORIGIN DOC-DG Holding, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Indiana American MOBs, LLC Wisconsin DOC-MP Holding, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Nashville MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Desert Cove MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Scottsdale IRF, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2945 Hazelwood Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-3316 West 66th Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-8515 Eagle Point Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Yulee Holding Company, LLC Delaware DOC-Pensacola Summit ASC, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Medcore Eden Hill, LLC Delaware DOC-Landmark Holding 7, LLC Delaware DOC-Landmark TRS 7, LLC Delaware DOC-FSH El Paso Medical Center, LLC Wisconsin DOC-8096 Twin Beech Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-TL Slidell MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-East Boulevard MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-DG Xchange MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-DG MOB Funding, LLC Wisconsin DOC-LM Elizabeth MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-MPC Fort Worth MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-DG 610 MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-DG MAPLE GROVE MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Griffin Road MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-DUNWOODY MEDICAL CAMPUS, LLC Wisconsin DOC-DG Lakeville MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-DSF Roswell Riverwalk, LLC Wisconsin DOC-1 City Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin Ziegler-Maine 15, LLC Wisconsin Jeff Orleans Medical Development Real Estate, L.L.C. Louisiana DOC-CCSC Crescent City Land, LLC Wisconsin DOC-MedCore Realty HSP, LLC Wisconsin DOC-PMAK MOB Holding, LLC Wisconsin DOC-911 John Street MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-DG MOB Fund Holding, LLC Wisconsin DOC-6010 Bay Parkway MOB, LLC Delaware DOC-Buford Drive MOB I Investors, LLC Delaware DOC-Buford Drive MOB I, LLC Wisconsin Ziegler-Ohio 19, LLC Wisconsin DOC-LifeCare Plano LTACH. LLC Wisconsin DOC-LifeCare Ft. Worth LTACH, LLC Wisconsin DOC-Great Falls Holding, LLC Wisconsin 

ENTITY STATE OF ORIGIN DOC-Physicians Drive El Paso, LLC Wisconsin DOC-2625 Market Place MOB, LLC Wisconsin DOC-886 McKinley Avenue MOB, LLC Wisconsin HealCo Properties, LLC Delaware HC-16561 NORTH PARKVIEW PLACE BHF, LLC Wisconsin 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-22.1>
 5
 exhibit22112312022.htm
 EX-22.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 22.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARY ISSUERS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES 
 
 Physicians Realty Trust is the guarantor of the outstanding guaranteed debt securities of its subsidiaries, as listed below. 
 
 Debt Instrument Issuer 4.300 Senior Notes due 2027 Physicians Realty L.P. 
 3.950 Senior Notes due 2028 Physicians Realty L.P. 
 2.625 Senior Notes due 2031 Physicians Realty L.P. 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 exhibit23112312022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (No. 333-190085, No. 333-198715, No. 333-204032, and No. 333-231187 on Forms S-8 and No. 333-236725 on Form S-3) of Physicians Realty Trust of our reports dated February 24, 2023 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of Physicians Realty Trust, and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Physicians Realty Trust, included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Physicians Realty Trust for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Milwaukee, Wisconsin 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 exhibit31112312022.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, John T. Thomas, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Physicians Realty Trust 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s John T. Thomas John T. Thomas Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 exhibit31212312022.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Jeffrey N. Theiler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Physicians Realty Trust 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Jeffrey N. Theiler Jeffrey N. Theiler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 exhibit32112312022.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies, for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, in his capacity as an officer of Physicians Realty Trust (the Company ), that, to such person s knowledge 
 
 a. the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 b. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 
 
 s John T. Thomas John T. Thomas Chief Executive Officer and President s Jeffrey N. Theiler Jeffrey N. Theiler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This certification is not deemed to be filed for purposes of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), or otherwise subject to the liability under the Exchange Act. This certification is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 doc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 doc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 doc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 doc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 doc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

