<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1049606_0001558370-23-002573.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6116436</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140094</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1023033</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2194206</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1006088</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1590039</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-002573.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301161555
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-002573
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001049606
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CUTLERY, HANDTOOLS & GENERAL HARDWARE [3420]
		IRS NUMBER:				570981653
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-13905
		FILM NUMBER:		23693706

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240-2620
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9724481400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240-2620

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-002573.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 cik-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended 

 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___ to ____ Commission file number . (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered No securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act. 

 Indicate by check mark: If the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes If the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registration was required to submit such files). No Whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Whether the Registrant is a shell Company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the 1.6 million shares of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of CompX International Inc. as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) approximated million. As of February 21, 2023, registrant had shares of Class A common stock, .01 par value per share, outstanding. Documents incorporated by reference 

PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS General CompX International Inc. (NYSE American: CIX), incorporated in Delaware in 1993, is a leading manufacturer of security products used in the postal, recreational transportation, office and institutional furniture, cabinetry, tool storage, healthcare and a variety of other industries. We are also a leading manufacturer of wake enhancement systems, stainless steel exhaust systems, gauges, throttle controls and trim tabs for the recreational marine industry. Our products are principally designed for use in medium to high-end product applications where design, quality and durability are valued by our customers. At December 31, 2022, NL Industries, Inc. (NYSE: NL) owns approximately 87 of our outstanding common stock, Valhi, Inc. (NYSE: VHI) owns approximately 83 of NL s outstanding common stock and a subsidiary of Contran Corporation owns approximately 92 of Valhi s outstanding common stock. As discussed in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, a majority of Contran s outstanding voting stock is held directly by Lisa K. Simmons and various family trusts established for the benefit of Ms. Simmons, Thomas C. Connelly (the husband of Ms. Simmons late sister) and their children and for which Ms. Simmons or Mr. Connelly, as applicable, serve as trustee (collectively, the Other Trusts ). With respect to the Other Trusts for which Mr. Connelly serves as trustee, he is required to vote the shares of Contran voting stock held in such trusts in the same manner as Ms. Simmons. Such voting rights of Ms. Simmons last through April 22, 2030 and are personal to Ms. Simmons. The remainder of Contran s outstanding voting stock is held by another trust (the Family Trust ), which was established for the benefit of Ms. Simmons and her late sister and their children and for which a third-party financial institution serves as trustee. Consequently, at December 31, 2022, Ms. Simmons and the Family Trust may be deemed to control Contran, and therefore may be deemed to indirectly control the wholly-owned subsidiary of Contran, Valhi, NL and us. Our corporate offices are located at Three Lincoln Centre, 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1700, Dallas, Texas 75240. Our telephone number is (972) 448-1400. We maintain a website at www.compxinternational.com . Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to we, us, or our refer to CompX International Inc. and its subsidiaries taken as a whole. Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Statements in this Annual Report that are not historical facts are forward-looking in nature and represent management s beliefs and assumptions based on currently available information. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as believes, intends, may, should, could, anticipates, expects or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategies or trends. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we do not know if these expectations will be correct. Such statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could significantly impact expected results. Actual future results could differ materially from those predicted. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those described herein are the risks and uncertainties discussed in this Annual Report and those described from time to time in our other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and include, but are not limited to, the following: Future demand for our products, Changes in our raw material and other operating costs (such as zinc, brass, aluminum, steel and energy costs) and our ability to pass those costs on to our customers or offset them with reductions in other operating costs, Price and product competition from low-cost manufacturing sources (such as China), The impact of pricing and production decisions, Customer and competitor strategies including substitute products, Uncertainties associated with the development of new products and product features, 
 - 2 - 

Future litigation, Our ability to protect or defend our intellectual property rights, Potential difficulties in integrating future acquisitions, Decisions to sell operating assets other than in the ordinary course of business, Environmental matters (such as those requiring emission and discharge standards for existing and new facilities), The ultimate outcome of income tax audits, tax settlement initiatives or other tax matters, including future tax reform, Government laws and regulations and possible changes therein including new environmental health and safety or other regulations, General global economic and political conditions that disrupt or introduce instability into our supply chain, impact our customers level of demand or our customers perception regarding demand or impair our ability to operate our facilities (including changes in the level of gross domestic product in various regions of the world, natural disasters, terrorist acts, global conflicts and public health crises such as COVID-19), Operating interruptions (including, but not limited to labor disputes, hazardous chemical leaks, natural disasters, fires, explosions, unscheduled or unplanned downtime, transportation interruptions, cyber-attacks and public health crises such as COVID-19); and Possible disruption of our business or increases in the cost of doing business resulting from terrorist activities or global conflicts. 
 Should one or more of these risks materialize or if the consequences worsen, or if the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from those currently forecasted or expected. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of changes in information, future events or otherwise. Industry Overview We manufacture engineered components utilized in a variety of applications and industries. We manufacture mechanical and electrical cabinet locks and other locking mechanisms used in postal, recreational transportation, office and institutional furniture, cabinetry, tool storage and healthcare applications. We also manufacture wake enhancement systems, stainless steel exhaust systems, gauges, throttle controls, trim tabs and related hardware and accessories for the recreational marine and other industries. We continuously seek to diversify into new markets and identify new applications and features for our products, which we believe provide a greater potential for higher rates of earnings growth as well as diversification of risk. See also Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Business Segments We have two operating business segments Security Products and Marine Components. For additional information regarding our segments, see Part II Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Manufacturing, Operations and Products Security Products . Our Security Products segment manufactures mechanical and electrical cabinet locks and other locking mechanisms used in a variety of applications including mailboxes, ignition systems, file cabinets, desk drawers, tool storage cabinets, high security medical cabinetry, integrated inventory and access control secured narcotics boxes, electronic circuit panels, storage compartments, gas station security, vending and cash containment machines. Our Security Products segment has one manufacturing facility in Mauldin, South Carolina and one in Grayslake, Illinois which is shared with Marine Components. We believe we are a North American market leader in the manufacture and sale of cabinet locks and other locking mechanisms. These products include: disc tumbler locks which provide moderate security and generally represent the lowest cost lock we produce; 
 - 3 - 

pin tumbler locking mechanisms which are more costly to produce and are used in applications requiring higher levels of security, including KeSet and System 64 (which each allow the user to change the keying on a single lock 64 times without removing the lock from its enclosure), TuBar and Turbine ; and our innovative CompX eLock and StealthLock electronic locks which provide stand-alone or networked security and audit trail capability for drug storage and other valuables through the use of a proximity card, magnetic stripe, radio frequency or other keypad credential. 
 A substantial portion of our Security Products sales consist of products with specialized adaptations to an individual customer s specifications, some of which are listed above. We also have a standardized product line suitable for many customers, which is offered through a North American distribution network to locksmith and smaller original equipment manufacturer distributors via our STOCK LOCKS distribution program. Marine Components . Our Marine Components segment manufactures and distributes wake enhancement systems, stainless steel exhaust components, gauges, throttle controls, trim tabs and related hardware and accessories primarily for ski/wakeboard boats (tow boats) and performance boats. Our Marine Components segment has a facility in Neenah, Wisconsin and a facility in Grayslake, Illinois which is shared with Security Products. Our specialty Marine Component products are high precision components designed to operate within tight tolerances in the highly demanding marine environment. These products include: wake enhancement devices, trim tabs, steering wheels and billet aluminum accessories; original equipment and aftermarket stainless steel exhaust headers, exhaust pipes, mufflers and other exhaust components; high performance gauges such as GPS speedometers and tachometers; mechanical and electronic controls and throttles; dash panels, LED indicators, and wire harnesses; and grab handles, pin cleats and other accessories. 
 For information regarding our three principal manufacturing facilities, see Item 2 Properties. Raw Materials Our primary raw materials are: Security Products - zinc and brass (for the manufacture of locking mechanisms). Marine Components - stainless steel (for the manufacture of exhaust headers and pipes and wake enhancement systems), aluminum (for the manufacture of throttles and trim tabs) and other components. 
 These raw materials are purchased from several suppliers, are readily available from numerous sources and accounted for approximately 17 of our total cost of sales for 2022. Total material costs, including purchased components, represented approximately 47 of our cost of sales in 2022. We occasionally enter into short-term commodity-related raw material supply arrangements to mitigate the impact of future price increases in commodity-related raw materials, including zinc, brass and stainless steel. These arrangements generally provide for stated unit prices based upon specified purchase volumes, which help us to stabilize our commodity-related raw material costs to a certain extent. At other times we may make spot market buys of larger quantities of raw materials to take advantage of favorable pricing or volume-based discounts. Prices for the primary commodity-related raw materials used in the manufacture of our locking mechanisms, primarily zinc and brass, generally increased throughout 2021 and the first half of 2022. Prices began to stabilize in the latter half of 2022, although at elevated levels. The prices for stainless steel, the primary raw material used for the manufacture of marine exhaust headers and pipes and wake enhancement systems, experienced significant volatility during 2021 and 2022. Based on current economic conditions, we expect the prices for zinc, brass, stainless steel and other manufacturing materials in 2023 to be relatively stable, although at the elevated levels we experienced in the second half of 2022. When purchased on the spot market, 
 - 4 - 

each of these raw materials may be subject to sudden and unanticipated price increases. When possible, we seek to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in these raw material costs on our margins through improvements in production efficiencies or other operating cost reductions. In the event we are unable to offset raw material cost increases with other cost reductions, it may be difficult to recover those cost increases through increased product selling prices or raw material surcharges due to the competitive nature of the markets in which we compete. Consequently, overall operating margins can be affected by commodity-related raw material cost pressures. Commodity market prices are cyclical, reflecting overall economic trends, specific developments in consuming industries and speculative investor activities. Patents and Trademarks We hold a number of patents relating to our component products, certain of which we believe to be important to us and our continuing business activity. Patents generally have a term of 20 years, and our patents have remaining terms ranging from 1 year to 18 years at December 31, 2022. Our major trademarks and brand names in addition to CompX include: 

Security Products Security Products Marine Components CompX Security Products Lockview CompX Marine National Cabinet Lock System 64 Custom Marine Fort Lock SlamCAM Livorsi Marine Timberline Lock RegulatoR Livorsi II Marine Chicago Lock CompXpress CMI Industrial STOCK LOCKS GEM Custom Marine Stainless Exhaust KeSet Turbine The #1 Choice in Performance Boating TuBar NARC iD Mega Rim StealthLock NARC Race Rim ACE ecoForce Vantage View ACE II Pearl GEN-X CompX eLock Sales, Marketing and Distribution A majority of our component sales are direct to large OEM customers through our factory-based sales and marketing professionals supported by engineers working in concert with field salespeople and independent manufacturer s representatives. We select manufacturer s representatives based on special skills in certain markets or relationships with current or potential customers. In addition to sales to large OEM customers, a substantial portion of our Security Products sales are made through distributors. We have a significant North American market share of cabinet lock security product sales as a result of the locksmith distribution channel. We support our locksmith distributor sales with a line of standardized products used by the largest segments of the marketplace. These products are packaged and merchandised for easy availability and handling by distributors and end users. We sell to a diverse customer base with only two customers representing 10 or more of our sales in 2022 (United States Postal Service representing 14 and Malibu Boats, LLC representing 12 ). Our largest ten customers accounted for approximately 52 of our sales in 2022. Competition The markets in which we participate are highly competitive. We compete primarily on the basis of product design, including space utilization and aesthetic factors, product quality and durability, price, on-time delivery, service and technical support. We focus our efforts on the middle and high-end segments of the market, where product design, quality, durability and service are valued by the customer. Our Security Products segment competes against a number of domestic and foreign manufacturers. Our Marine Components segment competes with small domestic manufacturers and is minimally affected by foreign competitors. 
 - 5 - 

Environmental, Social and Governance ESG We seek to operate our business in line with sound ESG principles that include corporate governance, social responsibility, sustainability and cybersecurity. We believe ESG means conducting operations with high standards of environmental and social responsibility, practicing exemplary ethical standards, focusing on safety as a top priority, respecting human rights and supporting our local communities, and continuously developing our employees. At our facilities, we undertake various environmental sustainability programs, and we promote social responsibility and volunteerism through programs designed to support and give back to the local communities in which we operate. Each of our locations maintains site-specific safety programs and disaster response and business continuity plans. All manufacturing facilities have detailed, site-specific emergency response procedures that we believe adequately address regulatory compliance, vulnerability to potential hazards, emergency response and action plans, employee training, alarms and warning systems and crisis communication. At a corporate level, we engage in periodic reviews of our cybersecurity programs, including cybersecurity risk and threats. Our cybersecurity programs are built on operations and compliance foundations. Operations focus on continuous detection, prevention, measurement, analysis, and response to cybersecurity alerts and incidents and on emerging threats. Compliance establishes oversight of our cybersecurity programs by creating risk-based controls to protect the integrity, confidentiality, accessibility, and availability of company data stored, processed, or transferred. We periodically update our board of directors on our cyber-related risks and cybersecurity programs. In an effort to align our non-employee directors financial interests with those of our stockholders, our Board established share ownership guidelines for our non-management directors. Regulatory and Environmental Matters We have a history of incorporating environmental management and compliance in our operations and decision making. We operate three low-emission manufacturing facilities and our production processes requiring waste-water discharge are consolidated at our Mauldin, South Carolina facility. This facility has received a ReWa Gold Award multiple years for its exemplary performance from Renewable Water Resources, an organization which sets regulatory and water policies for the Mauldin facility s geographic region. In addition, we operate extensive scrap metal recycling programs to reduce landfill waste. Our operations are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, handling, generation, transportation, treatment, emission, discharge, disposal, remediation of and exposure to hazardous and non-hazardous substances, materials and wastes. Our operations also are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to worker health and safety. We believe we are in substantial compliance with all such laws and regulations. To date, the costs of maintaining compliance with such laws and regulations have not significantly impacted our results. We currently do not anticipate any significant costs or expenses relating to such matters; however, it is possible future laws and regulations may require us to incur significant additional expenditures. Human Capital Resources Employees Our operating results depend in part on our ability to successfully manage our human capital resources, including attracting, identifying, and retaining key talent. We have a well-trained labor force with a substantial number of long-tenured employees. We provide competitive compensation and benefits to our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs can include annual bonuses, defined contribution plans with employer matching opportunities, healthcare and insurance benefits, health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, family leave, family care resources, employee assistance programs, and tuition assistance. As of December 31, 2022, we employed 609 people, all in the United States. We believe our labor relations are good. Health and Safety Protecting the health and safety of our workforce, our customers, our business partners and the natural environment is one of our core values. We are committed to maintaining a strong safety culture where all workers meet or exceed required industry performance standards and continuously seek to improve occupational and process safety performance. We are conducting our business in ways that provide all personnel with a safe and healthy work environment and have established safety and environmental programs and goals to achieve such results. We expect 
 - 6 - 

our manufacturing facilities to produce our products safely and in compliance with local regulations, policies, standards and practices intended to protect the environment and people, and we have established policies designed to promote such compliance. We require our employees to comply with such requirements. We provide our workers with the tools and training necessary to make the appropriate decisions to prevent accidents and injuries. Each of our operating facilities develops, maintains, and implements safety programs encompassing key aspects of their operations. In addition, management reviews and evaluates safety performance throughout the year. We monitor conditions that could lead to a safety incident and keep track of injuries through reporting systems in accordance with laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We track this data to assess the quality of our safety performance. We use lost time incidents as a key measure of worker safety. We define lost time incidents as work-related accidents where a worker sustains an injury that results in time away from work. We had lost time incidents of nil in 2020, one in 2021 and three in 2022. Diversity and Inclusion We recognize that everyone deserves respect and equal treatment. We embrace diversity and collaboration in our workforce and our business initiatives. We are an equal opportunity employer and we base employment decisions on merit, competence and qualifications, without regard to race, color, national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, sex, sexual orientation or other characteristics protected by applicable law in the jurisdictions in which we operate. We promote a respectful, diverse and inclusive workplace in which all individuals are treated with respect and dignity. Website and Available Information Our fiscal year end is always the Sunday closest to December 31, and our operations are reported on a 52 or 53-week fiscal year. For presentation purposes, annual information in this Form 10-K is presented as ended on December 31. The actual date of our fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 are January 3, 2021, January 2, 2022, and January 1, 2023, respectively. Our fiscal year ending December 31, 2020 was a 53-week year. We furnish our stockholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements. In addition, we file annual, quarterly and current reports; proxy and information statements and other information with the SEC. We also make our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all related amendments, available free of charge through our website at www.compxinternational.com as soon as reasonably practical after they have been filed with the SEC. We also provide to anyone, without charge, copies of the documents upon written request. Requests should be directed to the attention of the Corporate Secretary at our address on the cover page of this Form 10-K. Additional information, including our Audit Committee Charter, our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and our Corporate Governance Guidelines, can also be found on our website. Information contained on our website is not a part of this Annual Report. We are an electronic filer. The SEC maintains an internet website at www.sec .gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as us, that file electronically with the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Listed below are certain risk factors associated with us and our businesses. In addition to the potential effect of these risk factors discussed below, any risk factor which could result in reduced earnings, operating losses, or reduced liquidity, could in turn adversely affect our ability to service our liabilities or pay dividends on our common stock or adversely affect the quoted market prices for our securities. Operational Risk Factors We operate in mature and highly competitive markets, resulting in pricing pressure and the need to continuously reduce costs. Many of the markets we serve are highly competitive, with a number of competitors offering similar products. We focus our efforts on the middle and high-end segment of the market where we feel that we can compete due to the importance of product design, quality and durability to the customer. However, our ability to effectively compete is impacted by a number of factors. The occurrence of any of these factors could result in reduced earnings or operating losses. 
 - 7 - 

Competitors may be able to drive down prices for our products beyond our ability to adjust costs because their costs are lower than ours, especially products sourced from Asia. Competitors financial, technological and other resources may be greater than our resources, which may enable them to more effectively withstand changes in market conditions. Competitors may be able to respond more quickly than we can to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements. A reduction of our market share with one or more of our key customers, or a reduction in one or more of our key customers market share for their end-use products, may reduce demand for our products. New competitors could emerge by modifying their existing production facilities to manufacture products that compete with our products. We may not be able to sustain a cost structure that enables us to be competitive. Customers may no longer value our product design, quality or durability over the lower cost products of our competitors. 
 Our development of innovative features for current products is critical to sustaining and growing our sales. Historically, our ability to provide value-added custom engineered products that address requirements of technology and space utilization has been a key element of our success. We spend a significant amount of time and effort to refine, improve and adapt our existing products for new customers and applications. Since expenditures for these types of activities are not considered research and development expense under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), the amount of our research and development expenditures, which is not significant, is not indicative of the overall effort involved in the development of new product features. The introduction of new product features requires the coordination of the design, manufacturing and marketing of the new product features with current and potential customers. The ability to coordinate these activities with current and potential customers may be affected by factors beyond our control. While we will continue to emphasize the introduction of innovative new product features that target customer-specific opportunities, we do not know if any new product features we introduce will achieve the same degree of success that we have achieved with our existing products. Introduction of new product features typically requires us to increase production volume on a timely basis while maintaining product quality. Manufacturers often encounter difficulties in increasing production volumes, including delays, quality control problems and shortages of qualified personnel or raw materials. As we attempt to introduce new product features in the future, we do not know if we will be able to increase production volumes without encountering these or other problems, which might negatively impact our financial condition or results of operations. Higher costs or limited availability of our raw materials could negatively impact our financial results. Certain raw materials used in our products are commodities that are subject to significant fluctuations in price in response to world-wide supply and demand as well as speculative investor activity. Zinc and brass are the principal raw materials used in the manufacture of security products. Stainless steel and aluminum are the major raw materials used in the manufacture of marine components. These raw materials are purchased from several suppliers and are generally readily available from numerous sources. We occasionally enter into short-term raw material supply arrangements to mitigate the impact of future increases in commodity-related raw material costs and ensure supply. Materials purchased outside of these arrangements are sometimes subject to unanticipated and sudden price increases. Certain components used in our products are manufactured by foreign suppliers located in China and elsewhere. Global economic and political conditions, including natural disasters, terrorist acts, global conflicts and public health crises such as pandemics, could prevent our vendors from being able to supply these components. Should our vendors not be able to meet their supply obligations or should we be otherwise unable to obtain necessary raw materials or components, we may incur higher supply costs or may be required to reduce production levels, either of which may decrease our liquidity or negatively impact our financial condition or results of operations as we may be unable to offset the higher costs with increases in our selling prices or reductions in other operating costs. 
 - 8 - 

Legal, Compliance and Regulatory Risk Factors Failure to protect our intellectual property rights or claims by others that we infringe their intellectual property rights could substantially harm our business. We rely on patent, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and similar laws in other countries to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in our technology and designs. Despite these measures, any of our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or misappropriated. Others may independently discover our trade secrets and proprietary information, and in such cases we could not assert any trade secret rights against such parties. Further, we do not know if any of our pending trademark or patent applications will be approved. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to enforce and determine the scope of our intellectual property rights. In addition, the laws of certain countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Therefore, in certain jurisdictions, we may be unable to protect our technology and designs adequately against unauthorized third party use, which could adversely affect our competitive position. Third parties may claim that we or our customers are infringing upon their intellectual property rights. Even if we believe that such claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and distract our management s and technical staff s attention and resources. Claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us to redesign affected technology, enter into costly settlement or license agreements or pay costly damage awards, or face a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain of our technology. If we cannot or do not license the infringed technology on reasonable pricing terms or at all, or substitute similar technology from another source, our business could be adversely impacted. Climate change laws and regulations could negatively impact our financial results or limit our ability to operate our businesses. All of our production facilities are located in the United States and each requires energy, including electricity and natural gas in order to conduct operations. The U.S. government has determined that the consumption of energy derived from fossil fuels is a major contributor to climate change and is contemplating regulatory changes in response to the potential impact of climate change, including laws and regulations regarding carbon emission costs, Green House Gas GHG emissions and renewable energy targets. To date, laws and regulatory actions related to climate change have not had a material adverse effect on our financial results. Until the timing, scope and extent of any new or future regulation becomes known, we cannot predict the effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. However, if new laws or regulations or regulatory actions related to climate change were to be enacted or implemented, it could negatively impact our future results from operations through increased costs of production, particularly as it relates to our energy requirements. If such increased costs of production were to materialize, we may be unable to pass price increases on to our customers to compensate for increased production costs, which may decrease our liquidity, operating income and results of operations. In addition, any adopted future climate change laws and regulations could negatively impact our ability (or that of our customers and suppliers) to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. General Risk Factors Technology failures or cybersecurity breaches could have a material adverse effect on our operations. We rely on information technology systems to manage, process and analyze data, as well as to facilitate the manufacture and distribution of our products to and from our plants. We receive, process and ship orders, manage the billing of and collections from our customers, and manage the accounting for and payment to our vendors. Although we have systems and procedures in place to protect our information technology systems, there can be no assurance that such systems and procedures will be sufficiently effective. Therefore, any of our information technology systems may be susceptible to outages, disruptions, or destruction from power outages, telecommunications failures, employee error, cybersecurity breaches or attacks, and other similar events. This could result in a disruption of our business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or our assets, and/or the inability to access our information technology systems and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We have in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, cyber-attacks, including phishing, and other attempts to breach, or gain unauthorized access to our systems. To date we have not suffered breaches in our systems, either directly or through a trusted third-party vendor, which have led to material losses. Due to the increase in global cybersecurity incidents it has become increasingly 
 - 9 - 

difficult to obtain insurance coverage on reasonable pricing terms to mitigate some risks associated with technology failures or cybersecurity breaches, and we are experiencing such difficulties in obtaining insurance coverage. Physical impacts of climate change could have a material adverse effect on our costs and operations. Climate change may increase both the frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes, drought and snow or ice storms. Extreme weather conditions may increase our costs or cause damage to our facilities, and any damage resulting from extreme weather may not be fully insured. Furthermore, periods of extended inclement weather may inhibit our facility operations and delay or hinder shipments of our products to customers. Any such events could have a material adverse effect on our costs or results of operations. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Our principal executive offices are located in leased space at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Dallas, Texas 75240. The following table sets forth the location, size and business operating segment for each of our principal operating facilities. 

Business Size Facility Name Segment Location (square feet) Owned Facilities : National (1) SP Mauldin, SC 198,000 Grayslake (1) SP/MC Grayslake, IL 133,000 Custom (1) MC Neenah, WI 95,000 SP Security Products business segment MC Marine Components business segment (1) ISO-9001 registered facilities 
 We believe all of our facilities are well maintained and satisfactory for their intended purposes. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are involved, from time to time, in various environmental, contractual, product liability, patent (or intellectual property), employment and other claims and disputes incidental to our business. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We currently believe the disposition of all claims and disputes, individually or in the aggregate, should not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. 
 - 10 - 

PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Common Stock and Dividends. Our Class A common stock is listed and traded on the NYSE American (symbol: CIX). As of February 21, 2023, there were approximately 16 holders of record of CompX Class A common stock. Performance Graph . Set forth below is a line graph comparing the yearly change in our cumulative total stockholder returns on our Class A common stock against the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index and an index of a self-selected peer group of companies for the period from December 31, 2017 through December 31, 2022. The peer group index is comprised of The Eastern Company and Strattec Security Corporation. The graph shows the value at December 31 of each year assuming an original investment of 100 at December 31, 2017 and reinvestment of dividends. 

December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 CompX International Inc. 100 104 113 114 187 172 Russell 2000 Index 100 89 112 134 154 122 Peer Group 100 81 87 108 96 65 The information contained in the performance graph shall not be deemed soliciting material or filed with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically request that the material be treated as soliciting material or specifically incorporate this performance graph by reference into a document filed under the Securities Act or the Securities Exchange Act. Equity compensation plan information. We have a share based incentive compensation plan, approved by our stockholders, pursuant to which an aggregate of 200,000 shares of our Class A common stock can be awarded to non-employee members of our board of directors. At December 31, 2022, 131,050 shares are available for award under this plan. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 - 11 - 

ITEM 6. RESERVED ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Business Overview We are a leading manufacturer of engineered components utilized in a variety of applications and industries. Through our Security Products segment we manufacture mechanical and electrical cabinet locks and other locking mechanisms used in postal, recreational transportation, office and institutional furniture, cabinetry, tool storage and healthcare applications. We also manufacture wake enhancement systems, stainless steel exhaust systems, gauges, throttle controls, trim tabs and related hardware and accessories for the recreational marine and other industries through our Marine Components segment. Operating Income Overview We reported operating income of 25.4 million in 2022 compared to operating income of 20.5 million in 2021 and 11.8 million in 2020. The increase in operating income in 2022 over 2021 is primarily due to higher Marine Components sales and to a lesser extent higher Security Products sales. Our operating income was negatively impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, primarily in the second and third quarters, which significantly impacts operating income comparisons for the comparative periods. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020 and continuing through 2021, our sales volumes generally improved at both our business segments and the increase in operating income in 2021 over 2020 primarily resulted from the higher sales volumes. See results of operations discussion below. Our product offerings consist of a large number of products that have a wide variation in selling price and manufacturing cost, which results in certain practical limitations on our ability to quantify the impact of changes in individual product sales quantities and selling prices on our net sales, cost of sales and gross margin. In addition, small variations in period-to-period net sales, cost of sales and gross margin can result from changes in the relative mix of our products sold. Results of Operations - 2022 Compared to 2021 and 2021 Compared to 2020 

Years ended December 31, Change 2020 2021 2022 2020-21 2021-22 (In millions) Net sales 114.5 140.8 166.6 23 18 Cost of sales 81.7 98.1 117.8 20 20 Gross margin 32.8 42.7 48.8 30 14 Operating costs and expenses 21.0 22.2 23.4 6 5 Operating income 11.8 20.5 25.4 74 24 Percent of net sales: Cost of sales 71.3 69.7 70.7 Gross margin 28.7 30.3 29.3 Operating costs and expenses 18.4 15.8 14.0 Operating income 10.3 14.6 15.3 Net Sales. Net sales increased approximately 25.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021 due to higher Marine Component sales primarily to the towboat market and, to a lesser extent, higher Security Products sales across a variety of markets. 
 - 12 - 

Net sales increased approximately 26.3 million in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to higher sales at both of our segments, particularly in the second quarter of 2021, as many of our customers were temporarily closed or reduced production during the second quarter of 2020 due to government ordered closures or reduced demand resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Beginning in the third quarter of 2020 and continuing through 2021, Marine Components sales exceeded pre-pandemic levels. Security Products sales generally improved since third quarter of 2020 but did not recover to pre-pandemic levels until the second quarter of 2021 when sales improved in markets that had been slower to recover from the COVID-19 pandemic, particularly sales to distributors and the office furniture market. Cost of Sales and Gross Margin. Cost of sales increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the effects of the higher sales, as well as increased production costs at both Security Products and Marine Components. Gross margin as a percentage of sales decreased over the same period primarily due to the decrease in the Security Products gross margin percentage. Cost of sales increased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the effects of the higher sales, as well as increased production costs at both Security Products and Marine Components. Gross margin as a percentage of sales increased over the same period due to the increase in the Security Products gross margin percentage partially offset by the decrease in the Marine Components gross margin percentage. Operating Costs and Expenses . Operating costs and expenses consist primarily of sales and administrative-related personnel costs, sales commissions and advertising expenses directly related to product sales and administrative costs relating to business unit and corporate management activities, as well as gains and losses on sales of property and equipment. Operating costs and expenses increased in 2022 compared to 2021 predominantly due to higher salary and employment related costs which increased by .7 million. As a percentage of sales, operating costs and expenses decreased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the effect of higher sales. Operating costs and expenses increased in 2021 compared to 2020 predominantly due to higher salary and benefit costs which increased by .9 million. As a percentage of sales, operating costs and expenses decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to the effect of higher sales. Operating Income. As a percentage of net sales, operating income increased in 2022 compared to 2021 and increased in 2021 compared to 2020. Operating margins were primarily impacted by the factors impacting net sales, cost of sales, gross margin and operating costs discussed above. General . Our profitability primarily depends on our ability to utilize our production capacity effectively, which is affected by, among other things, the demand for our products and our ability to control our manufacturing costs, primarily comprised of labor costs and materials. The materials used in our products consist of purchased components and raw materials some of which are subject to fluctuations in the commodity markets such as zinc, brass and stainless steel. Total material costs represented approximately 47 of our cost of sales in 2022, with commodity-related raw materials representing approximately 17 of our cost of sales. Prices for the primary commodity-related raw materials used in the manufacture of our locking mechanisms, primarily zinc and brass, generally increased throughout 2021 and the first half of 2022. Prices began to stabilize in the latter half of 2022, although at elevated levels. The prices for stainless steel, the primary raw material used for the manufacture of marine exhaust headers and pipes and wake enhancement systems, experienced significant volatility during 2021 and 2022. Based on current economic conditions, we expect the prices for zinc, brass, stainless steel and other manufacturing materials in 2023 to be relatively stable, although at the elevated levels we experienced in the second half of 2022. We occasionally enter into short-term commodity-related raw material supply arrangements to mitigate the impact of future increases in commodity related raw material costs. See Item 1 - Business- Raw Materials. Interest Income. Interest income in 2022 increased compared to 2021 primarily due to higher interest rates and increased investment balances, partially offset by lower average loan balances on our loan to an affiliate. Interest income in 2021 decreased compared to 2020 primarily due to lower average loan balances on our loan to an affiliate. See Notes 3 and 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Provision for income taxes. A tabular reconciliation of our actual tax provision to the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21 is included in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As a member of the group of companies consolidated for U.S. federal income tax purposes with Contran, the parent of our consolidated U.S. federal 
 - 13 - 

income tax group, we compute our provision for income taxes on a separate company basis, using the tax elections made by Contran. Our effective income tax rate was 24 in each of 2020, 2021 and 2022. See Notes 8 and 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We currently expect our effective income tax rate for 2023 to be comparable to our effective income tax rate for 2022. Segment Results The key performance indicator for our segments is the level of their operating income (see discussion below). For additional information regarding our segments refer to Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Years ended December 31, Change 2020 2021 2022 2020-21 2021-22 (In millions) Security Products: Net sales 87.9 105.1 114.5 20 9 Cost of sales 62.1 71.5 79.1 15 11 Gross margin 25.8 33.6 35.4 30 5 Operating costs and expenses 10.9 12.0 12.7 11 5 Operating income 14.9 21.6 22.7 45 5 Gross margin 29.4 32.0 31.0 Operating income margin 17.0 20.6 19.9 Security Products. Security Products net sales increased 9 to 114.5 million in 2022 compared to 105.1 million in 2021 due to increased sales across a variety of markets. Relative to prior year, sales were 3.8 million higher to the government security market, 1.8 million higher to the office furniture market, 1.5 million higher to distributors, 1.0 million higher to the tool storage market, and .9 million higher to the gas station security market. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales for 2022 decreased as compared to 2021 primarily due to higher cost of sales, most significantly in the third and fourth quarters of 2022, as price increases and surcharges did not fully offset higher cost inventory sold in the latter half of the year. Operating income margin decreased for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the factors impacting gross margin, as well as increased operating costs and expenses, resulting from higher salaries and employment related costs, partially offset by increased coverage of operating costs and expenses from higher sales. Security Products net sales increased 20 to 105.1 million in 2021 compared to 87.9 million in 2020 when it experienced reduced demand across a variety of markets due to COVID-19. Compared to 2020, sales were 7.2 million higher to the government security market, 4.9 million higher to the transportation market, and 2.0 million higher to distribution customers. Gross margin as a percentage of net sales for 2021 increased as compared to 2020 due to increased coverage of fixed costs from higher sales, partially offset by higher production costs including increased raw materials costs across a variety of commodities and component inputs, higher shipping costs, and increased labor costs primarily due to higher overtime costs and increased headcount. Operating income margin increased for 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to increased coverage of operating costs and expenses on higher sales, partially offset by the higher production costs impacting gross margin and increased sales and administrative-related salary and benefit costs of .7 million. 
 - 14 - 

Years ended December 31, Change 2020 2021 2022 2020-21 2021-22 (In millions) Marine Components: Net sales 26.6 35.7 52.1 34 46 Cost of sales 19.6 26.6 38.7 36 45 Gross margin 7.0 9.1 13.4 29 47 Operating costs and expenses 2.9 3.5 3.8 18 9 Operating income 4.1 5.6 9.6 37 71 Gross margin 26.4 25.4 25.6 Operating income margin 15.3 15.7 18.4 Marine Components. Marine Components net sales increased 46 in 2022 as compared to 2021. Relative to prior year, sales were 11.5 million higher to the towboat market (primarily to original equipment boat manufacturers), 2.1 million higher to the engine builder market, and 2.0 million higher to the industrial market. Gross margin as a percentage of sales increased slightly in 2022 compared to 2021 with increased sales due to price increases and surcharges more than offsetting higher production costs, as well as increased coverage of cost of sales from higher sales. Operating income as a percentage of net sales increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to the factors impacting gross margin, as well as increased coverage of operating costs and expenses from higher sales. Marine Components net sales increased 34 in 2021 as compared to 2020 primarily due to increased sales of 7.2 million to several original equipment boat manufactures in the towboat market. Gross margin as a percentage of sales decreased in 2021 compared to 2020 as increased coverage of fixed costs from higher sales were more than offset by higher production costs including raw materials costs (primarily stainless steel), higher shipping costs, and increased labor costs resulting from higher overtime costs and increased headcount. Operating income as a percentage of net sales increased slightly in 2021 compared to 2020 due to increased coverage of operating costs and expenses from higher sales, partially offset by the factors impacting gross margin. Outlook. While we continued to experience strong demand at both our segments during the fourth quarter of 2022, the order rate and backlog at both segments began to soften late in the fourth quarter. We operated our manufacturing facilities at elevated production rates throughout 2022 in line with the strong demand and we continue to monitor demand levels and will adjust production rates accordingly. While labor markets continue to be competitive in each of the regions in which we operate and labor costs continue to rise, we have been able to achieve and maintain more balanced staffing levels aligned with current and forecasted demand, particularly at our Marine Components segment. We continue to face shortages related to certain electronic components; however, our supply chains are generally stable and recently transportation and logistical delays have been minimal. We expect gross margins at Security Products will continue to be challenged during 2023 as higher cost inventory continues to work its way through cost of sales and anticipated reduced demand may limit our ability to implement further price increases. While we expect Marine Components net sales to remain strong during the first quarter, we expect net sales will decline as compared to 2022 as marine market demand is being challenged by higher interest rates and several original equipment boat manufacturers, including certain of our customers, have publicly announced reduced production schedules in 2023 compared to 2022. We currently expect Marine Components gross margins as a percentage of net sales in 2023 to be comparable to 2022. Based on the softening demand and general economic conditions in North America, we currently expect to report lower net sales and operating income at both segments during 2023 compared to 2022. We are focused on managing inventory levels to support anticipated lower demand in 2023. With raw materials and other components more readily available, we believe we will be able to achieve additional operating efficiencies during the year although the extent and impact of such efficiencies is not yet known. Our expectations for our operations and the markets we serve are based on a number of factors outside our control. As noted above, there continue to be some global and domestic supply chain challenges and any future impacts on our operations will depend on, among other things, any future disruption in our operations or our suppliers operations, the impact of economic conditions and geopolitical events on demand for our products or our customers and suppliers operations, all of which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 - 15 - 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (GAAP) which requires us to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions we believe are reasonable based on our historical experience, contract terms, observations of known trends in our company and the industry as a whole and information available from other outside sources. Our estimates affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expense during the reporting period. Actual results may differ from initial estimates. We believe the most critical accounting policies and estimates involving significant judgments and estimates primarily relate to the considerations in the impairment assessments for goodwill and certain long-lived assets. We have discussed the development, selection and disclosure of our critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Goodwill Our goodwill totaled 23.7 million at December 31, 2022, all relating to our Security Products reporting unit, which corresponds to our Security Products operating segment. Goodwill is required to be tested annually or at other times whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. We perform our annual goodwill impairment test in the third quarter of each year, or at other times whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. Such events or circumstances may include: adverse industry or economic trends, lower projections of profitability, or a sustained decline in our market capitalization. These events or circumstances, among other items, may be indications of potential impairment issues which are triggering events requiring the testing of an asset s carrying value for recoverability. An entity may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is necessary to complete a quantitative impairment test using a more-likely-than-not criteria. If an entity believes it is more-likely-than-not the fair value of a reporting unit is greater than its carrying value, including goodwill, the quantitative impairment test can be bypassed. Alternatively, an entity has an unconditional option to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to performing the quantitative impairment test. 
 When performing a qualitative assessment, considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the qualitative impact of events and circumstances on the fair value of a reporting unit. Events and circumstances considered in our impairment evaluations, such as historical profits and stability of the markets served, are consistent with factors utilized with our internal projections and operating plan. However, future events and circumstances could result in materially different findings which could result in the recognition of a material goodwill impairment. Evaluations of possible impairment utilizing the quantitative impairment test require us to estimate, among other factors: forecasts of future operating results, revenue growth, operating margin, tax rates, capital expenditures, depreciation, working capital, weighted average cost of capital, long-term growth rates, risk premiums, terminal values, and fair values of our reporting units and assets. The goodwill impairment test is subject to uncertainties arising from such events as changes in competitive conditions, the current general economic environment, material changes in growth rate assumptions that could positively or negatively impact anticipated future operating conditions and cash flows, changes in the discount rate, and the impact of strategic decisions. If any of these factors were to materially change, such change may require revaluation of our goodwill. Changes in estimates or the application of alternative assumptions could produce significantly different results. In 2022, we used the qualitative assessment for our annual impairment test and determined it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, as we concluded it is more-likely- than-not the fair value of the Security Products reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. See Notes 1 and 6 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Long-lived assets The net book value of our property and equipment totaled 28.7 million at December 31, 2022. We assess property and equipment for impairment only when circumstances indicate an impairment may exist. Our determination is based upon, among other things, our estimates of the amount of future net cash flows to be generated by the long-lived asset (Level 3 inputs) and our estimates of the current fair value of the asset. 

 - 16 - 

Significant judgment is required in estimating such cash flows. Adverse changes in such estimates of future net cash flows or estimates of fair value could result in an inability to recover the carrying value of the long-lived asset, thereby possibly requiring an impairment charge to be recognized in the future. We do not assess our property and equipment for impairment unless certain impairment indicators are present. We did not evaluate any long-lived assets for impairment during 2022 because no such impairment indicators were present. Liquidity and Capital Resources Summary Our primary source of liquidity on an on-going basis is our cash flow from operating activities, which is generally used to (i) fund capital expenditures, (ii) repay short-term or long-term indebtedness incurred primarily for capital expenditures, business combinations or buying back shares of our outstanding stock and (iii) provide for the payment of dividends (if declared). From time-to-time, we may incur indebtedness to fund capital expenditures, business combinations or other investment activities. In addition, from time-to-time, we may also sell assets outside the ordinary course of business, the proceeds of which are generally used to repay indebtedness (including indebtedness which may have been collateralized by the assets sold) or to fund capital expenditures or business combinations. Consolidated cash flows Operating activities. Trends in cash flows from operating activities, excluding changes in assets and liabilities, for the last three years have generally been similar to the trends in our earnings. Depreciation and amortization were comparable in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. See Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Changes in assets and liabilities result primarily from the timing of production, sales and purchases. Such changes in assets and liabilities generally tend to even out over time. However, year-to-year relative changes in assets and liabilities can significantly affect the comparability of cash flows from operating activities. Cash provided by operating activities was 16.9 million in 2022 compared to 10.5 million in 2021. The 6.4 million increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily the net result of: A 4.9 million increase in operating income in 2022, A lower amount of net cash used by relative changes in inventories, receivables, payables and non-tax accruals of 3.9 million, A 3.1 million increase in cash paid for taxes in 2022 due to higher operating income, and A .7 million increase in interest received in 2022 due to higher interest rates and increased investment balances, partially offset by lower average loan balances on our loan to an affiliate. 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 10.5 million in 2021 compared to 15.5 million in 2020. The 5.0 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities was primarily the net result of: A higher amount of net cash used by relative changes in inventories, receivables, payables and non-tax accruals of 11.3 million, A 8.7 million increase in operating income in 2021, A 1.4 million increase in cash paid for taxes in 2021 due to higher operating income, and A 1.0 million decrease in interest received in 2021 due to lower average loan balances on our loan to an affiliate and the relative timing of interest received. 

 - 17 - 

Relative changes in working capital can have a significant effect on cash flows from operating activities. As shown below, the total average days sales outstanding was generally consistent from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 and is primarily impacted by the timing of sales and collections in the last month of the year. For comparative purposes, we have provided 2020 numbers below. 

December 31, December 31, December 31, Days Sales Outstanding: 2020 2021 2022 Security Products 35 Days 46 Days 45 Days Marine Components 24 Days 30 Days 30 Days Consolidated CompX 33 Days 42 Days 41 Days As shown below, our average number of days in inventory increased from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 due to increased inventories of certain components and raw materials that had longer lead times or for which we have experienced availability issues and from the timing of sales relative to the end of the fourth quarter, primarily at Security Products. For comparative purposes, we have provided 2020 numbers below. 

December 31, December 31, December 31, Days in Inventory: 2020 2021 2022 Security Products 75 Days 95 Days 101 Days Marine Components 75 Days 97 Days 95 Days Consolidated CompX 75 Days 96 Days 99 Days Investing activities . Capital expenditures have primarily emphasized improving our manufacturing facilities and investing in manufacturing equipment, utilizing new technologies and increased automation of the manufacturing process, to provide for increased productivity and efficiency in order to meet expected customer demand and properly maintain our facilities and technology infrastructure. Capital expenditures were 1.7 million in 2020, 4.1 million in 2021 and 3.7 million in 2022. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we limited 2020 expenditures to those required to meet our expected customer demand and those required to properly maintain our facilities and technology infrastructure. Our 2021 capital expenditures increased above pre-pandemic levels as we accelerated the timeline for certain projects designed to increase capacity and improve our capabilities in response to strong customer demand. Beginning in the latter half of 2022, we limited investments primarily to those expenditures required to meet our existing customer demand and to properly maintain our facilities and technology infrastructure. See Note 2 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. We expect our capital expenditures for 2023 will be approximately 3.0 million primarily to meet our expected customer demand and those required to properly maintain our facilities and technology infrastructure. Capital spending for 2023 is expected to be funded through cash on hand and cash generated from operations. We have entered into an unsecured revolving demand promissory note with Valhi under which, as amended, we have agreed to loan Valhi up to 25 million. Our loan to Valhi, as amended, bears interest at prime rate plus 1.00 , payable quarterly, with all principal due on demand, but in any event no earlier than December 31, 2024. Loans made to Valhi at any time under the agreement are at our discretion. Under the promissory note, Valhi borrowed a net 1.4 million in 2020 34.8 million of gross borrowings and 33.4 million of gross repayments), repaid a net 10.8 million in 2021 29.8 million of gross borrowings and 40.6 million of gross repayments) and repaid a net 5.5 million in 2022 24.3 million of gross borrowings and 29.8 million of gross repayments). See Note 10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. During 2022 we purchased marketable debt securities totaling 33.0 million. See Note 3 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Financing activities. Regular quarterly dividends paid totaled 5.0 million .40 per share, or .10 per share per quarter) in 2020, 9.9 million .80 per share, or .20 per share per quarter) in 2021, and 12.4 million 1.00 per share, or .25 per share per quarter) in 2022. In addition, our board of directors declared a special dividend on our Class A common stock which totaled 21.5 million 1.75 per share) that we paid on August 30, 2022. On March 1, 2023 our board of directors declared a first quarter 2023 dividend of .25 per share, to be paid on March 21, 2023 to CompX stockholders of record as of March 13, 2023. The declaration and payment of future dividends and the amount thereof, if any, is discretionary and is dependent upon our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements for our businesses, contractual requirements and restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. The 
 - 18 - 

amount and timing of past dividends is not necessarily indicative of the amount or timing of any future dividends which we might pay. During 2021, we acquired 75,000 shares of our Class A common stock in market transactions for 1.3 million. During 2022, we acquired 78,900 shares of our Class A common stock (8,900 shares from affiliates and 70,000 shares in a single market transaction) for an aggregate purchase price of 1.7 million. See Note 9 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Future Cash Requirements We believe cash generated from operations together with cash on hand will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service and dividends (if declared) for the next twelve months and our long term obligations for the next five years. To the extent that actual operating results or other developments differ materially from our expectations, our liquidity could be adversely affected. All of our 59.9 million aggregate cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities at December 31, 2022 were held in the U.S. We periodically evaluate our liquidity requirements, alternative uses of capital, capital needs and available resources in view of, among other things, our capital expenditure requirements, dividend policy and estimated future operating cash flows. As a result of this process, we have in the past and may in the future seek to raise additional capital, refinance or restructure indebtedness, issue additional securities, repurchase shares of our common stock, modify our dividend policy or take a combination of such steps to manage our liquidity and capital resources. In the normal course of business, we may review opportunities for acquisitions, joint ventures or other business combinations in the component products industry. In the event of any such transaction, we may consider using available cash, issuing additional equity securities or increasing our indebtedness or that of our subsidiaries. Commitments and contingencies As more fully described in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are a party to various agreements that contractually and unconditionally commit us to pay certain amounts in the future. See Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Additionally, we have purchase obligations of 17.7 million 16.3 million payable in 2023 and 1.4 million payable in 2024) which consists of open purchase orders and contractual obligations, primarily commitments to purchase raw materials and for capital projects in process at December 31, 2022. The timing and amount for purchase obligations are based on the contractual payment amount and the contractual payment date for those commitments. Recent accounting pronouncements None. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK General . We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and raw materials prices. Interest rates . We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates, primarily related to our note receivable from affiliate and or investment in marketable debt securities. The outstanding principal amount of the note receivable from affiliate of 13.2 million at December 31, 2022 bears interest at prime plus 1.0 (8.5 at December 31, 2022). We received interest income of 1.0 million from the note during 2022. At December 31, 2022 we have 33.1 million invested in marketable debt securities at an average interest rate of approximately 3 . Raw materials. We will occasionally enter into short term commodity-related raw material supply arrangements to mitigate the impact of future increases in commodity-related raw material costs. We do not have long-term supply agreements for our raw material requirements because either we believe the risk of unavailability of those raw materials is low and we believe the downside risk of price volatility to be too great or because long-term supply agreements for those materials are generally not available. We do not engage in commodity raw material hedging programs. 
 - 19 - 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The information called for by this Item is contained in a separate section of this Annual Report. See Index of Financial Statements (page F-1). ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. We maintain disclosure controls and procedures which, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit to the SEC under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions to be made regarding required disclosure. Our management with the participation of Scott C. James, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Amy A. Samford, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, has evaluated the design and operating effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, these executive officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the date of such evaluation. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting which, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f), means a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ), and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Our evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting is based upon the framework established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013 (commonly referred to as the 2013 COSO framework). Based on our evaluation under that framework, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide only management s report in this annual report. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 - 20 - 

Certifications. Our chief executive officer and chief financial officer are required to, among other things, quarterly file a certification with the SEC regarding the quality of our public disclosures, as required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We have filed the certifications for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 as exhibits 31.1 and 31.2 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURSIDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this report Proxy Statement ). ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. See also Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement. 
 - 21 - 

PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) and (c) Financial Statements 
 The consolidated financial statements listed on the accompanying Index of Financial Statements (see page F-1) are filed as part of this Annual Report. All financial statement schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or required, or the information that would be required to be included is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. (b) Exhibits 
 We have retained a signed original of any of these exhibits that contain signatures, and we will provide such exhibits to the Commission or its staff. Included as exhibits are the items listed in the Exhibit Index. We, upon request, will furnish a copy of any of the exhibits listed below upon payment of 4.00 per exhibit to cover our costs of furnishing the exhibits. Instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt issues which do not exceed 10 of consolidated total assets will be furnished to the Commission upon request. Such requests should be directed to the attention of our Corporate Secretary at our corporate offices located at 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1700, Dallas, Texas 75240. 

Item No. Exhibit Item 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Registrant incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for quarter ended June 30, 2018. 3.2 Certificate of Retirement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 5, 2018. 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Registrant, adopted by the Board of Directors March 3, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 3, 2021. 4.1 Description of Capital Stock incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on February 26, 2020. 10.1 Intercorporate Services Agreement between the Registrant and Contran Corporation effective as of January 1, 2004 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 filed on March 4, 2004. 10.2 CompX International Inc. 2012 Director Stock Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012 filed on March 6, 2013. 10.3 Tax Sharing Agreement between the Registrant, NL Industries, Inc. and Contran Corporation dated as of January 1, 2020 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on February 26, 2020. 10.4 Second Amended and Restated Agreement Regarding Shared Insurance among the Registrant, Contran Corporation, Kronos Worldwide, Inc., NL Industries, Inc., and Valhi, Inc. dated January 25, 2019 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed on February 27, 2019. 10.5 Unsecured Revolving Demand Promissory Note dated December 31, 2022 in the original principal amount of 25 million executed by Valhi, Inc. and payable to the Registrant. 
 - 22 - 

Item No. Exhibit Item 10.6 Form of Indemnification Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 26, 2016. 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 31.1 Certification 31.2 Certification 32.1 Certification 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Management contract, compensatory plan or agreement. Filed herewith. 
 - 23 - 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Scott C. James Scott C. James President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Loretta J. Feehan Chair of the Board March 1, 2023 Loretta J. Feehan /s/ Michael S. Simmons Vice Chairman of the Board March 1, 2023 Michael S. Simmons /s/ Scott C. James President, Chief Executive Officer and Director March 1, 2023 Scott C. James (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Amy A. Samford Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer March 1, 2023 Amy A. Samford (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Amy E. Ruf Vice President, Controller March 1, 2023 Amy E. Ruf (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Thomas E. Barry Director March 1, 2023 Thomas E. Barry /s/ Terri L. Herrington Director March 1, 2023 Terri L. Herrington /s/ Kevin B. Kramer Director March 1, 2023 Kevin B. Kramer /s/ Ann Manix Director March 1, 2023 Ann Manix /s/ Mary A. Tidlund Director March 1, 2023 Mary A. Tidlund 
 - 24 - 

Annual Report on Form 10-K Items 8 and 15(a) Index of Financial Statements 

Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2021 and 2022 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income Years ended December 31, 202 0 , 2021 and 2022 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity Years ended December 31, 202 0 , 2021 and 2022 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 All financial statement schedules have been omitted either because they are not applicable or required, or the information that would be required to be included is disclosed in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of CompX International Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CompX International Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2023, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2023 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits of these consolidated financial statements in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Goodwill Impairment Assessment Security Products Reporting Unit As described in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 23.7 million as of December 31, 2022, all of which related to the Company s Security Products reporting unit, which corresponds to its Security Products operating segment. As disclosed by management, management performs an annual goodwill impairment test in the third quarter of each year, or at other times whenever an event occurs or circumstances change that would more-likely-than-not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. Management first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not the fair value of the Security Products 
 F-2 

reporting unit is less than its carrying value. When performing a qualitative assessment, considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the qualitative impact of events and circumstances on the fair value of a reporting unit. Events and circumstances considered in management s impairment evaluations include historical profits and stability of the markets served. In 2022, management used the qualitative assessment for the annual impairment test and determined it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test, as management concluded it was more likely than not the fair value of the Security Products reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessment of the Security Products reporting unit is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when performing the qualitative impairment assessment and (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment and subjectivity in performing procedures and evaluating evidence relating to management s qualitative impairment assessment. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessment and the review of qualitative factors affecting the Security Products reporting unit. These procedures also included, among others, (i) evaluating management s qualitative impairment assessment by analyzing financial performance of the Security Products reporting unit, the Company s market capitalization and other events or circumstances impacting the reporting unit and (ii) comparing actual financial performance with forecasted financial performance used in previous impairment assessments to evaluate management s assessment of whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than the carrying value. /s/ March 1, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1993. 
 F-3 

COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands) 

December 31, ASSETS 2021 2022 Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Other assets: Note receivable from affiliate Goodwill Other noncurrent assets Total other assets Property and equipment: Land Buildings Equipment Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation Net property and equipment Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Income taxes payable to affiliate Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities: Deferred income taxes Other Total noncurrent liabilities Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, issued Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss - unrealized loss on marketable securities ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-4 

COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (In thousands, except per share data) 

Years ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Net sales Cost of sales Gross margin Selling, general and administrative expense Operating income Interest income Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Other comprehensive loss, marketable securities adjustment: Unrealized net loss arising during year ) Comprehensive income Basic and diluted net income per common share Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-5 

COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Years ended December 31, 2020, 2021 and 2022 (In thousands, except per share data) 

Accumulated Class A Additional other Total common paid-in Retained comprehensive Treasury stockholders stock capital earnings loss stock equity Balance at December 31, 2019 Net income Cash dividends per share) ) ) Issuance of common stock Balance at December 31, 2020 Net income Cash dividends per share) ) ) Issuance of common stock Treasury stock: Acquired ) ) Retired ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Net income Cash dividends per share) ) ) Issuance of common stock Other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock: Acquired ) ) Retired ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-6 

COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In thousands) 

Years ended December 31, 2020 2021 2022 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Other, net Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Inventories, net ) ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts with affiliates ) Prepaids and other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of fixed assets, net Purchases of marketable securities ) Note receivable from affiliate: Collections Advances ) ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Dividends paid ) ) ) Treasury stock acquired ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Cash and cash equivalents - net change from: Operating, investing and financing activities ) Balance at beginning of year Balance at end of year Supplemental disclosures - Cash paid for income taxes See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-7 

COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 owned by NL Industries, Inc. (NYSE: NL) at December 31, 2022. We manufacture and sell component products (security products and recreational marine components). At December 31, 2022, Valhi, Inc. (NYSE: VHI) owns approximately of NL s outstanding common stock and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Contran Corporation owns approximately of Valhi s outstanding common stock. A majority of Contran s outstanding voting stock is held directly by Lisa K. Simmons and various family trusts established for the benefit of Ms. Simmons, Thomas C. Connelly (the husband of Ms. Simmons late sister) and their children and for which Ms. Simmons or Mr. Connelly, as applicable, serve as trustee (collectively, the Other Trusts ). With respect to the Other Trusts for which Mr. Connelly serves as trustee, he is required to vote the shares of Contran voting stock held in such trusts in the same manner as Ms. Simmons. Such voting rights of Ms. Simmons last through April 22, 2030 and are personal to Ms. Simmons. The remainder of Contran s outstanding voting stock is held by another trust (the Family Trust ), which was established for the benefit of Ms. Simmons and her late sister and their children and for which a third-party financial institution serves as trustee. Consequently, at December 31, 2022 Ms. Simmons and the Family Trust may be deemed to control Contran, and therefore may be deemed to indirectly control the wholly-owned subsidiary of Contran, Valhi, NL and us. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to we, us, or our refer to CompX International Inc. and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole. 
 F-8 

F-9 

to for buildings and to for equipment and software. We use accelerated depreciation methods for income tax purposes, as permitted. Upon sale or retirement of an asset, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any gain or loss is recognized in income currently. Expenditures for maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are expensed; expenditures for major improvements are capitalized. We perform impairment tests when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. We consider all relevant factors. We perform the impairment test by comparing the estimated future undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset to the asset s net carrying value to determine if impairment exists. million in 2020, million in 2021 and million in 2022. 
 F-10 

million in 2020, million in 2021 and million in 2022. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the income tax and financial reporting carrying amounts of assets and liabilities. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities for each tax-paying jurisdiction in which we operate are netted and presented as either a noncurrent deferred income tax asset or liability, as applicable. We periodically evaluate our deferred tax assets in the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate and adjust any related valuation allowance based on the estimate of the amount of deferred tax assets which we believe do not meet the more-likely-than-not recognition criteria. See Notes 8 and 11. We record a reserve for uncertain tax positions for tax positions where we believe it is more-likely-than-not our position will not prevail with the applicable tax authorities. We did not have a reserve for uncertain tax positions in 2020, 2021 or 2022. reportable operating segments Security Products and Marine Components. The Security Products segment, with a facility in South Carolina and a facility shared with Marine Components in Illinois, manufactures locking mechanisms and other security products for sale to the postal, transportation, office and institutional furniture, cabinetry, tool storage, healthcare and other industries. Our Marine Components segment, with a facility in Wisconsin and a facility shared with Security Products in Illinois, manufactures and distributes wake enhancement systems, stainless steel exhaust systems, gauges, throttle controls, trim tabs and related hardware and accessories primarily for ski/wakeboard boats and performance boats. The chief operating decision maker evaluates segment performance based on segment operating income, which is defined as income before income taxes, exclusive of certain general corporate income and expense items (primarily interest income) and certain non-recurring items (such as gains or losses on the disposition of long-lived assets outside the ordinary course of business). The accounting policies of the reportable operating segments are the same as those described in Note 1. Capital expenditures include additions to property and equipment but exclude amounts attributable to business combinations. Segment assets are comprised of all assets attributable to the reportable segments. Corporate assets are not attributable to the operating segments and consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents and note receivable from affiliate. For geographic information, the point of origin (place of manufacture) for all net sales is the U.S., the point of destination for net sales is based on the location of the customer, and property and equipment are attributable to their physical location. Intersegment sales are not material. 
 F-11 

Marine Components Total net sales Operating income: Security Products Marine Components Corporate operating expenses ) ) ) Total operating income Interest income Income before income taxes Depreciation and amortization: Security Products Marine Components Corporate Total 

Capital expenditures: Security Products Marine Components Corporate Total 

Net sales point of destination: United States Canada Mexico Other Total 

December 31, 2020 2021 2022 (In thousands) Total assets: Security Products Marine Components Corporate Total Net property and equipment for 2020, 2021 and 2022 is entirely located within the United States. 
 F-12 

) Our marketable securities are invested in U.S. government treasuries with original maturities ranging in length from 4 months to 12 months. The fair value of our marketable securities are determined using Level 2 inputs (because although these securities are traded, in many cases the market is not active and the year-end valuation is generally based on the last trade of the year, which may be several days prior to December 31). Marine Components Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total accounts receivable, net Marine Components Total raw materials Work-in-process: Security Products Marine Components Total work-in-process Finished goods: Security Products Marine Components Total finished goods Total inventories, net 
 F-13 

impairment was indicated as part of such annual reviews of goodwill. As permitted by GAAP, during each of 2020, 2021 and 2022 we used the qualitative assessment of ASC 350-20-35 for our annual impairment test and determined it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Our gross goodwill at December 31, 2022 is million. Prior to 2020, we recorded a million goodwill impairment in our Marine Components segment resulting in a net consolidated carrying amount of million. There have been changes in the carrying amount of our goodwill during the past three years. Marine Components Accrued liabilities: Employee benefits Taxes other than on income Customer tooling Advances from customers Insurance Deferred revenue Other Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities are presented below. All of our pre-tax income relates to operations in the United States. Deferred income tax benefit ) ) ) Total Expected tax expense, at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of State income taxes FDII benefit ) ) ) Other, net Total provision for income taxes On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act was signed into law. Among other things, this legislation provides for a 15 corporate alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations, imposes a 1 excise tax on qualifying 
 F-14 

million in each of 2020, 2021 and 2022. See also Note 11 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. The components of the net deferred tax liability are summarized below. Property and equipment ) ) Accrued liabilities and other deductible differences Accrued employee benefits Goodwill ) ) Other taxable differences ) ) Total deferred tax liability ) ) We and Contran file income tax returns in U.S. federal and various state and local jurisdictions. Our income tax returns prior to 2019 are generally considered closed to examination by applicable tax authorities. Issued Balance at December 31, 2020 Issued Acquired ) ) Retired ) Balance at December 31, 2021 Issued Acquired ) ) Retired ) Balance at December 31, 2022 Common stock. Our authorized capital stock consists of shares of Class A common stock and shares of preferred stock. Share repurchases and cancellations. Prior to 2020, our board of directors authorized various repurchases of shares of our Class A common stock in open market transactions, including block purchases, or in privately-negotiated transactions at unspecified prices and over an unspecified period of time. We may repurchase our common stock from time to time as market conditions permit. The stock repurchase program does not include specific price targets or timetables and may be suspended at any time. Depending on market conditions, we may terminate the program prior to its completion. We will generally use cash on hand to acquire the shares. Repurchased shares will be added to our treasury and cancelled. We made treasury purchases during 2020. During 2021, we purchased shares of our Class A common stock shares in the first quarter and shares in the fourth quarter) in market transactions for approximately 
 F-15 

shares of our Class A common stock for an aggregate amount of approximately million under prior repurchase authorizations. Of these shares, shares were purchased in a market transaction, and shares were purchased from of our affiliates in separate private transactions that were also approved in advance by our independent directors. We cancelled these treasury shares and allocated their costs to common stock at par value and additional paid-in-capital. At December 31, 2022, shares were available for purchase under these authorizations. Incentive compensation plan. We have a share-based incentive compensation plan pursuant to which an aggregate of up to shares of our Class A common stock can be awarded to non-employee members of our board of directors. All of the Class A common shares we issued in 2020, 2021 and 2022 were issued under this plan. At December 31, 2022, shares were available for award under this plan. Dividends. We paid regular quarterly dividends of per share during 2020, per share during 2021 and per share during 2022. Cash dividends in 2022 also include a per share special dividend. Declaration and payment of future dividends and the amount thereof, if any, is discretionary and dependent upon our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements for our businesses, contractual requirements and restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. million. Our loan to Valhi, as amended, bears interest at prime plus , payable quarterly, with all principal due on demand, but in any event no earlier than . Loans made to Valhi at any time under the agreement are at our discretion. At the end of our fiscal year in 2021 and 2022, the outstanding principal balance receivable from Valhi under the promissory note was million and million, respectively. Interest income (including unused commitment fees) on our loan to Valhi was million in 2020, million in 2021 and million in 2022. Under the terms of an Intercorporate Service Agreement ISA with Contran, employees of Contran perform certain management, tax planning, financial, legal and administrative services for us on a fee basis. Such fees are based upon the compensation of individual Contran employees providing services for us and/or estimates of time devoted to our affairs by such persons. Because of the number of companies affiliated with Contran, we believe we benefit from cost savings and economies of scale gained by not having certain management, financial and administrative staffs duplicated at each entity, thus allowing certain individuals to provide services to multiple companies but only be compensated by one entity. We negotiate ISA fees annually and agreements renew quarterly. Fees pursuant to these agreements aggregated million in each of 2020, 2021, and 2022. 
 F-16 

million, million and million, respectively under the group insurance program, which amounts principally represent insurance premiums, including million, million and million, respectively, for policies written by Tall Pines. Amounts paid under the group insurance program also include payments to insurers or reinsurers for the reimbursement of claims within our applicable deductible or retention ranges that such insurers and reinsurers paid to third parties on our behalf, as well as amounts for claims and risk management services and various other third-party fees and expenses incurred by the program. We expect these relationships will continue in 2023. With respect to certain of such jointly-owned insurance policies, it is possible that unusually large losses incurred by one or more insureds during a given policy period could leave the other participating companies without adequate coverage under that policy for the balance of the policy period. As a result, and in the event that the available coverage under a particular policy would become exhausted by one or more claims, Contran and certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates, including us, have entered into a loss sharing agreement under which any uninsured loss arising because the available coverage had been exhausted by one or more claims will be shared ratably amongst those entities that had submitted claims under the relevant policy. We believe the benefits, in the form of reduced premiums and broader coverage associated with the group coverage for such policies, justifies the risk associated with the potential for any uninsured loss. largest customers accounted for approximately of sales in 2020, in 2021 and in 2022. customer of the Security Products segment accounted for of consolidated sales in 2020, in 2021, and in 2022. customer of the Marine Components segment accounted for of consolidated sales in 2022. 
 F-17 

Accounts receivable, net Accounts payable Due to their near-term maturities, the carrying amounts of accounts receivable and accounts payable are considered equivalent to fair value. 
 F-18 

<EX-10.5>
 2
 cik-20221231xex10d5.htm
 EX-10.5
 
 EXHIBIT A 
 Exhibit 10.5 UNSECURED REVOLVING DEMAND PROMISSORY NOTE 25,000,000.00 December 31, 2022 Section 1. Promise to Pay . For and in consideration of value received, the undersigned, Valhi, Inc. , a corporation duly organized under the laws of the state of Delaware Borrower ), promises to pay, in lawful money of the United States of America, to the order of COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC., a corporation duly organized under the laws of the state of Delaware CompX ), or the holder hereof (as applicable, CompX or such holder shall be referred to as the Noteholder ), the principal sum of TWENTY-FIVE MILLION and NO/100ths United States Dollars 25,000,000.00) or such lesser amount as shall equal the unpaid principal amount of the loan made by the Noteholder to Borrower together with accrued and unpaid interest on the unpaid principal balance from time to time pursuant to the terms of this Unsecured Revolving Demand Promissory Note, as it may be amended from time to time (this Note ). This Note shall be unsecured and will bear interest on the terms set forth in Section 7 below. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined shall have the meanings given to such terms in Section 19 of this Note. Section 2.2. Amendment and Restatement . This Note renews, replaces, amends and restates in its entirety the Unsecured Revolving Demand Promissory Note dated December 31, 2021 in the original principal amount of 30,000,000.00 payable to the order of the Noteholder and executed by the Borrower (the Prior Note ). As of the close of business on December 31, 2022, the unpaid principal balance of the Prior Note was 13,200,000.00, the accrued and unpaid interest thereon was nil and the accrued and unpaid commitment fee thereon was nil, which is the unpaid principal, accrued and unpaid interest and accrued and unpaid commitment fee owed under this Note as of the close of business on the date of this Note. This Note contains the entire understanding between the Noteholder and the Borrower with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and supersedes all other instruments, agreements and understandings between the Noteholder and the Borrower with respect to the subject matter of this Note . Section 3.2. Place of Payment . All payments will be made at Noteholder s address at Three Lincoln Centre, 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1700, Dallas, Texas 75240-2620, Attention: Treasurer, or such other place as the Noteholder may from time to time appoint in writing. Section 4. Payments . The unpaid principal balance of this Note and any accrued and unpaid interest thereon shall be due and payable on the Final Payment Date. Prior to the Final Payment Date, any accrued and unpaid interest on an unpaid principal balance shall be paid in arrears quarterly on the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing March 31, 2023. All payments on this Note shall be applied first to accrued and unpaid interest, next to accrued interest not yet payable and then to principal. If any payment of principal or interest on this Note shall become due on a day that is not a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day and the payment shall be the amount owed on the original payment date. Section 5. Prepayments . This Note may be prepaid in part or in full at any time without penalty. Section 6. Borrowings . Prior to the Final Payment Date, Noteholder expressly authorizes Borrower to borrow, repay and re-borrow principal under this Note in increments of 100,000 on a daily basis so long as: the aggregate outstanding principal balance does not exceed 25,000,000.00; and no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. Notwithstanding anything else in this Note, in no event will Noteholder be required to lend money to Borrower under this Note and loans under this Note shall be at the sole and absolute discretion of Noteholder. Section 7. Interest . The unpaid principal balance of this Note shall bear interest at the rate per annum of the Prime Rate plus one percent (1.00 ). In the event that an Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the unpaid principal amount shall bear interest from the Event of Default at the rate per annum of the Prime Rate plus four percent (4.00 until such time as the Event of Default is cured. Accrued interest on the unpaid principal of this Note shall be computed on the basis of a 365- or 366-day year for actual days (including the first, but excluding the last day) elapsed, but in no event shall such computation result in an amount of accrued interest that would exceed accrued interest on the unpaid principal balance during the same period at the Maximum Rate. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, this Note is expressly limited so that in no contingency or event whatsoever shall the amount paid or agreed to be paid to the Noteholder exceed the Maximum Rate. If, from any circumstances whatsoever, the Noteholder 
 w:\teams\team_legal\working\valhi\finance\compx loan\vhi-cix-dmnd-revolvr-prom-note-221231-fin.docx Page 1 of 5. 

 shall ever receive as interest an amount that would exceed the Maximum Rate, such amount that would be excessive interest shall be applied to the reduction of the unpaid principal balance and not to the payment of interest, and if the principal amount of this Note is paid in full, any remaining excess shall be paid to Borrower, and in such event, the Noteholder shall not be subject to any penalties provided by any laws for contracting for, charging, taking, reserving or receiving interest in excess of the highest lawful rate permissible under applicable law. All sums paid or agreed to be paid to Noteholder for the use, forbearance or detention of the indebtedness of the Borrower to Noteholder shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be amortized, prorated, allocated and spread throughout the full term of such indebtedness until payment in full of the principal (including the period of any renewal or extension thereof) so that the interest on account of such indebtedness shall not exceed the Maximum Rate. If at any time the Contract Rate is limited to the Maximum Rate, any subsequent reductions in the Contract Rate shall not reduce the rate of interest on this Note below the Maximum Rate until the total amount of interest accrued equals the amount of interest that would have accrued if the Contract Rate had not been limited by the Maximum Rate. In the event that, upon the Final Payment Date, the total amount of interest paid or accrued on this Note is less than the amount of interest that would have accrued if the Contract Rate had not been limited by the Maximum Rate, then at such time, to the extent permitted by law, in addition to the principal and any other amounts Borrower owes to the Noteholder, the Borrower shall pay to the Noteholder an amount equal to the difference between: (i) the lesser of the amount of interest that would have accrued if the Contract Rate had not been limited by the Maximum Rate or the amount of interest that would have accrued if the Maximum Rate had at all times been in effect; and (ii) the amount of interest actually paid on this Note. Section 8. Fees and Expenses . On the last day of each March, June, September and December, commencing March 31, 2023, and on the Final Payment Date, Borrower shall pay to Noteholder the Unused Commitment Fee for such period, provided , however , Borrower will not owe any Unused Commitment Fee for any part of such period (prorated as applicable) that the Noteholder is a net borrower of money from the Borrower. In addition, Borrower and any guarantor jointly and severally agree to pay on the Final Payment Date to Noteholder any other cost or expense reasonably incurred by Noteholder in connection with Noteholder s commitment to Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Note, including without limitation any other cost reasonably incurred by Noteholder pursuant to the terms of any credit facility of Noteholder. Section 9. Remedy . Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Noteholder shall have all of the rights and remedies provided in the applicable Uniform Commercial Code, this Note or any other agreement among Borrower and in favor of the Noteholder, as well as those rights and remedies provided by any other applicable law, rule or regulation. In conjunction with and in addition to the foregoing rights and remedies of the Noteholder, the Noteholder may declare all indebtedness due under this Note, although otherwise unmatured, to be due and payable immediately without notice or demand whatsoever. All rights and remedies of the Noteholder are cumulative and may be exercised singly or concurrently. The failure to exercise any right or remedy will not be a waiver of such right or remedy. Section 10. Right of Offset . The Noteholder shall have the right of offset against amounts that may be due by the Noteholder now or in the future to Borrower against amounts due under this Note. Section 11. Record of Outstanding Indebtedness . The date and amount of each repayment of principal outstanding under this Note or interest thereon shall be recorded by Noteholder in its records. The principal balance outstanding and all accrued or accruing interest owed under this Note as recorded by Noteholder in its records shall be the best evidence of the principal balance outstanding and all accrued or accruing interest owed under this Note; provided that the failure of Noteholder to so record or any error in so recording or computing any such amount owed shall not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Note to repay the principal balance outstanding and all accrued or accruing interest. Section 12. Waiver . Borrower and each surety, endorser, guarantor, and other party now or subsequently liable for payment of this Note, severally waive demand, presentment for payment, notice of nonpayment, notice of dishonor, protest, notice of protest, notice of the intention to accelerate, notice of acceleration, diligence in collecting or bringing suit against any party liable on this Note, and further agree to any and all extensions, renewals, modifications, partial payments, substitutions of evidence of indebtedness, and the taking or release of any collateral with or without notice before or after demand by the Noteholder for payment under this Note. Section 13. Costs and Attorneys Fees . In addition to any other amounts payable to Noteholder pursuant to the terms of this Note, in the event the Noteholder incurs costs in collecting on this Note, this Note is placed in the 
 w:\teams\team_legal\working\valhi\finance\compx loan\vhi-cix-dmnd-revolvr-prom-note-221231-fin.docx Page 2 of 5. 

 hands of any attorney for collection, suit is filed on this Note or if proceedings are had in bankruptcy, receivership, reorganization, or other legal or judicial proceedings for the collection of this Note, Borrower and any guarantor jointly and severally agree to pay on demand to the Noteholder all expenses and costs of collection, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with any such collection, suit, or proceeding, in addition to the principal and interest then due. Section 14. Time of Essence . Time is of the essence with respect to all of Borrower s obligations and agreements under this Note. Section 15. Jurisdiction and Venue . THIS NOTE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE DOMESTIC LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OF LAW OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE STATE OF TEXAS OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION OF THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF TEXAS. BORROWER CONSENTS TO JURISDICTION IN THE COURTS LOCATED IN DALLAS, TEXAS. Section 16. Notice . Any notice or demand required by this Note shall be deemed to have been given and received on the earlier of (i) when the notice or demand is actually received by the recipient or (ii) 72 hours after the notice is deposited in the United States mail, certified or registered, with postage prepaid, and addressed to the recipient. The address for giving notice or demand under this Note (i) to the Noteholder shall be the place of payment specified in Section 3 or such other place as the Noteholder may specify in writing to the Borrower and (ii) to Borrower shall be the address below the Borrower s signature or such other place as the Borrower may specify in writing to the Noteholder. Section 17. Amendment or Waiver of Provisions of this Note . No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Note shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in a writing referring to this Note and signed by the Borrower and the Noteholder. Such amendment or waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given. No waiver of any of the provisions of this Note shall be deemed or shall constitute a waiver of any other provisions, whether or not similar, nor shall any waiver constitute a continuing waiver. Section 18. Successors and Assigns . All of the covenants, obligations, promises and agreements contained in this Note made by Borrower shall be binding upon its successors and permitted assigns, as applicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Borrower shall not assign this Note or its performance under this Note without the prior written consent of the Noteholder. Noteholder at any time may assign this Note without the consent of Borrower. Section 19. Definitions. For purposes of this Note, the following terms shall have the following meanings: (a) Basis Point shall mean 1/100 th of 1 percent. (b) Business Day shall mean any day banks are open in the state of Texas. (c) (a) Contract Rate means the amount of any interest (including fees, charges or expenses or any other amounts that, under applicable law, are deemed interest) contracted for, charged or received by or for the account of Noteholder. (d) (b) Event of Default wherever used herein, means any one of the following events: (i) (i) the Borrower fails to pay any amount due on this Note and/or any fees or sums due under or in connection with this Note after any such payment otherwise becomes due and payable and three Business Days after demand for such payment; (ii) (ii) the Borrower otherwise fails to perform or observe any other provision contained in this Note and such breach or failure to perform shall continue for a period of thirty days after notice thereof shall have been given to the Borrower by the Noteholder; (iii) (iii) a case shall be commenced against Borrower, or Borrower shall file a petition commencing a case, under any provision of the Federal Bankruptcy Code of 1978, as amended, or 
 w:\teams\team_legal\working\valhi\finance\compx loan\vhi-cix-dmnd-revolvr-prom-note-221231-fin.docx Page 3 of 5. 

 shall seek relief under any provision of any other bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, readjustment of debt, dissolution or liquidation law of any jurisdiction, whether now or hereafter in effect, or shall consent to the filing of any petition against it under such law, or Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of its creditors, or shall admit in writing its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due, or shall consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee or liquidator of Borrower or all or any part of its property; or (iv) (iv) an event occurs that, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would become any of the foregoing Events of Default. (e) (d) Final Payment Date shall mean the earlier of : written demand by the Noteholder for payment of all or part of the unpaid principal, the accrued and unpaid interest thereon and the accrued and unpaid commitment fee thereon, but in any event no earlier than December 31, 2024; or acceleration as provided herein. (f) (c) Maximum Rate shall mean the highest lawful rate permissible under applicable law for the use, forbearance or detention of money. (g) Prime Rate shall mean the fluctuating interest rate per annum in effect from time to time equal to the base rate on corporate loans as reported as the Prime Rate in the Money Rates column of The Wall Street Journal or other reliable source. (h) Unused Commitment Amount for any period on after the date of this Note shall mean the average on each day of such period of the difference between (A) 25,000,000.00 and (B) the amount of the unpaid principal balance of this Note. (i) Unused Commitment Fee shall mean the product of (A) 50 Basis Points per annum (pro rated to take into account that the fee is payable quarterly, or such shorter period if applicable) and (B) the Unused Commitment Amount . BORROWER : Valhi, Inc. By: /s/ Amy A. Samford Amy A. Samford Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Address: 5430 LBJ Freeway, Suite 1700 Dallas, Texas 75240-2620 
 w:\teams\team_legal\working\valhi\finance\compx loan\vhi-cix-dmnd-revolvr-prom-note-221231-fin.docx Page 4 of 5. 

 As of the date hereof, CompX International Inc., as the Noteholder, hereby agrees that this Note renews, replaces, amends and restates in its entirety the Prior Note, and that the unpaid principal of 13,200,000.00, the accrued and unpaid interest thereon of nil and the accrued and unpaid commitment fee thereon of nil that was owed under the Prior Note as of the close of business on December 31, 2022 are the unpaid principal, the accrued and unpaid interest thereon and the accrued and unpaid commitment fee thereon, respectively, owed under this Note as of the close of business on the date of this Note. COMPX INTERNATIONAL INC. By: /s/ Bryan A. Hanley Bryan A. Hanley Senior Vice President and Treasurer 
 w:\teams\team_legal\working\valhi\finance\compx loan\vhi-cix-dmnd-revolvr-prom-note-221231-fin.docx Page 5 of 5. 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 cik-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 

Name of Corporation Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization of Voting Securities Held at December 31, 2022 CompX Security Products Inc. Delaware 100 CompX Marine Inc. Delaware 100 Custom Marine Inc. Delaware 100 JZTB Realty LLC Wisconsin 100 Livorsi Marine Inc. Illinois 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 cik-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-181794) of CompX International Inc. of our report dated March 1, 2023 relating to the financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K. 2 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP Dallas, Texas March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 cik-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Scott C. James, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CompX International Inc.; 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 2 

Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Scott C. James Scott C. James President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 cik-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Amy A. Samford, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CompX International Inc.; 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 13d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Amy A. Samford Amy A. Samford Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 cik-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of CompX International Inc. (the Company) on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Scott C. James, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and I, Amy A. Samford, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

By: /s/ Scott C. James Scott C. James President and Chief Executive Officer By: /s/ Amy A. Samford Amy A. Samford Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: March 1, 2023 Note: The certification the registrant furnishes in this exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. Registration Statements or other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission shall not incorporate this exhibit by reference, except as otherwise expressly stated in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cik-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cik-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cik-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cik-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cik-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

