<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_49071_0000049071-23-000011.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>18789370</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>406834</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2659092</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6654194</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4556539</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4188037</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000049071-23-000011.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216151158
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000049071-23-000011
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		125
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUMANA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000049071
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HOSPITAL & MEDICAL SERVICE PLANS [6324]
		IRS NUMBER:				610647538
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05975
		FILM NUMBER:		23638238

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 W MAIN ST
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5025801000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 W. MAIN ST
		CITY:			LOUISVILLE
		STATE:			KY
		ZIP:			40202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXTENDICARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19740404

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HERITAGE HOUSE OF AMERICA INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19671129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000049071-23-000011.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 hum-20221231.htm
 10-K

hum-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation of organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, and zip code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant as of June 30, 2022 was calculated using the average price on June 30, 2022 of 468.33 per share. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock as of January 31, 2023 was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

HUMANA INC. 
 INDEX TO ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 Page Part I Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 21 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 35 
 Item 2. Properties 
 35 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 36 
 Part II Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 37 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 40 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 72 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 74 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 130 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 130 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 131 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 131 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 132 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 133 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 133 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 134 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 134 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule 
 135 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 147 
 Signatures and Certifications 
 148 
 
 3 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 Some of the statements under Business, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this report may contain forward-looking statements which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance. These forward-looking statements are made within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and we are including this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events, trends and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the information discussed under the section entitled Risk Factors in this report. In making these statements, we are not undertaking to address or update them in future filings or communications regarding our business or results. Our business is highly complicated, regulated and competitive with many different factors affecting results. 
 
 PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 
 Headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, Humana Inc. and its subsidiaries, referred to throughout this document as we, us, our, the Company or Humana, is a leading health and well-being company committed to helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. Our successful history in care delivery and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and well being and lower costs. Our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with Medicare, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. To accomplish that, we support physicians and other health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. Our range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools, such as in home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data analytics and wellness solutions, combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate and more effective. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 17 million members in our medical benefit plans, as well as approximately 5 million members in our specialty products. During 2022, 82 of our total premiums and services revenue were derived from contracts with the federal government, including 14 derived from our individual Medicare Advantage contracts in Florida with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, under which we provide health insurance coverage to approximately 771,900 members as of December 31, 2022. 
 Humana Inc. was organized as a Delaware corporation in 1964. Our principal executive offices are located at 500 West Main Street, Louisville, Kentucky 40202, the telephone number at that address is (502) 580-1000, and our website address is www.humana.com. We have made available free of charge through the Investor Relations section of our web site our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K, or 2022 Form 10-K, contains both historical and forward-looking information. See Item 1A. Risk Factors in this 2022 Form 10-K for a description of a number of factors that may adversely affect our results or business. 

4 

Business Segments 
 During December 2022, we realigned our businesses into two distinct segments: Insurance and CenterWell. The Insurance segment includes the businesses that were previously included in the Retail and Group and Specialty segments, as well as the Pharmacy Benefit Manager, or PBM, business which was previously included in the Healthcare Services segment. The CenterWell segment (formerly Healthcare Services) represents our payor-agnostic healthcare services offerings, including pharmacy dispensing services, provider services, and home services. In addition to the new segment classifications being utilized to assess performance and allocate resources, we believe this simpler structure will create greater collaboration across the Insurance and CenterWell businesses and will accelerate work that is underway to centralize and integrate operations within the organization. Prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2022 presentation. For a recast of prior period segment financial information, refer to Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Our two reportable segments, Insurance and CenterWell, are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on well-being solutions for our health plans and other customers. These segment groupings are consistent with information used by our Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Decision Maker, to assess performance and allocate resources. For additional information on our business segments and segment financial information, refer to Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 

Our Products 
 Our medical and specialty insurance products allow members to access health care services primarily through our networks of health care providers with whom we have contracted. These products may vary in the degree to which members have coverage. Health maintenance organizations, or HMOs, include comprehensive managed care benefits generally through a participating network of physicians, hospitals, and other providers. Preferred provider organizations, or PPOs, provide members the freedom to choose any health care provider. However, PPOs generally require the member to pay a greater portion of the provider s fee in the event the member chooses not to use a provider participating in the PPO s network. Point of Service, or POS, plans combine the advantages of HMO plans with the flexibility of PPO plans. In general, POS plans allow members to choose, at the time medical services are needed, to seek care from a provider within the plan s network or outside the network. In addition, we offer services to our health plan members as well as to third parties that promote health and wellness, including pharmacy, provider services, and home solutions, as well as services and capabilities to advance population health. At the core of our strategy is our integrated care delivery model, which unites quality care, high member engagement, and sophisticated data analytics. Three core elements of the model are to improve the consumer experience by simplifying the interaction with us, engaging members in clinical programs, and offering assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service, or FFS, to a value-based arrangement. Our approach to primary, physician-directed care for our members aims to provide quality care that is consistent, integrated, cost-effective, and member-focused. The model is designed to improve health outcomes and affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering our members a simple, seamless healthcare experience. The discussion that follows describes the products offered by each of our segments. 
 
 5 

Our Insurance Segment Products 
 The Insurance segment is comprised of products serving Medicare and state-based contract beneficiaries sold on a retail basis to individuals including medical and supplemental benefit plans. This segment also includes products consisting of employer group commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits marketed to individuals and employer groups, including dental, vision and life insurance benefits, as well as administrative services only, or ASO. In addition, our Insurance segment includes our military services business as well as the operations of our PBM business. These products are described in the discussion that follows. 
 
 The following table presents our premiums and services revenue for the Insurance segment by product for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 Insurance Segment Premiums and Services Revenue Percent of Consolidated Premiums and Services Revenue (dollars in millions) Premiums: Individual Medicare Advantage 65,591 70.9 Group Medicare Advantage 7,297 7.9 Medicare stand-alone PDP 2,269 2.5 Total Medicare 75,157 81.3 Medicare Supplement 743 0.8 Commercial fully-insured 3,733 4.0 Total fully-insured 4,476 4.8 Medicaid and other 6,376 6.9 Specialty 1,703 1.8 Total premiums 87,712 94.8 Services 850 0.9 Total premiums and services revenue 88,562 95.8 
 
 Medicare 
 We have participated in the Medicare program for private health plans for over 30 years and have established a national presence, offering at least one type of Medicare plan in all 50 states. We have a geographically diverse membership base that we believe provides us with greater ability to expand our network of PPO and HMO providers. We employ strategies including health assessments and clinical guidance programs such as lifestyle and fitness programs for seniors to guide Medicare beneficiaries in making cost-effective decisions with respect to their health care. We believe these strategies result in cost savings that occur from making positive behavior changes. 
 Medicare is a federal program that provides persons age 65 and over and some disabled persons under the age of 65 certain hospital and medical insurance benefits. CMS, an agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, administers the Medicare program. Hospitalization benefits are provided under Part A, without the payment of any premium, for up to 90 days per incident of illness plus a lifetime reserve aggregating 60 days. Eligible beneficiaries are required to pay an annually adjusted premium to the federal government to be eligible for physician care and other services under Part B. Beneficiaries eligible for Part A and Part B coverage under traditional fee-for-service Medicare are still required to pay out-of-pocket deductibles and coinsurance. Throughout this document this program is referred to as Medicare FFS. As an alternative to Medicare FFS, in geographic areas where a managed care organization has contracted with CMS pursuant to the Medicare Advantage program, Medicare beneficiaries may choose to receive benefits from a Medicare Advantage organization under Medicare Part C. Pursuant to Medicare Part C, Medicare Advantage organizations contract with CMS to offer Medicare Advantage plans to provide benefits at least comparable to those offered under Medicare FFS. Our Medicare 
 6 

Advantage, or MA, plans are discussed in the following sections. Prescription drug benefits are provided under Part D. 
 Individual Medicare Advantage Products 
 We contract with CMS under the Medicare Advantage program to provide a comprehensive array of health insurance benefits, including wellness programs, chronic care management, and care coordination, to Medicare eligible persons under HMO, PPO, Private Fee-For-Service, or PFFS, and Special Needs Plans, including Dual Eligible Special Needs, or D-SNP, plans in exchange for contractual payments received from CMS, usually a fixed payment per member per month. With each of these products, the beneficiary receives benefits in excess of Medicare FFS, typically including reduced cost sharing, enhanced prescription drug benefits, care coordination, data analysis techniques to help identify member needs, complex case management, tools to guide members in their health care decisions, care management programs, wellness and prevention programs and, in some instances, a reduced monthly Part B premium. Most Medicare Advantage plans offer the prescription drug benefit under Part D as part of the basic plan, subject to cost sharing and other limitations. Accordingly, all of the provisions of the Medicare Part D program described in connection with our stand-alone prescription drug plans in the following section also are applicable to most of our Medicare Advantage plans. Medicare Advantage plans may charge beneficiaries monthly premiums and other copayments for Medicare-covered services or for certain extra benefits. Generally, Medicare-eligible individuals enroll in one of our plan choices between October 15 and December 7 for coverage that begins on the following January 1. 
 Our Medicare HMO and PPO plans, which cover Medicare-eligible individuals residing in certain counties, may eliminate or reduce coinsurance or the level of deductibles on many other medical services while seeking care from participating in-network providers or in emergency situations. Except in emergency situations or as specified by the plan, most HMO plans provide no out-of-network benefits. PPO plans carry an out-of network benefit that is subject to higher member cost-sharing. In some cases, these beneficiaries are required to pay a monthly premium to the HMO or PPO plan in addition to the monthly Part B premium they are required to pay the Medicare program. 
 Most of our Medicare PFFS plans are network-based products with in and out of network benefits due to a requirement that Medicare Advantage organizations establish adequate provider networks, except in geographic areas that CMS determines have fewer than two network-based Medicare Advantage plans. In these areas, we offer Medicare PFFS plans that have no preferred network. Individuals in these plans pay us a monthly premium to receive typical Medicare Advantage benefits along with the freedom to choose any health care provider that accepts individuals at rates equivalent to Medicare FFS payment rates. 
 CMS uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans according to health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (FFS) program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. For additional information, refer to Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K. 
 7 

At December 31, 2022, we provided health insurance coverage under CMS contracts to approximately 4,565,600 individual Medicare Advantage members, including approximately 771,900 members in Florida. These Florida contracts accounted for premiums revenue of approximately 13.2 billion, which represented approximately 20 of our individual Medicare Advantage premiums revenue, or 14 of our consolidated premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Our individual Medicare Advantage products covered under Medicare Advantage contracts with CMS are renewed generally for a calendar year term unless CMS notifies us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the calendar year in which the contract would end, or we notify CMS of our decision not to renew by the first Monday in June of the calendar year in which the contract would end. All material contracts between Humana and CMS relating to our Medicare Advantage products have been renewed for 2023, and all of our product offerings filed with CMS for 2023 have been approved. 
 Individual Medicare Stand-Alone Prescription Drug Products 
 We offer stand-alone prescription drug plans, or PDPs, under Medicare Part D, including a PDP offering co-branded with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., or the Humana-Walmart plan. Generally, Medicare-eligible individuals enroll in one of our plan choices between October 15 and December 7 for coverage that begins on the following January 1. Our stand-alone PDP offerings consist of plans offering basic coverage with benefits mandated by Congress, as well as plans providing enhanced coverage with varying degrees of out-of-pocket costs for premiums, deductibles, and co-insurance. Our revenues from CMS and the beneficiary are determined from our PDP bids submitted annually to CMS. These revenues also reflect the health status of the beneficiary and risk sharing provisions as more fully described in Note 2 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, titled Medicare Part D. Our stand-alone PDP contracts with CMS are renewed generally for a calendar year term unless CMS notifies us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the calendar year in which the contract would end, or we notify CMS of our decision not to renew by the first Monday in June of the calendar year in which the contract would end. All material contracts between Humana and CMS relating to our Medicare stand-alone PDP products have been renewed for 2023, and all of our product offerings filed with CMS for 2023 have been approved. 
 We have administered CMS s Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition, or LI-NET, prescription drug plan program since 2010. This program allows individuals who receive Medicare s low-income subsidy to also receive immediate prescription drug coverage at the point of sale if they are not already enrolled in a Medicare Part D plan. CMS temporarily enrolls newly identified individuals with both Medicare and Medicaid into the LI-NET prescription drug plan program, and subsequently transitions each member into a Medicare Part D plan that may or may not be a Humana Medicare plan. 
 Group Medicare Advantage and Medicare Stand-Alone PDP 
 We offer products that enable employers that provide post-retirement health care benefits to replace Medicare wrap or Medicare supplement products with Medicare Advantage or stand-alone PDPs from Humana. These products are primarily offered as PPO plans on the same Medicare platform as individual Medicare Advantage plans. These plans offer the same types of benefits and services available to members in our individual Medicare plans discussed previously, however, group Medicare Advantage plans typically have richer benefit offerings than individual Medicare Advantage plans, including prescription drug coverage in the gap, for instance, due to the desire of many customers to closely match their pre-retirement benefit structure. 
 
 Medicare Supplement 
 We also offer Medicare supplement products that help pay the medical expenses that Medicare FFS does not cover, such as copayments, coinsurance and deductibles. 
 8 

State-based Medicaid Contracts 
 Through our state-based contracts, we serve members enrolled in Medicaid, a program funded by both the federal and state governments and administered by states to care for their most vulnerable populations. Within federal guidelines, states determine whom to cover, but general categories for traditional Medicaid programs include: children and parents receiving assistance through Temporary Assistance to Needy Families (TANF); Aged, Blind, and Disabled (ABD) individuals; and Medicaid Expansion adults. Through Medicaid Managed Long-Term Support Services (MLTSS) programs, states offer programs to deliver support services to people who receive home and community or institution-based services for long-term care. 
 We have contracts in multiple states to serve Medicaid-eligible members, including Florida, Kentucky, Louisiana, Ohio, South Carolina and Wisconsin. The Louisiana contract was effective January 1, 2023. 
 We also serve members who qualify for both Medicaid and Medicare, referred to as "dual eligible", through our Medicaid, Medicare Advantage, and stand-alone prescription drug plans. As the dual eligible population represents a disproportionate share of costs, Humana is participating in varied integration models designed to improve health outcomes and reduce avoidable costs. These programs largely operate separately from traditional Medicaid programs. We currently serve dual eligible members under CMS s dual eligible demonstration program in Illinois. 
 As part of our individual Medicare Advantage products, we also offer Dual-Eligible Special Needs Plans (D-SNP). In connection with offering a D-SNP in a particular state, we are required to enter into a special coordinating contract with the applicable state Medicaid agency. To meet federal requirements that took effect in 2021, states have begun to implement new D-SNP requirements to strengthen Medicaid-Medicare integration requirements for D-SNPs. Some states are also moving to support the dual eligible population by linking D-SNP participation to enrollment in a plan that also participates in a state-based Medicaid program to coordinate and integrate both Medicare and Medicaid benefits. 
 
 Group Commercial Coverage 
 
 Our commercial products sold to employer groups include a broad spectrum of major medical benefits with multiple in-network coinsurance levels and annual deductible choices that employers of all sizes can offer to their employees on either a fully-insured, through HMO, PPO, or POS plans, or self-funded basis. Our plans integrate clinical programs, plan designs, communication tools, and spending accounts. 
 
 Our ASO products are offered to small group and large group employers who self-insure their employee health plans. We receive fees to provide administrative services which generally include the processing of claims, offering access to our provider networks and clinical programs, and responding to customer service inquiries from members of self-funded employers. These products may include all of the same benefit and product design characteristics of our fully-insured HMO, PPO, or POS products described previously. Under ASO contracts, self-funded employers generally retain the risk of financing the costs of health benefits, with large group customers retaining a greater share and small group customers a smaller share of the cost of health benefits. All small group ASO customers and many large group ASO customers purchase stop loss insurance coverage from us to cover catastrophic claims or to limit aggregate annual costs. 
 Employers can customize their offerings with optional benefits such as dental, vision, and life products. We also offer optional benefits such as dental and vision to individuals. 
 Military Services 
 Under our TRICARE contracts with the United States Department of Defense, or DoD, we provide administrative services to arrange health care services for the dependents of active duty military personnel and for retired military personnel and their dependents. We have participated in the TRICARE program since 1996 under contracts with the DoD. Under our contracts, we provide administrative services while the federal government retains all of the risk of the cost of health benefits. Accordingly, we account for revenues under the current contract net of estimated health care costs similar to an administrative services fee only agreement. 
 9 

On January 1, 2018, we began to deliver services under the T2017 East Region contract. The T2017 East Region contract comprises 32 states and approximately 6 million TRICARE beneficiaries. The T2017 East Region contract, which was originally set to expire on December 31, 2022, was subsequently extended by the DoD and is currently scheduled to expire on December 31, 2023, unless further extended. 
 
 In December 2022, we were awarded the next generation of TRICARE Managed Care Support Contracts, or T-5, for the TRICARE East Region by the Defense Health Agency of the DoD. The contract is expected to go into effect in 2024. Until then the T2017 contract remains in place. Under the terms of the award, our service area covers approximately 4.6 million beneficiaries in a region consisting of 24 states and Washington, D.C. The length of the contract is one base year with eight annual option periods, which, if all options are exercised, would result in a total contract length of nine years. 

Our CenterWell Segment Products 
 The products offered by our CenterWell segment are key to our integrated care delivery model. This segment includes our pharmacy, provider services, and home solutions operations. The CenterWell segment also includes our strategic partnerships with Welsh, Carson, Anderson Stowe, or WCAS, to develop and operate senior-focused, payor-agnostic, primary care centers, as well as our minority ownership interest in hospice operations. Services offered by this segment are designed to enhance the overall healthcare experience. These services may lead to lower utilization associated with improved member health and/or lower drug costs. For information on our intersegment revenues, refer to Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 The following table presents our services revenue for the CenterWell segment by line of business for the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 CenterWell Segment Services Revenue Percent of Consolidated Premiums and Services Revenue (dollars in millions) Intersegment revenues: Home solutions 553 n/a Pharmacy 9,841 n/a Provider services 2,979 n/a Total intersegment revenues 13,373 External services revenue: Home solutions 2,333 2.5 Pharmacy 1,025 1.1 Provider services 568 0.6 Total external services revenue 3,926 4.2 
 n/a not applicable 
 Pharmacy 
 Our pharmacy business includes the operations of CenterWell Pharmacy (our mail-order pharmacy business), CenterWell Specialty Pharmacy, and other retail pharmacies located within CenterWell Primary Care clinics for brand, generic, specialty drugs, over the counter medications and supplies, and hospice pharmacy drugs. 
 
 Provider Services 
 We operate full-service, value-based senior focused primary care centers in a number of states, including Georgia, Florida, Kansas, Louisiana, Missouri, Nevada, North Carolina, South Carolina, Texas, Arizona and 
 10 

Kentucky staffed by primary care providers and medical specialists with a primary focus on the senior population under our Primary Care Organization, or PCO. PCO operates these clinics primarily under the Conviva Care Centers and CenterWell Senior Primary Care brands. Our primary care subsidiaries operate our medical center business through both employed physicians and care providers, and through third party management service organizations with whom we contract to arrange for and manage certain clinical services. PCO currently operates 235 primary care clinics and employs approximately 670 primary care providers. PCO serves approximately 247,900 patients, primarily under risk sharing arrangements with Humana Medicare Advantage health plans, third party Medicare Advantage health plans and CMS administered risk sharing arrangements for Medicare FFS. 
 
 PCO also operates a Medical Services Organization, or MSO, through Conviva that coordinates medical care for Medicare Advantage beneficiaries in Florida and Texas. This MSO provides resources in care coordination, financial risk management, clinical integration and patient engagement that help physicians improve the patient experience as well as care outcomes. Conviva s MSO collaborates with physicians, medical groups and integrated delivery systems to successfully transition to value-based care by engaging, partnering and offering practical services and solutions. 
 
 In 2020, our Primary Care Organization entered into a strategic partnership with Welsh, Carson, Anderson Stowe, or WCAS, to accelerate the expansion of our primary care model. In May 2022, we established a second strategic partnership with WCAS to develop additional centers between 2023 and 2025. As of December 31, 2022, there were 50 primary care clinics operating under the partnership and we intend to open approximately 100 additional primary care clinics in future periods under the existing arrangements. For additional information, refer to Note 4 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Home Solutions 
 CenterWell Home Health 
 We are actively involved in the care management of our customers with the greatest needs via in-home care. On August 17, 2021, we fully acquired Kindred at Home, or KAH, the nation s largest home health and hospice provider with locations in 40 states, providing extensive geographic coverage with approximately 65 overlap with our individual Medicare Advantage membership. Our home solutions geographic scale and clinical breadth provides the opportunity to offer care beyond our health plan members. We have fully-integrated the home health operations, now branded CenterWell Home Health, allowing us to accelerate clinical innovation and the development and roll out of a value-based operating model at scale, more closely aligning incentives to focus on improving patient outcomes and reducing the total cost of care. This is critical to deploying a value-based, advanced home health model at scale that makes it easier for patients and providers to benefit from our full continuum of home-based capabilities, leveraging the best channel to deliver the right care needed at the right time. 
 Onehome 
 Onehome serves as the convener for the value-based model meeting the needs of health plans by serving their members through a full-risk model for integrated home-based services. Onehome manages a full range of post-acute patient needs, integrating and coordinating with physicians, hospitals and health plans for the provision of home health and infusion services as well as the distribution of durable medical equipment, or DME, at patients homes. Onehome served 15 of our MA members with our value-based model as of December 31, 2022. 
 Hospice 
 Hospice care is an important offering in the full continuum of care we offer patients, and we have been successful in delivering the desired patient experience and outcomes through partnership models, including through participation in the CMS hospice Value-Based Insurance Design, or VBID, model. As such, on August 11, 2022, we completed the sale of a 60 i nterest in Humana s Kindred at Home Hospice subsidiary, or KAH Hospice, to Clayton, Dubilier Rice, or CD R . Upon closing, KAH Hospice was restructured into a new stand-alone company. We continue to own a 40 minority ownership in hospice operations. For additional information on the 
 11 

sale of KAH Hospice, refer to Note 3 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 

Membership 
 The following table summarizes total medical membership (in thousands) at December 31, 2022, by market and product: 
 Insurance Individual Medicare Advantage Group Medicare Advantage Medicare stand- alone PDP Medicare Supplement State- based contracts and Other Fully- insured commercial Group ASO Military services Total Percent of Total Florida 771.9 7.3 158.3 17.3 835.0 105.2 32.2 1,927.2 11.30 Kentucky 112.8 75.2 169.5 9.3 172.9 73.7 145.8 759.2 4.40 Texas 366.5 4.3 239.5 26.8 2.0 78.8 40.8 758.7 4.40 California 103.7 1.4 401.3 17.7 4.0 528.1 3.10 Georgia 278.4 2.8 94.7 9.0 64.4 72.3 521.6 3.10 North Carolina 217.7 163.8 115.3 6.2 503.0 2.90 Ohio 176.0 18.8 104.3 34.1 24.2 23.9 381.3 2.20 Tennessee 184.4 7.5 88.5 7.9 36.1 29.6 15.5 369.5 2.20 Illinois 157.4 30.4 126.8 6.8 17.1 16.3 2.5 357.3 2.10 Missouri/Kansas 109.9 7.4 150.9 10.9 23.0 22.7 324.8 1.90 Louisiana 211.3 14.5 50.5 4.1 22.9 18.1 321.4 1.90 Wisconsin 69.0 6.9 74.7 7.2 45.1 39.8 23.9 266.6 1.60 Indiana 122.2 11.2 86.4 12.7 12.5 7.9 252.9 1.50 Virginia 140.7 3.2 100.6 6.5 251.0 1.50 New York 107.5 10.7 120.4 8.3 1.1 248.0 1.50 Michigan 113.9 27.9 87.6 4.6 0.7 1.7 236.4 1.40 Alabama 93.3 86.1 47.6 4.1 231.1 1.40 South Carolina 154.7 0.4 49.1 6.3 17.5 228.0 1.30 Pennsylvania 87.7 4.5 116.1 5.4 213.7 1.30 Arizona 118.8 0.4 70.9 8.2 9.7 5.1 213.1 1.20 Military services 5,959.9 5,959.9 34.90 Others 867.8 80.4 1,098.3 100.2 6.5 55.5 17.7 2,226.4 12.90 Totals 4,565.6 565.1 3,551.3 313.6 1,137.3 556.3 430.1 5,959.9 17,079.2 100.0 
 
 Provider Arrangements 
 We provide our members with access to health care services through our networks of health care providers whom we employ or with whom we have contracted, including hospitals and other independent facilities such as outpatient surgery centers, primary care providers, specialist physicians, dentists, and providers of ancillary health care services and facilities. These ancillary services and facilities include laboratories, ambulance services, medical equipment services, home health agencies, mental health providers, rehabilitation facilities, nursing homes, optical services, and pharmacies. Our membership base and the ability to influence where our members seek care generally enable us to obtain contractual discounts with providers. 
 We use a variety of techniques to provide access to effective and efficient use of health care services for our members. These techniques include the coordination of care for our members, product and benefit designs, hospital inpatient management systems, the use of sophisticated analytics, and enrolling members into various care management programs. The focal point for health care services in many of our HMO networks is the primary care provider who, under contract with us, provides services to our members, and may control utilization of appropriate services by directing or approving hospitalization and referrals to specialists and other providers. Some physicians may have arrangements under which they can earn bonuses when certain target goals relating to the provision of quality patient care are met. We have available care management programs related to complex chronic conditions 
 12 

such as congestive heart failure and coronary artery disease. We also have programs for prenatal and premature infant care, asthma related illness, end stage renal disease, diabetes, cancer, and certain other conditions. 
 We typically contract with hospitals on either (1) a per diem rate, which is an all-inclusive rate per day, (2) a case rate for diagnosis-related groups (DRG), which is an all-inclusive rate per admission, or (3) a discounted charge for inpatient hospital services. Outpatient hospital services generally are contracted at a flat rate by type of service, ambulatory payment classifications, or APCs, or at a discounted charge. APCs are similar to flat rates except multiple services and procedures may be aggregated into one fixed payment. These contracts are often multi-year agreements, with rates that are adjusted for inflation annually based on the consumer price index, other nationally recognized inflation indexes, or specific negotiations with the provider. Outpatient surgery centers and other ancillary providers typically are contracted at flat rates per service provided or are reimbursed based upon a nationally recognized fee schedule such as the Medicare allowable fee schedule. 
 Our contracts with physicians typically are renewed automatically each year, unless either party gives written notice, generally ranging from 90 to 120 days, to the other party of its intent to terminate the arrangement. Most of the physicians in our PPO networks and some of our physicians in our HMO networks are reimbursed based upon a fixed fee schedule, which typically provides for reimbursement based upon a percentage of the standard Medicare allowable fee schedule. 
 The terms of our contracts with hospitals and physicians may also vary between Medicare and commercial business. A significant portion of our Medicare network contracts, including those with both hospitals and physicians, are tied to Medicare reimbursement levels and methodologies. 

Capitation 
 We offer providers a continuum of opportunities to increase the integration of care and offer assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service to a value-based arrangement. These include performance bonuses, shared savings and shared risk relationships. For some of our medical membership, we share risk with providers under capitation contracts where physicians and hospitals accept varying levels of financial risk for a defined set of membership, primarily HMO membership. Under the typical capitation arrangement, we prepay these providers a monthly fixed-fee per member, known as a capitation (per capita) payment, to cover all or a defined portion of the benefits provided to the capitated member. 
 We believe these value-based arrangements represent a key element of our integrated care delivery model at the core of our strategy. Our health plan subsidiaries may enter into these value-based arrangements with third party providers or our owned provider subsidiaries. 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 1,850,500 members, or 10.8 of our medical membership, were covered under shared risk value-based arrangements, which provide all member benefits, including 1,563,700 individual Medicare Advantage members, or 34.2 of our total individual Medicare Advantage membership. 
 Physicians under capitation arrangements typically have stop loss coverage so that a physician s financial risk for any single member is limited to a maximum amount on an annual basis. We typically process all claims and measure the financial performance of our capitated providers and require guarantees in certain instances. However, we delegated claim processing functions under capitation arrangements covering approximately 250,900 HMO members, including 246,100 individual Medicare Advantage members, or 15.7 of the 1,563,700 individual Medicare Advantage members covered under value-based contracts at December 31, 2022, with the provider assuming substantially all the risk of coordinating the members health care benefits. Capitation expense under delegated arrangements for which we have a limited view of the underlying claims experience was approximately 3.0 billion, or 3.9 of total benefits expense, for the year ended December 31, 2022. We remain financially responsible for health care services to our members in the event our providers fail to provide such services. 
 
 13 

Accreditation Assessment 
 Our accreditation assessment program consists of several internal programs, including those that credential providers and those designed to meet the audit standards of federal and state agencies as well as external accreditation standards. We also offer quality and outcome measurement and improvement programs such as the Health Care Effectiveness Data and Information Set, or HEDIS, which is used by employers, government purchasers and the National Committee for Quality Assurance (NCQA) to evaluate health plans based on various criteria, including effectiveness of care and member satisfaction. 
 Providers participating in our networks must satisfy specific criteria, including licensing, patient access, office standards, after-hours coverage, and other factors. Most participating hospitals also meet accreditation criteria established by CMS and/or The Joint Commission. 
 Recredentialing of participating providers occurs every three years, unless otherwise required by state or federal regulations. Recredentialing of participating providers includes verification of their medical licenses, review of their malpractice liability claims histories, review of their board certifications, if applicable, and review of applicable quality information. A committee composed of a peer group of providers reviews the applications of providers being considered for credentialing and recredentialing. 
 We maintain accreditation for certain of our health plans and/or departments from NCQA, the Accreditation Association for Ambulatory Health Care (AAAHC), and/or URAC. Certain commercial businesses, such as those impacted by a third-party labor agreement or those where a request is made by the employer, may require or prefer accredited health plans. 
 NCQA reviews our compliance based on standards for quality improvement, population health management, credentialing, utilization management, network management, and member experience. We have achieved and maintained NCQA accreditation in many of our commercial, Medicare and Medicaid markets for HMO, POS, and PPO products, and our wellness program, Go365. Humana s pharmacy organization is accredited by URAC. 

Sales and Marketing 
 We use various methods to market our products, including television, radio, the Internet, telemarketing, and direct mailings. 
 At December 31, 2022, we employed approximately 1,400 sales representatives, as well as approximately 1,900 telemarketing representatives who assisted in the marketing of Medicare products, including Medicare Advantage and PDP, and specialty products in our Insurance segment, including making appointments for sales representatives with prospective members. We have a marketing arrangement with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., or Wal-Mart, for our individual Medicare stand-alone PDP offering. We also sell group Medicare Advantage products through large employers. In addition, we market our Medicare and individual specialty products through licensed independent brokers and agents. For our Medicare products, commissions paid to employed sales representatives and independent brokers and agents are based on a per unit commission structure, regulated in structure and amount by CMS. For our individual specialty products, we generally pay brokers a commission based on premiums, with commissions varying by market and premium volume. In addition to a commission based directly on premium volume for sales to particular customers, we also have programs that pay brokers and agents based on other metrics. These include commission bonuses based on sales that attain certain levels or involve particular products. We also pay additional commissions based on aggregate volumes of sales involving multiple customers. 
 In our Insurance segment, individuals may become members of our commercial HMOs and PPOs through their employers or other groups, which typically offer employees or members a selection of health insurance products, pay for all or part of the premiums, and make payroll deductions for any premiums payable by the employees. We attempt to become an employer s or group s exclusive source of health insurance benefits by offering a variety of HMO, PPO, and specialty products that provide cost-effective quality health care coverage consistent with the needs and expectations of their employees or members. We use licensed independent brokers, independent agents, digital insurance agencies, and employees to sell our group products. Many of our larger employer group customers are 
 14 

represented by insurance brokers and consultants who assist these groups in the design and purchase of health care products. We pay brokers and agents using the same commission structure described above for our specialty products. 

Underwriting 
 Since 2014, the Patient Protection and Affordability Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law, requires certain group health plans to guarantee issuance and renew coverage without pre-existing condition exclusions or health-status rating adjustments. Accordingly, certain group health plans are not subject to underwriting. Further, underwriting techniques are not employed in connection with our individual Medicare, military services, or Medicaid products because government regulations require us to accept all eligible applicants regardless of their health or medical history. 

Competition 
 The health benefits industry is highly competitive. Our competitors vary by local market and include other managed care companies, national insurance companies, and other HMOs and PPOs. Many of our competitors have a larger membership base and/or greater financial resources than our health plans in the markets in which we compete. Our ability to sell our products and to retain customers may be influenced by such factors as those described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in this 2022 Form 10-K. 

Government Regulation 
 Diverse legislative and regulatory initiatives at both the federal and state levels continue to affect aspects of the nation s health care system, including the Health Care Reform Law at the federal level and laws in certain states limiting the entry of new providers or services though a certificate of need, or CON, process. 
 Our management works proactively to ensure compliance with all governmental laws and regulations affecting our business. We are unable to predict how existing federal or state laws and regulations may be changed or interpreted, what additional laws or regulations affecting our businesses may be enacted or proposed, when and which of the proposed laws will be adopted or what effect any such new laws and regulations will have on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 For a description of certain material current activities in the federal and state legislative areas, see Item 1A. Risk Factors in this 2022 Form 10-K. 

Certain Other Services 
 Captive Insurance Company 
 We bear general business risks associated with operating our Company such as professional and general liability, employee workers compensation, cybersecurity, and officer and director errors and omissions risks. Professional and general liability risks may include, for example, medical malpractice claims and disputes with members regarding benefit coverage. We retain certain of these risks through our wholly-owned, captive insurance subsidiary. We reduce exposure to these risks by insuring levels of coverage for losses in excess of our retained limits with a number of third-party insurance companies. We remain liable in the event these insurance companies are unable to pay their portion of the losses. 
 Centralized Intercompany Services 
 We provide centralized intercompany services to each of our health plans and to our business segments from our headquarters and service centers. These services include management information systems, product development and administration, finance, human resources, accounting, law, public relations, marketing, insurance, purchasing, risk management, internal audit, actuarial, underwriting, claims processing, billing/enrollment, and customer service. 
 15 

Through intercompany service agreements approved, if required, by state regulatory authorities, Humana Inc., our parent company, charges a services fee for reimbursement of certain centralized services provided to its subsidiaries to the extent that Humana Inc. is the service provider. 

Human Capital Management 
 Our associates are essential to our success in delivering on our core strategy, and creating positive healthcare experiences for our members. We are committed to recruiting, developing, and retaining strong, diverse teams, actively promoting a culture of inclusion and diversity. As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 67,100 associates. 
 Our Culture 
 We believe that our members experience is linked to our associates experience and that engaged, productive associates are the key to building a healthy company and a caring environment where our associates go above and beyond for our members, driving innovation, and offering fulfilling experiences that incentivizes them to stay with us over the long-term. We provide opportunities for our associates to add to their personal well-being experiences that go beyond health to enhance their individual need for purpose, belonging and security. We regularly measure our success and opportunities to advance engagement through methods like a third-party administered Associate Experience Survey and continuous listening campaigns. Continuous listening involves our proactive solicitation, analysis and response to associate feedback. Pulse surveys are sent to associates throughout the year to get feedback on how we re doing, allowing us to assess our approach to work and act when needed. We believe this helps to strengthen our culture and support associate engagement. We also provide survey results to our entire associate population and encourage leaders to use the information to create open, honest action plans with their teams to build upon and further deepen our collective engagement. 
 Our culture is further strengthened by optimizing the well-being and effectiveness of our workforce. Through alternative work styles, we help associates work more productively, communicate more easily and collaborate more freely. Alternate work styles enable associates to work from a job-appropriate location of their choice for all or some portion of their work schedule and to create a work schedule that better fits the diverse demands of today s work environment. When managed effectively, alternative work styles can enhance a company s employment brand, foster the development and effective delivery of innovative and diverse business solutions, right-size a company s energy-consumption footprint, and increase associate engagement and well-being. 
 Similar to many companies, we experienced lower engagement and higher turnover in 2022 and 2021 than in prior years. Our associate voluntary turnover rate, or VTR, for 2022 was 17.0 , up from 15.1 in 2021. However, associate engagement and well-being rates remained higher than average, despite challenges posed by the Great Resignation, COVID-19 and workforce optimization efforts to fulfill our commitment to execute on our value creation initiative to allow for increased investment in our Medicare Advantage benefits and healthcare services capabilities. 
 Inclusion and Diversity 
 Our Office of Inclusion Diversity, or I D Office, efforts are led by our Chief Inclusion and Diversity Officer, who reports directly to the Chief Administrative Officer. The I D Office connects to business groups across the enterprise to cultivate a diverse and inclusive culture that is representative of the communities we serve. By prioritizing I D across our business, we enable associates to bring their whole selves to work, while also driving the innovation and insights needed to better serve our diverse members and communities. We strive to accelerate our culture of inclusion to build deep relationships and create simple, personalized experiences for all of our stakeholders. 
 To help integrate inclusion and diversity into the fabric of the organization from the top down, the Executive Inclusion Diversity Council is led by our President and CEO, with top priorities consisting of (i) leading and informing the strategy to drive the hiring, development, promotion and retention of our full diverse workforce; (ii) creating and maintaining an inclusive culture; (iii) reviewing our supply base and spend for diversification 
 16 

opportunities; and (iv) improving transparency and accountability to sustain outcomes. We are committed to having balanced diversity at all levels and have developed a pathway for diverse talent within our recruiting initiatives. We ve also incorporated balanced interview panels into our interview process, through which we strategically engage a broad spectrum of interviewers that bring greater diversity and perspective. This proven best practice strengthens the candidate experience and hiring of diverse talent, ensuring we get the right talent for any given role, and minimizes the potential for personal blind spots when evaluating candidates. 
 
 Our inclusion and diversity objectives also aim to build an awareness of biases and beliefs, identify differences and similarities of our multi-generational workforce and enable associates to leverage differences to drive innovation and create value. We are committed to growing our associates inclusion skills and diversity knowledge and provide a variety of associate training programs and workshop opportunities in areas of unconscious bias, disability awareness, cultural competency, racial equity, and social justice, among others. It is also our fundamental belief that every person has the right to a safe workplace. This includes having freedom of gender identity and expression, which we have included within our non-discrimination and anti-harassment policies. 
 
 Our associates vast experiences and perceptions, unique characteristics, backgrounds and beliefs, drive the groundbreaking, strategic thinking that gives our Company its competitive edge in a diverse marketplace. Our approach fosters innovative thinking and creativity, expands insights and generates better business outcomes. 
 Pay and Benefits Philosophy, Compensation and Financial Security 
 We believe all of our associates have the right to receive a fair living wage and we are committed to maintaining a pay and benefits philosophy that is market-based and recognizes an associate s contributions so that we can attract and retain an engaged, talented team. Our Company s pay and benefits structure is designed to motivate, incentivize and reward our associates - at all levels of the organization - for their skill development, demonstration of our values and performance. While our programs vary by location, associate type and business, they generally include: 
 Financial 
 Health 
 Life 
 Competitive Base Pay 
 Medical, Dental and Vision Benefits 
 Paid Time Off, Paid Holidays, Paid Volunteer Time Off and Jury Duty Pay 
 Associate Incentive Plan (Annual Bonus) 
 Supplemental Health Benefits 
 Adoption Assistance 
 Supplemental Pay (Including Overtime) 
 Long-term Care Insurance 
 Paid Parental Leave Program (6 weeks) 
 Recognition Pay and Service Awards 
 Wellness and Rewards Program 
 Paid Caregiver Time Off Program (2 weeks) 
 401(k) Retirement Savings Plan with Company Match Program 
 Health Plan Incentives 
 Employee Assistance Program 
 Life Insurance 
 On-site Health and Fitness Centers 
 Associate Discount Programs and Services 
 Short- and Long-Term Disability Insurance 
 On-site Health Screenings and Vaccinations 
 Helping Hands Program 
 Tuition Assistance Program Transit Services 

17 

Talent Development and Growth Opportunities 
 We champion the individual goals and development of our associates, and provide a number of programs and resources to support their efforts. We provide opportunities for our associates to earn professional certifications through continued education programs and to participate in instructor-led and online courses designed to strengthen soft and hard-skills and enhance leadership development. Our Career Cultivation team sponsors workshops and events to promote associate accountability within their personal and professional growth as part of overall career development. Our associates are also encouraged to participate in mentoring programs with people of various backgrounds and cultures. We view mentoring as an essential development tool for sharing skills and knowledge so we can all succeed. Our commitment to mentoring feeds the successful future of our Company. Additionally, we utilize development programs to enhance talent within our organizations through targeted internal initiatives, where we aim to upskill and reskill existing associates for opportunities in new career pathways. 
 Additional information related to our human capital can be found by referencing our Definitive Proxy Statement of the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023 appearing under the caption "Human Capital Management." 
 
 18 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 Set forth below are names and ages of all of our current executive officers as of February 1, 2023, their positions, and the date first elected as an executive officer : 
 Name Age Position First Elected Officer Bruce D. Broussard 60 President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 12/11 (1) Vishal Agrawal, M.D. 48 Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer 12/18 (2) Andrew C. Agwunobi, M.D. 57 Segment President, Home Solutions 02/22 (3) Samir M. Deshpande 58 Chief Information Officer 07/17 (4) Susan M. Diamond 49 Chief Financial Officer 07/19 (5) John-Paul W. Felter 39 Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller 08/22 (6) William K. Fleming, PharmD 55 Segment President, Pharmacy Solutions Chief Corporate Affairs Officer 03/17 (7) Timothy S. Huval 56 Chief Administrative Officer 12/12 (8) George Renaudin II 54 President, Medicare Medicaid 02/23 (9) Susan D. Schick 60 Segment President, Group and Military Business 09/21 (10) Joseph C. Ventura 46 Chief Legal Officer 02/19 (11) 
 (1) Mr. Broussard currently serves as Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), having held these positions since January 1, 2013. Mr. Broussard was elected President upon joining the Company in December 2011 and served in that capacity through December 2012. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Broussard was Chief Executive Officer of McKesson Specialty/US Oncology, Inc. US Oncology was purchased by McKesson in December 2010. At US Oncology, Mr. Broussard served in a number of senior executive roles, including Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman of the Board. 
 (2) Dr. Agrawal currently serves as Chief Strategy and Corporate Development Officer, having joined the Company in December 2018. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Agrawal was Senior Advisor for The Carlyle Group L.P., having held that position from October 2017 to December 2018. Previously, Dr. Agrawal was President and Chief Growth Officer of Ciox Health, the largest health information exchange and release of information services organization in the U.S. from December of 2015 to October 2018. Prior to joining Ciox Health, Dr. Agrawal served as President of Harris Healthcare Solutions from January 2013 to December 2015. 
 (3) Dr. Agwunobi currently serves as Segment President, Home Solutions, having joined Humana in February 2022. Prior to joining the Company, Dr. Agwunobi served as Interim President of the University of Connecticut (UConn) from May 2021 until February 2022, and the Chief Executive Officer and Executive Vice President for Health Affairs for UConn Health from 2014 to February 2022. 
 
 (4) Mr. Deshpande currently serves as Chief Information Officer, having been elected to this position in July 2021, from his prior role as Chief Technology and Risk Officer. Before joining the Company in July 2017, Mr. Deshpande spent 17 years at Capital One in key leadership positions, most recently as Business Chief Risk Officer for the U.S. and international card business. He previously served as the Business Chief Risk Officer and Head of Enterprise Services for the Financial Services Division, responsible for Business Risk, Data Science, Data Quality, Process Excellence and Project Management. He also led marketing and 
 19 

analysis for the Home Loans, Auto Finance, and Credit Card businesses, with responsibilities for business strategy, credit, product and marketing. 
 (5) Ms. Diamond currently serves as Chief Financial Officer, having been elected to this position in June 2021, from her prior role as Segment President, Home Business. Ms. Diamond joined the Company in June 2004 and has spent the majority of her career in various leadership roles in the Medicare and Home businesses, with a particular passion and emphasis on growth and consumer segmentation strategies for the Company s individual Medicare Advantage and Stand Alone Part D offerings. Ms. Diamond also served for two and a half years as the Enterprise Vice President of Finance, where she was responsible for enterprise planning and forecasting, trend analytics and had responsibility for each of the Company s line of business CFOs and controllers. 
 (6) Mr. Felter currently serves as Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller, having been elected to this position in August 2022. Before joining the Company, Mr. Felter served as Senior Director - Investment Finance for OneAmerica Financial Partners, Inc. from May 2022 until June 2022. Prior to OneAmerica, Mr. Felter spent nearly 11 years as a Senior Manager at Ernst Young LLP where he oversaw large audit engagements for public and private entities with a concentration in the health insurance sector. 
 (7) Dr. Fleming currently serves as Segment President, Pharmacy Solutions and Chief Corporate Affairs Officer, having been elected to this position in July 2021, from his prior role as Segment President, Clinical and Pharmacy Solutions. Prior to that, Dr. Fleming held positions of Segment President, Healthcare Services as well as President of the Company s pharmacy business. Dr. Fleming joined the Company in 1994. 
 (8) Mr. Huval currently serves as Chief Administrative Officer, having been elected to this position in July 2019, from his previous role as Chief Human Resources Officer. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Huval spent 10 years at Bank of America in multiple senior-level roles, including Human Resources executive and Chief Information Officer for Global Wealth Investment Management, as well as Human Resources executive for both Global Treasury Services and Technology Global Operations. 
 (9) Mr. Renaudin currently services as President, Medicare Medicaid, having been elected to this position in February 2023. He joined the Company in April 2004 and since then has held various leadership roles of increasing responsibility, most recently holding the position of President, Medicare. 
 
 (10) Ms. Schick currently serves as Segment President, Group and Military Business, having been elected to this position in September 2021. Ms. Schick joined the Company in February 2020 in the role of Senior Vice President, Employer Group. Before she joined the Company, Ms. Schick spent 16 years in a range of senior-level leadership roles at United Healthcare in its Medicaid and Commercial businesses. 
 
 (11) Mr. Ventura currently serves as Chief Legal Officer. He joined the Company in January 2009 and since then has held various positions of increasing responsibility in the Company's Law Department, including most recently, Senior Vice President, Associate General Counsel Corporate Secretary from July 2017 until February 2019. 
 
 Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors and serve until their successors are elected or until resignation or removal. There are no family relationships among any of our executive officers. 
 
 20 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Risks Relating to Our Business 
 If we do not design and price our products properly and competitively, if the premiums we charge are insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, if we are unable to implement clinical initiatives to provide a better health care experience for our members, lower costs and appropriately document the risk profile of our members, or if our estimates of benefits expense are inadequate, our profitability may be materially adversely affected. We estimate the costs of our benefits expense payments, and design and price our products accordingly, using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon, among other relevant factors, claim payment patterns, medical cost inflation, and historical developments such as claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns. These estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability because they are extremely sensitive to changes in claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. Accordingly, our reserves may be insufficient. 
 We use a substantial portion of our revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to our members, including claims payments, capitation payments to providers (predetermined amounts paid to cover services), estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care provided to our members, and various other costs. Generally, premiums in the health care business are fixed for one-year periods. Accordingly, costs we incur in excess of our benefit cost projections generally are not recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. We estimate the costs of our future benefit claims and other expenses using actuarial methods and assumptions based upon claim payment patterns, medical inflation, historical developments, including claim inventory levels and claim receipt patterns, and other relevant factors. We also record benefits payable for future payments. We continually review estimates of future payments relating to benefit claims costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and make necessary adjustments to our reserves, including premium deficiency reserves where appropriate. However, these estimates involve extensive judgment, and have considerable inherent variability that is sensitive to claim payment patterns and medical cost trends. Many factors may and often do cause actual health care costs to exceed what was estimated and used to set our premiums. These factors may include: 
 increased use of medical facilities and services, and the increased cost of such services; 
 increased use or cost of prescription drugs, including specialty prescription drugs; 
 the introduction of new or costly treatments, prescription drugs, or new technologies; 
 our membership mix; 
 variances in actual versus estimated levels of cost associated with new products, benefits or lines of business, product changes or benefit level changes; 
 changes in the demographic characteristics of an account or market; 
 changes or reductions of our utilization management functions such as preauthorization of services, concurrent review or requirements for physician referrals; 
 changes in our purchase discounts or pharmacy volume rebates received from drug manufacturers and wholesalers, which are generally passed on to clients in the form of steeper price discounts; 
 catastrophes, including acts of terrorism, public health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics (such as the spread of COVID-19 or natural disasters (such as hurricanes and earthquakes) which could occur more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of the impact of global climate change; 
 medical cost inflation; and 
 government mandated benefits, member eligibility criteria, or other legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes. 
 
 Key to our operational strategy is the implementation of clinical initiatives that we believe provide a better health care experience for our members, lower the cost of healthcare services delivered to our members, and appropriately document the risk profile of our members. Our profitability and competitiveness depend in large part 
 21 

on our ability to appropriately manage health care costs through, among other things, the application of medical management programs such as our chronic care management program. 
 While we proactively attempt to effectively manage our operating expenses, increases or decreases in staff-related expenses, any costs associated with exiting products, additional investment in new products (including our opportunities in the Medicare programs, state-based contracts, and expansion of clinical capabilities as part of our integrated care delivery model), investments in health and well-being product offerings, acquisitions, new taxes and assessments, inflation,and implementation of regulatory requirements may increase our operating expenses. 
 Failure to adequately price our products or estimate sufficient benefits payable or effectively manage our operating expenses, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 We are in a highly competitive industry. Some of our competitors are more established in the health care industry in terms of a larger market share and have greater financial resources than we do in some markets. In addition, other companies may enter our markets in the future, including emerging competitors in the Medicare program or competitors in the delivery of health care services. We believe that barriers to entry in our markets are not substantial, so the addition of new competitors can occur relatively easily, and customers enjoy significant flexibility in moving between competitors through the Medicare Annual Enrollment Period. In addition, contracts for the sale of group commercial products are generally bid upon or renewed annually. While health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service and the quality and depth of provider networks, we expect that price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. In addition to the challenge of controlling health care costs, we face intense competitive pressure to contain premium prices. Factors such as business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative reform, and marketing practices create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite being faced with increasing medical and administrative costs. 
 The policies and decisions of the federal and state governments regarding the Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Plans, military and Medicaid programs in which we participate have a substantial impact on our profitability. These governmental policies and decisions, which we cannot predict with certainty, directly shape the premiums or other revenues to us under the programs, the eligibility and enrollment of our members, the services we provide to our members, and our administrative, health care services, and other costs associated with these programs. Legislative or regulatory actions, such as changes to the programs in which we participate, those resulting in a reduction in premium payments to us, an increase in our cost of administrative and health care services, or additional fees, taxes or assessments, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 Premium increases, introduction of new product designs, and our relationships with our providers in various markets, among other issues, could also affect our membership levels. Other actions that could affect membership levels include our possible exit from or entrance into Medicare or commercial markets, or the termination of a large contract. 
 If we do not compete effectively in our markets, if we set rates too high or too low in highly competitive markets to keep or increase our market share, if membership does not increase as we expect, if membership declines, or if we lose membership with favorable medical cost experience while retaining or increasing membership with unfavorable medical cost experience, our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 If we fail to effectively implement our operational and strategic initiatives, including our Medicare initiatives, which are of particular importance given the concentration of our revenues in these products, our state-based contracts strategy, the growth of our CenterWell businesses, and our integrated care delivery model, our business may be materially adversely affected. In addition, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our Star ratings in future years. 
 Our future performance depends in large part upon our ability to execute our strategy, including opportunities created by the expansion of our Medicare programs, our strategy with respect to state-based contracts, including 
 22 

those covering members dually eligible for the Medicare and Medicaid programs, the growth of our pharmacy, provider services, and home solutions businesses, and the successful implementation of our integrated care delivery model. 
 We have made substantial investments in the Medicare program to enhance our ability to participate in these programs. The growth of our Medicare products is an important part of our business strategy, and the attendant concentration of revenues intensifies the risks to us inherent in Medicare products. Any failure to achieve this growth may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 The achievement of star ratings of 4-star or higher qualifies Medicare Advantage plans for premium bonuses. Our Medicare Advantage plans' operating results may be significantly affected by their star ratings. Despite our operational efforts to improve our star ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in maintaining or improving our star ratings in future years. In addition, audits of our performance for past or future periods may result in downgrades to our star ratings. Accordingly, our plans may not be eligible for full level quality bonuses, which could adversely affect the benefits such plans can offer, reduce membership and/or reduce profit margins. 
 If we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, to strategically maintain existing or implement new information systems, or to protect our proprietary rights to our systems, our business may be materially adversely affected. 
 Our business depends significantly on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to run our business. Our business strategy involves providing members and providers with easy to use products that leverage our information to meet their needs. Our ability to adequately price our products and services, provide effective and efficient service to our customers, and to timely and accurately report our financial results depends significantly on the integrity of the data in our information systems. These systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect, and enhance existing systems and develop and integrate new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and changing customer preferences, and even with such resources there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. If the information we rely upon to run our businesses was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to improve service levels or maintain effectively our information systems and data integrity, we could have operational disruptions, problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing, customer and health care provider disputes, regulatory or other legal problems, difficulty preventing and detecting fraud, have increases in operating expenses, loss of existing customers, difficulty in attracting new customers, or other adverse consequences, each of which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 We depend on independent third parties for significant portions of our systems-related support, equipment, facilities, and certain data, including data center operations, data network, voice communication services and pharmacy data processing. This dependence makes our operations vulnerable to such third parties' failure to perform adequately under the contract, due to internal or external factors. A change in service providers could result in a decline in service quality and effectiveness or less favorable contract terms which may adversely affect our operating results. 
 We rely on our agreements with customers and service providers, confidentiality agreements with employees, and our trade secrets and copyrights to protect our proprietary rights. These legal protections and precautions may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information. The misappropriation of our proprietary information could hinder our ability to market and sell products and services and may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 If we, and the third-party service providers on whom we rely, are unable to defend our information technology security systems against cybersecurity attacks or prevent other privacy or data security incidents that result in security breaches that disrupt our operations or in the unintentional dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could be exposed to significant regulatory fines or penalties, liability or reputational damage, or experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 23 

In the ordinary course of our business, we process, store and transmit large amounts of data, and rely on third-party service providers to do the same, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or a third-party. We have been, and will likely continue to be, regular targets of attempted cybersecurity attacks and other security threats and may be subject to breaches of our information technology security systems. Although the impact of such attacks has not been material to our operations or results of operations, financial position, or cash flow through December 31, 2022, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to detect, prevent, or contain the effects of such cybersecurity attacks or other information security risks or threats in the future. A cybersecurity attack may penetrate our layered security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third-parties, create system disruptions, cause shutdowns, or deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems. A cybersecurity attack that bypasses our IT security systems, or the security of third-party service providers, could materially affect us due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential data or intellectual property, operational or business delays resulting from the disruption of our IT systems, or negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with our members, customers, providers, and other stakeholders. 
 
 The costs to detect, prevent, eliminate or address cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities before or after an incident could be substantial. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential members. In addition, breaches of our security measures or the security measures of third-party service providers, and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information about us or our members or other third-parties, could expose our associates' or members private information and result in the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third-parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in significant regulatory fines or penalties, litigation and potential liability for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 We are involved in various legal actions and governmental and internal investigations, any of which, if resolved unfavorably to us, could result in substantial monetary damages or changes in our business practices. Increased litigation and negative publicity could increase our cost of doing business. 
 
 We are or may become a party to a variety of legal actions that affect our business, including breach of contract actions, employment compensation and other labor and employment practice suits, employee benefit claims, stockholder suits and other securities laws claims, intellectual and other property claims, and tort claims. 
 
 In addition, because of the nature of the health care business, we are subject to a variety of legal actions relating to our business operations, including the design, management, and offering of products and services. These include and could include in the future: claims relating to the methodologies for calculating premiums; claims relating to the denial of health care benefit payments; claims relating to the denial or rescission of insurance coverage; challenges to the use of some software products used in administering claims; claims relating to our administration of our Medicare Part D offerings; medical malpractice actions brought against our employed providers or affiliated physician-owned professional groups, based on our medical necessity decisions or brought against us on the theory that we are liable for a third-party providers' alleged malpractice; claims arising from any adverse medical consequences resulting from our recommendations about the appropriateness of providers proposed medical treatment plans for patients; allegations of anti-competitive and unfair business activities; provider disputes over compensation or non-acceptance or termination of provider contracts; disputes related to ASO business, including actions alleging claim administration errors; false claims litigation, such as qui tam lawsuits, brought by individuals who seek to sue on behalf of the government, alleging that we, as a government contractor, submitted false claims to the government or retained overpayments from the government, among other allegations, resulting from coding and review practices under the Medicare risk-adjustment model; claims related to the failure to disclose some business practices; claims relating to customer audits and contract performance; claims relating to dispensing of drugs associated with our in-house dispensing pharmacies; and professional liability claims arising out of the delivery of healthcare and related services to the public. 
 
 24 

In some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages as well as treble damages under the federal False Claims Act, Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and other statutes may be sought. 
 
 While we currently have insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities, other potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage, or the amount of our insurance may not be enough to cover the damages awarded. In addition, some types of damages, like punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance. In some jurisdictions, coverage of punitive damages is prohibited. Insurance coverage for all or some forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. 
 
 The health benefits industry continues to receive significant negative publicity reflecting the public perception of the industry. This publicity and perception have been accompanied by increased litigation, including some large jury awards, legislative activity, regulation, and governmental review of industry practices. These factors may materially adversely affect our ability to market our products or services, may require us to change our products or services or otherwise change our business practices, may increase the regulatory burdens under which we operate, and may require us to pay large judgments or fines. Any combination of these factors could further increase our cost of doing business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 See "Legal Proceedings and Certain Regulatory Matters" in Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. We cannot predict the outcome of these matters with certainty. 
 
 As a government contractor, we are exposed to risks that may materially adversely affect our business or our willingness or ability to participate in government health care programs. 
 
 A significant portion of our revenues relates to federal and state government health care coverage programs, including the Medicare, military, and Medicaid programs. These programs accounted for approximately 88 of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. These programs involve various risks, as described further below. 
 At December 31, 2022, under our contracts with CMS we provided health insurance coverage to approximately 771,900 individual Medicare Advantage members in Florida. These contracts accounted for approximately 14 of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. The loss of these and other CMS contracts (which are generally renewed annually) or significant changes in the Medicare Advantage and Prescription Drug Plan programs as a result of legislative or regulatory action, including changes to the Part D prescription drug benefit design or reductions in premium payments to us or increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 Our military services business, which accounted for approximately 1 of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily consisted of the TRICARE T2017 East Region contract. The T2017 East Region contract is a consolidation of the former T3 North and South Regions, comprising 32 states and approximately six million TRICARE beneficiaries, under which delivery of health care services commenced on January 1, 2018. On December 23, 2022, the Department of Defense DoD exercised its option to extend the T2017 East Region contract, adding Option Periods 6 7, and exercised Option Period 6 which extends the T2017 East Region contract through December 31, 2023. On December 22, 2022, we were notified by the DoD that we were awarded the new contract for the TRICARE East Region, with delivery of health care services expected to commence in 2024. The next generation East Region contract awards may be subject to protests by unsuccessful bidders before the U.S. Court of Federal Claims. The loss of the current T2017 East Region contract or an overturn of the award of the new East Region contract to us, should either occur, may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 
 25 

CMS uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans according to health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (FFS) program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. 
 CMS and the Office of the Inspector General of Health and Human Services, or HHS-OIG, perform audits of various companies risk adjustment diagnosis data submissions. We refer to these audits as Risk-Adjustment Data Validation Audits, or RADV audits. RADV audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices that influence the calculation of health status-related premium payments to MA plans. 
 In 2012, CMS released an MA contract-level RADV methodology that would extrapolate the results of each CMS RADV audit sample to the audited MA contract s entire health status-related risk adjusted premium amount for the year under audit. In doing so, CMS recognized that the documentation standard used in RADV audits to determine a contract s payment error (medical records) is different from the documentation standard used to develop the Part C risk-adjustment model (FFS claims). To correct for this difference, CMS stated that it would apply a Fee-for-Service Adjuster (FFS Adjuster) as an offset to the preliminary recovery amount. This adjuster would be calculated by CMS based on a RADV-like review of records submitted to support FFS claims data. CMS stated that this methodology would apply to audits beginning with PY 2011. Humana relied on CMS s 2012 guidance in submitting MA bids to CMS. Humana also launched a Self-Audits program in 2013 that applied CMS s 2012 RADV audit methodology and included an estimated FFS Adjuster. Humana completed Self-Audits for PYs 2011-2016 and reported results to CMS. 
 In October 2018, however, CMS issued a proposed rule announcing possible changes to the RADV audit methodology, including elimination of the FFS Adjuster. CMS proposed applying its revised methodology, including extrapolated recoveries without application of a FFS Adjuster, to RADV audits dating back to PY 2011. On January 30, 2023, CMS published a final rule related to the RADV audit methodology (Final RADV Rule). The Final RADV Rule confirmed CMS s decision to eliminate the FFS Adjuster. The Final RADV Rule states CMS s intention to extrapolate results from CMS and HHS-OIG RADV audits beginning with PY 2018, rather than PY 2011 as proposed. However, CMS s Final RADV Rule does not adopt a specific sampling, extrapolation or audit methodology. CMS instead stated its general plan to rely on any statistically valid method . . . that is determined to be well-suited to a particular audit. 
 Humana is considering its legal options with respect to CMS s changed position on the FFS Adjuster and seeking clarity regarding our compliance obligations in light of the Final RADV Rule. We believe that the Final RADV Rule fails to address adequately the statutory requirement of actuarial equivalence. Further, Humana s actuarially certified bids through PY 2023 preserved Humana s position that CMS 
 26 

should apply an FFS Adjuster in any RADV audit that CMS intends to extrapolate. We expect CMS to apply the Final RADV Rule, including the first application of extrapolated audit results to determine audit settlements without a FFS Adjuster, to CMS and HHS-OIG RADV audits conducted for PY 2018 and subsequent years. The Final RADV Rule, including the lack of a FFS Adjuster, and any related regulatory, industry or company reactions, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 In addition, as part of our internal compliance efforts, we routinely perform ordinary course reviews of our internal business processes related to, among other things, our risk coding and data submissions in connection with the risk adjustment model. These reviews may also result in the identification of errors and the submission of corrections to CMS that may, either individually or in the aggregate, be material. As such, the result of these reviews may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 As we explore our legal options and compliance obligations, we remain committed to working alongside CMS to promote the integrity of the MA program as well as affordability and cost certainty for our members. It is critical that MA plans are paid accurately and that payment model principles, including the application of a FFS Adjuster, are in accordance with the requirements of the Social Security Act, which, if not implemented correctly could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 Our CMS contracts which cover members prescription drugs under Medicare Part D contain provisions for risk sharing and certain payments for prescription drug costs for which we are not at risk. These provisions, certain of which are described below, affect our ultimate payments from CMS. 
 The premiums from CMS are subject to risk corridor provisions which compare costs targeted in our annual bids to actual prescription drug costs, limited to actual costs that would have been incurred under the standard coverage as defined by CMS. Variances exceeding certain thresholds may result in CMS making additional payments to us or require us to refund to CMS a portion of the premiums we received (known as a risk corridor ). We estimate and recognize an adjustment to premiums revenue related to the risk corridor payment settlement based upon pharmacy claims experience. The estimate of the settlement associated with these risk corridor provisions requires us to consider factors that may not be certain, including member eligibility differences with CMS. 
 Reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies represent payments from CMS in connection with the Medicare Part D program for which we assume no risk. Reinsurance subsidies represent payments for CMS s portion of claims costs which exceed the member s out-of-pocket threshold, or the catastrophic coverage level. Low-income cost subsidies represent payments from CMS for all or a portion of the deductible, the coinsurance and co-payment amounts above the out-of-pocket threshold for low-income beneficiaries. Monthly prospective payments from CMS for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. A reconciliation and settlement of CMS s prospective subsidies against actual prescription drug costs we paid is made after the end of the applicable year. 
 Settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. This reconciliation process requires us to submit claims data necessary for CMS to administer the program. Our claims data may not pass CMS s claims edit processes due to various reasons, including discrepancies in eligibility or classification of low-income members. To the extent our data does not pass CMS s claim edit processes, we may bear the risk for all or a portion of the claim which otherwise may have been subject to the risk corridor provision or payment which we would have otherwise received as a low-income subsidy or reinsurance claim. In addition, in the event the settlement represents an amount CMS owes us, there is a negative impact on our cash flows and financial condition as a result of financing CMS s share of the risk. The opposite is true in the event the settlement represents an amount we owe CMS. Further, legislative or regulatory changes to how actual prescription drug costs are 
 27 

reported or calculated or other changes to the Part D prescription drug benefit design may lower reinsurance or low-income cost subsidies paid by CMS and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to various other governmental audits and investigations. Under state laws, our HMOs and health insurance companies are audited by state departments of insurance for financial and contractual compliance. Our HMOs are audited for compliance with health services by state departments of health. Audits and investigations, including audits of risk adjustment data, are also conducted by state attorneys general, CMS, HHS-OIG, the Office of Personnel Management, the Department of Justice, the Department of Labor, and the Defense Contract Audit Agency. All of these activities could result in the loss of licensure or temporary or permanent exclusion from participating in various government health care programs (such as Medicare and Medicaid), including a limitation on our ability to market or sell products, the imposition of fines, penalties and other civil and criminal sanctions, or changes in our business practices. The outcome of any current or future governmental or internal investigations cannot be accurately predicted, nor can we predict any resulting penalties, fines or other sanctions that may be imposed at the discretion of federal or state regulatory authorities. Nevertheless, it is reasonably possible that any such outcome of litigation, penalties, fines or other sanctions could be substantial, and the outcome of these matters may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Certain of these matters could also affect our reputation. In addition, disclosure of any adverse investigation or audit results or sanctions could negatively affect our industry or our reputation in various markets and make it more difficult for us to sell our products and services. 
 Our business activities are subject to substantial government regulation. New laws or regulations, or legislative, judicial, or regulatory changes in existing laws or regulations or their manner of application could increase our cost of doing business and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 New Laws or Regulations, or Future Legislative, Judicial or Regulatory Changes 
 We are and will continue to be regularly subject to new laws and regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations, and judicial determinations that impact the interpretation and applicability of those laws and regulations. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and The Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (which we collectively refer to as the Health Care Reform Law), the Families First Coronavirus Response Act (the Families First Act ), the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ), and the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Inflation Reduction Act ), and related regulations, are examples of laws which have enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the U.S. health insurance industry, including among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to Medicare Advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values, and changes to the Part D prescription drug benefit design. 
 
 It is reasonably possible that these laws and regulations, as well as other current or future legislative, judicial or regulatory changes (including further legislative or regulatory action taken in response to COVID-19), including restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise operate our business, or restrictions on profitability, including reviews by regulatory bodies that may compare our Medicare Advantage business profitability to our non-Medicare Advantage business profitability, or compare the profitability of various products within our Medicare Advantage business, and require that they remain within certain ranges of each other, increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, increases in regulation of our prescription drug benefit businesses, or changes to the Part D prescription drug benefit design may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs, further lowering our Medicare payment rates and increasing 
 28 

our expenses associated with assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows. 
 
 Additionally, potential legislative changes or judicial determinations, including activities to repeal or replace these laws and regulations, including the Health Care Reform Law or declare all or certain portions of these laws and regulations unconstitutional or contrary to law, create uncertainty for our business, and we cannot predict when, or in what form, such legislative changes or judicial determinations may occur. 
 
 Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH Act) 
 
 The use of individually identifiable health data by our business is regulated at federal and state levels. These laws and rules are changed frequently by legislation or administrative interpretation. Various state laws address the use and maintenance of individually identifiable health data. Most are derived from the privacy provisions in the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA. HIPAA includes administrative provisions directed at simplifying electronic data interchange through standardizing transactions, establishing uniform health care provider, payer, and employer identifiers, and seeking protections for the confidentiality and security of patient data. The rules do not provide for complete federal preemption of state laws, but rather preempt all inconsistent state laws unless the state law is more stringent. These regulations set standards for the security of electronic health information, including requirements that insurers provide customers with notice regarding how their non-public personal information is used, including an opportunity to "opt out" of certain disclosures. 
 The HITECH Act, one part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, significantly broadened and strengthened the scope of the privacy and security regulations of HIPAA and imposes additional limits on the use and disclosure of protected health information, or PHI. Among other requirements, the HITECH Act and HIPAA requires us and other covered entities to report any unauthorized release or use of or access to PHI to any impacted individuals and to HHS in those instances where the unauthorized activity poses a significant risk of financial, reputational or other harm to the individuals, and to notify the media in any states where 500 or more people are impacted by any unauthorized release or use of or access to PHI, requires business associates to comply with certain provisions of the HIPAA privacy and security rule, and grants enforcement authority to state attorneys general in addition to the HHS Office of Civil Rights. 
 
 In addition, there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations addressing patient and consumer privacy concerns, including unauthorized access or theft of personal information. State statutes and regulations vary from state to state and could impose additional penalties. Violations of HIPAA or applicable federal or state laws or regulations could subject us to significant criminal or civil penalties, including significant monetary penalties. Compliance with HIPAA and other privacy regulations requires significant systems enhancements, training and administrative effort. HIPAA can also expose us to additional liability for violations by our business associates (e.g., entities that provide services to health plans and providers). 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine and Other Laws 
 As a corporate entity, Humana Inc. is not licensed to practice medicine. Many states in which we operate through our subsidiaries limit the practice of medicine to licensed individuals or professional organizations comprised of licensed individuals, and business corporations generally may not exercise control over the medical decisions of physicians. Statutes and regulations relating to the practice of medicine, fee-splitting between physicians and referral sources, and similar issues vary widely from state to state. Under management agreements between certain of our subsidiaries and affiliated physician-owned professional groups, these groups retain sole responsibility for all medical decisions, as well as for hiring and managing physicians and other licensed healthcare providers, developing operating policies and procedures, implementing professional standards and controls, and maintaining malpractice insurance. We believe that our health services operations comply with applicable state statutes regarding corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting, and similar issues. However, any enforcement actions by governmental officials alleging non-compliance with these statutes, which could subject us to penalties or 
 29 

restructuring or reorganization of our business, may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 Anti-Kickback, Physician Self-Referral, and Other Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 We are subject to various federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws including the federal False Claims Act (the False Claims Act ), the federal anti-kickback statute (the Anti-Kickback Statute ), the federal Stark Law, and related state laws. Potential sanctions for violating these laws include recoupment or reduction of government reimbursement amounts, civil penalties, treble damages, and exclusion from participating in the Medicare and Medicaid programs or other government healthcare programs. The False Claims Act prohibits knowingly submitting, conspiring to submit, or causing to be submitted, false claims, records, or statements to the federal government, or intentionally failing to return overpayments, in connection with reimbursement by federal government programs. The Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits the offer, payment, solicitation, or receipt of any form of remuneration to induce, or in return for, the referral of business under Medicare or other governmental health program. The Stark Law prohibits physicians from referring Medicare or Medicaid beneficiaries for certain services to any entity with which the physician, or an immediate family member of the physician, has a financial relationship, unless the financial relationship fits within a permissible exception. 
 
 Many states also have enacted laws similar in scope and purpose to the Anti-Kickback Statute and, in more limited instances, the Stark Law, that are not limited to services for which Medicare or Medicaid payment is made. In addition, most states have statutes, regulations, or professional codes that restrict a physician from accepting various kinds of remuneration in exchange for making referrals. These laws vary from state to state and have seldom been interpreted by the courts or regulatory agencies. In states that have enacted these statutes, we believe that regulatory authorities and state courts interpreting these statutes may regard federal law under the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Stark Law as persuasive. 
 We believe that our operations comply with the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Stark Law, and similar federal or state laws addressing fraud and abuse. These laws are subject to modification and changes in interpretation, and are enforced by authorities vested with broad discretion. We continually monitor developments in this area. If these laws are interpreted in a manner contrary to our interpretation or are reinterpreted or amended, or if new legislation is enacted with respect to healthcare fraud and abuse, illegal remuneration, or similar issues, we may be required to restructure our affected operations to maintain compliance with applicable law. There can be no assurances that any such restructuring will be possible or, if possible, would not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, or cash flows. 
 State Regulation of our Products and Services 
 Laws in each of the states (and Puerto Rico) in which we operate our HMOs, PPOs and other health insurance-related services regulate our operations including: capital adequacy and other licensing requirements, policy language describing benefits, mandated benefits and processes, entry, withdrawal or re-entry into a state or market, rate increases, delivery systems, utilization review procedures, quality assurance, complaint systems, enrollment requirements, claim payments, marketing, and advertising. The HMO, PPO, and other health insurance-related products we offer are sold under licenses issued by the applicable insurance regulators. 
 Our licensed insurance subsidiaries are also subject to regulation under state insurance holding company and Puerto Rico regulations. These regulations generally require, among other things, prior approval and/or notice of new products, rates, benefit changes, and certain material transactions, including dividend payments, purchases or sales of assets, intercompany agreements, and the filing of various financial and operational reports. 
 Certain of our healthcare services businesses require a Certificate of Need, or CON, to operate in certain states. These states restrict the entry of new providers or services and the expansion of existing providers or services in their state through a CON process, which is periodically evaluated and updated as required by applicable state law. To the extent that we require a CON or other similar approvals to expand our operations, our expansion could be adversely affected by our inability to obtain the necessary approval. To the extent laws in these CON states change, 
 30 

including the elimination of the CON requirement, the intangible value associated with these CONs may be impaired. 
 Any failure by us to manage acquisitions, divestitures and other significant transactions successfully may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 As part of our business strategy, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties regarding possible investments, acquisitions, divestitures, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and outsourcing transactions and often enter into agreements relating to such transactions in order to further our business objectives. In order to pursue our acquisition strategy successfully, we must identify suitable candidates for and successfully complete transactions, some of which may be large and complex, and manage post-closing issues such as the integration of acquired companies or employees. Integration and other risks can be more pronounced for larger and more complicated transactions, transactions outside of our core business space, or if multiple transactions are pursued simultaneously. The failure to successfully integrate acquired entities and businesses or failure to produce results consistent with the financial model used in the analysis of our transactions may cause asset write-offs, restructuring costs or other expenses and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. If we fail to identify and complete successfully transactions that further our strategic objectives, we may be required to expend resources to develop products and technology internally. In addition, from time to time, we evaluate alternatives for our businesses that do not meet our strategic, growth or profitability objectives, and we may divest or wind down such businesses. There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete any such divestiture on terms favorable to us, and the divestiture of certain businesses could result, individually or in the aggregate, in the recognition of material losses and a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to develop and maintain satisfactory relationships with the providers of care to our members, our business may be adversely affected. 
 We employ or contract with physicians, hospitals and other providers to deliver health care to our members. Our products encourage or require our customers to use these contracted providers. A key component of our integrated care delivery strategy is to increase the number of providers who share medical cost risk with us or have financial incentives to deliver quality medical services in a cost-effective manner. 
 In any particular market, providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher health care costs for us, less desirable products for customers and members or difficulty meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements. In some markets, some providers, particularly hospitals, physician specialty groups, physician/hospital organizations, or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions and negotiating power. In addition, physician or practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, may compete directly with us. If these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate unfavorable contracts with us or place us at a competitive disadvantage, or do not enter into contracts with us that encourage the delivery of quality medical services in a cost-effective manner, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas may be adversely affected. 
 In some situations, we have contracts with individual or groups of primary care providers for an actuarially determined, fixed fee per month to provide a basket of required medical services to our members. This type of contract is referred to as a capitation contract. The inability of providers to properly manage costs under these capitation arrangements can result in the financial instability of these providers and the termination of their relationship with us. In addition, payment or other disputes between a primary care provider and specialists with whom the primary care provider contracts can result in a disruption in the provision of services to our members or a reduction in the services available to our members. The financial instability or failure of a primary care provider to pay other providers for services rendered could lead those other providers to demand payment from us even though we have made our regular fixed payments to the primary provider. There can be no assurance that providers with whom we contract will properly manage the costs of services, maintain financial solvency or avoid disputes with other providers. Any of these events may have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 31 

The success of our healthcare services businesses depends on our ability, and the ability of our affiliated physician-owned professional groups and management services organizations, to recruit, hire, acquire, contract with, and retain physicians, nurses and other medical professionals who are experienced in providing care services to older adults. The market to acquire or manage physician practices, and to employ or contract with individual physicians, nurses and other medical professionals is, and is expected to remain, highly competitive, and the performance of our healthcare services businesses may be adversely impacted if we, and our affiliated physician-owned professional groups and management services organizations, are unable to attract, maintain satisfactory relationships with, and retain physicians, nurses and other medical professionals, or if these businesses are unable to retain patients following the departure of a physician, nurses or other medical professional. In addition, our healthcare services businesses contract with competitors of our health benefits businesses, and these businesses could suffer if they are unable to maintain relationships with these companies, or fail to adequately price their contracts with these third-party payers. 
 
 We face significant competition in attracting and retaining talented employees. Further, managing succession for, and retention of, key executives is critical to our success, and our failure to do so could adversely affect our businesses, operating results and/or future performance. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified employees and executives, including those with diverse backgrounds, experiences and skill sets, to operate and expand our business. We face intense competition for qualified employees, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain such employees or that such competition among potential employers will not result in increasing salaries. In addition, while we have development and succession plans in place for our key employees and executives, these plans do not guarantee the services of our key employees and executives will continue to be available to us. If we are unable to attract, develop, retain and effectively manage the development and succession plans for key employees and executives, our business, results of operations and future performance could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our pharmacy business is highly competitive and subjects us to regulations and distribution and supply chain risks in addition to those we face with our core health benefits businesses. 
 
 Our in-house dispensing pharmacy business competes with locally owned drugstores, retail drugstore chains, supermarkets, discount retailers, membership clubs, internet companies and other mail-order and long-term care pharmacies. 
 
 Our pharmacy business also subjects us to extensive federal, state, and local regulation. The practice of pharmacy is generally regulated at the state level by state boards of pharmacy. Many of the states where we deliver pharmaceuticals, including controlled substances, have laws and regulations that require out-of-state mail-order pharmacies to register with that state s board of pharmacy. Federal agencies further regulate our pharmacy operations, requiring registration with the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and individual state controlled substance authorities in order to dispense controlled substances. In addition, the FDA inspects facilities in connection with procedures to effect recalls of prescription drugs. The Federal Trade Commission also has requirements for mail-order sellers of goods. The U.S. Postal Service, or USPS, has statutory authority to restrict the transmission of drugs and medicines through the mail to a degree that may have an adverse effect on our mail-order operations. The USPS historically has exercised this statutory authority only with respect to controlled substances. If the USPS restricts our ability to deliver drugs through the mail, alternative means of delivery could be significantly more expensive. The U.S. Department of Transportation has regulatory authority to impose restrictions on drugs inserted in the stream of commerce. These regulations generally do not apply to the USPS and its operations. In addition, we are subject to CMS rules regarding the administration of our PDP plans and intercompany pricing between our PDP plans and our pharmacy business. 
 
 We are also subject to risks inherent in the packaging and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other health care products, including the application of state laws and regulations related to the operation of internet and mail-order pharmacies, violations of which could expose us to civil and criminal penalties, and manufacturing, distribution or other supply chain disruptions (including disruptions that occur as a result of catastrophes, including acts of 
 32 

terrorism, public health emergencies, epidemics or pandemics (such as the spread of COVID-19), or natural disasters (such as hurricanes and earthquakes) which could occur more frequently or with more intense effects as a result of the impacts of global climate change), each of which could impact the availability or cost of supplying of such products. 
 
 Changes in the prescription drug industry pricing benchmarks may adversely affect our financial performance. 
 Contracts in the prescription drug industry generally use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. These benchmarks include average wholesale price, which is referred to as AWP, average selling price, which is referred to as ASP, and wholesale acquisition cost. It is uncertain whether payors, pharmacy providers, pharmacy benefit managers, or PBMs, and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated, or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for establishing prices within the industry. Legislation may lead to changes in the pricing for Medicare and Medicaid programs. Regulators have conducted investigations into the use of AWP for federal program payment, and whether the use of AWP has inflated drug expenditures by the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Federal and state proposals have sought to change the basis for calculating payment of certain drugs by the Medicare and Medicaid programs. Adoption of ASP in lieu of AWP as the measure for determining payment by Medicare or Medicaid programs for the drugs sold in our in-house dispensing pharmacy business may reduce the revenues and gross margins of this business which may result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. 
 Our ability to obtain funds from certain of our licensed subsidiaries is restricted by state insurance regulations. 
 Because we operate as a holding company, we are dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries to fund the obligations of Humana Inc., our parent company. Certain of our insurance subsidiaries operate in states that regulate the payment of dividends, loans, administrative expense reimbursements or other cash transfers to Humana Inc., and require minimum levels of equity as well as limit investments to approved securities. The amount of dividends that may be paid to Humana Inc. by these insurance subsidiaries, without prior approval by state regulatory authorities, or ordinary dividends, is limited based on the entity's level of statutory income and statutory capital and surplus. In most states, prior notification is provided before paying a dividend even if approval is not required. Actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix. Dividends from our non-insurance companies such as in our CenterWell segment are generally not restricted by Departments of Insurance. In the event that we are unable to provide sufficient capital to fund the obligations of Humana Inc., our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 Downgrades in our debt ratings, should they occur, may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 Claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are an increasingly important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies. Ratings information is broadly disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. Historically, rating agencies take action to lower ratings due to, among other things, perceived concerns about liquidity or solvency, the competitive environment in the insurance industry, the inherent uncertainty in determining reserves for future claims, the outcome of pending litigation and regulatory investigations, and possible changes in the methodology or criteria applied by the rating agencies. Each of the rating agencies reviews its ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. Our ratings reflect each rating agency s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, and ability to meet our debt obligations or obligations to policyholders, but are not evaluations directed toward the protection of investors in our common stock and should not be relied upon as such. 
 
 33 

We believe that certain of our customers place importance on our claims paying ability, financial strength, and debt ratings, and we may lose customers and compete less successfully if our ratings were to be downgraded. In addition, our credit ratings impact our ability to obtain future borrowings and investment capital on favorable terms. If our credit ratings were to be lowered, our cost of borrowing likely would increase, our sales and earnings could decrease, and our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 
 The securities and credit markets may experience volatility and disruption, which may adversely affect our business. 
 Ongoing volatility or disruption in the securities and credit markets could impact our investment portfolio. We evaluate our investment securities for impairment on a quarterly basis. This review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. For the purpose of determining gross realized gains and losses, the cost of investment securities sold is based upon specific identification. For debt securities held, we recognize an impairment loss in income when the fair value of the debt security is less than the carrying value and we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis, or if a credit loss has occurred. When we do not intend to sell or are not required to sell a security in an unrealized loss position, potential credit related impairments are considered using a variety of factors, including the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost, adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a security; payment structure of the security; changes in credit rating of the security by the rating agencies; the volatility of the fair value changes; and changes in fair value of the security after the balance sheet date. For debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. We continuously review our investment portfolios and there is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional material realized losses from sales or credit related impairments may be recorded in future periods. 
 We believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit agreement or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares. However, continuing adverse securities and credit market conditions may significantly affect the availability of credit. While there is no assurance in the current economic environment, including the heightened uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have no reason to believe the lenders participating in our credit agreement will not be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with the terms of the agreement. 
 Our access to additional credit will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit, both to the overall market and our industry, our credit ratings and debt capacity, as well as the possibility that customers or lenders could develop a negative perception of our long or short-term financial prospects. Similarly, our access to funds could be limited if regulatory authorities or rating agencies were to take negative actions against us. If a combination of these factors were to occur, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 The spread of, and response to, COVID-19 underscores certain risks we face, including those discussed above, and the ongoing, heightened uncertainty created by the pandemic precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact to us of COVID-19. 
 
 COVID-19 underscores certain risks we face, including those discussed above. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues, the premiums we charge may prove to be insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered to our members, each of which could be impacted by many factors, including the impacts that we have experienced, and may continue to experience, to our revenues due to limitations on our ability to implement clinical initiatives to manage health care costs and chronic conditions of our members, and appropriately document their risk profiles, as a result of our members being unable or unwilling to see their providers due to actions taken to mitigate the spread of COVID-19; increased costs that may result from higher utilization rates of medical facilities and services and other increases in associated hospital and pharmaceutical costs; and shifts in our premium and medical claims cost trends to reflect the demographic impact of higher mortality during the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, we are offering, 
 34 

and have been mandated by legislative and regulatory action (including the Families First Act and CARES Act) to provide, certain expanded benefit coverage to our members, such as waiving, or reimbursing, certain costs for COVID-19 testing, vaccinations and treatment. These measures taken by us, or governmental action, to respond to the ongoing impact of COVID-19 (including further expansion or modification of the services delivered to our members, the adoption or modification of regulatory requirements associated with those services and the costs and challenges associated with ensuring timely compliance with such requirements), and the potential for widespread testing, treatments and the distribution and administration of COVID-19 vaccines, could adversely impact our profitability. 
 
 The spread and impact of COVID-19 and additional variants, or actions taken to mitigate this spread, could have material and adverse effects on our ability to operate effectively, including as a result of the complete or partial closure of facilities or labor shortages. Disruptions in public and private infrastructure, including communications, availability of in-person sales and marketing channels, financial services and supply chains, could materially and adversely disrupt our normal business operations. A significant subset of our and our third party providers employee populations are in a remote work environment in an effort to mitigate the spread of COVID-19, which may exacerbate certain risks to our business, including an increased demand for information technology resources, increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and increased risk of unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal, or proprietary and/or confidential information. The continued COVID-19 pandemic has severely impacted global economic activity, including the businesses of some of our commercial customers, and caused significant volatility and negative pressure in the financial markets. In addition to disrupting our operations, these developments may adversely affect the timing of commercial customer premium collections and corresponding claim payments, the value of our investment portfolio, or future liquidity needs. 
 
 The ongoing, heightened uncertainty created by the pandemic precludes any prediction as to the ultimate adverse impact to us of COVID-19. We are continuing to monitor the spread of COVID-19, changes to our benefit coverages, and the ongoing costs and business impacts of dealing with COVID-19, including the potential costs and impacts associated with lifting, or reimposing, restrictions on movement and economic activity, the timing and degree in resumption of demand for deferred healthcare services, the pace of administration of COVID-19 vaccines and the effectiveness of those vaccines, and related risks. The magnitude and duration of the pandemic remains uncertain, and its ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be material. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Our principal executive office is located in the Humana Building, 500 West Main Street, Louisville, Kentucky 40202. In addition to the headquarters in Louisville, Kentucky, we maintain other principal operating facilities used for customer service, enrollment, and/or claims processing and certain other corporate functions in Louisville, Kentucky; Green Bay, Wisconsin; Tampa, Florida; Cincinnati, Ohio; San Antonio, Texas; San Juan, Puerto Rico; Atlanta, Georgia; Mooresville, North Carolina and Austin, Texas. 
 We owned or leased numerous medical centers and administrative offices at December 31, 2022. The medical centers we operate are primarily located in Florida and Texas, including full-service, multi-specialty medical centers staffed by primary care providers and medical specialists. Of these medical centers, approximately 289 of these facilities are leased or subleased to our contracted providers to operate. 
 
 35 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are party to a variety of legal actions in the ordinary course of business, certain of which may be styled as class-action lawsuits. Among other matters, this litigation may include employment matters, claims of medical malpractice, bad faith, nonacceptance or termination of providers, anticompetitive practices, improper rate setting, provider contract rate disputes, qui tam litigation brought by individuals seeking to sue on behalf of the government, failure to disclose network discounts and various other provider arrangements, general contractual matters, intellectual property matters, and challenges to subrogation practices. For a discussion of our material legal actions, including those not in the ordinary course of business, see Legal Proceedings and Certain Regulatory Matters in Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. We cannot predict the outcome of these suits with certainty. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 36 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HUM. 
 Holders of our Capital Stock 
 As of January 31, 2023, there were 1,707 holders of record of our common stock and 634,739 beneficial holders of our common stock. 
 Dividends 
 The following table provides details of dividend payments, excluding dividend equivalent rights, in 2021 and 2022, under our Board approved quarterly cash dividend policy: 
 Record Date Payment Date Amount per Share Total Amount (in millions) 2021 payments 12/31/2020 1/29/2021 0.6250 81 3/31/2021 4/30/2021 0.7000 90 6/30/2021 7/30/2021 0.7000 90 9/30/2021 10/29/2021 0.7000 90 2022 payments 12/31/2021 1/28/2022 0.7000 90 3/31/2022 4/29/2022 0.7875 100 6/30/2022 7/29/2022 0.7875 100 9/30/2022 10/28/2022 0.7875 100 
 
 In October 2022, the Board declared a cash dividend of 0.7875 per share payable on January 27, 2023 to stockholders of record on December 31, 2021 for an aggregate amount of 98 million. In February 2023, the Board declared a cash dividend of 0.8850 per share payable on April 28, 2023 to stockholders of record on March 31, 2023. Declaration and payment of future quarterly dividends is at the discretion of our Board and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change. 
 37 

Stock Total Return Performance 
 The following graph compares our total return to stockholders with the returns of the Standard Poor s Composite 500 Index S P 500 and the Dow Jones US Select Health Care Providers Index Peer Group for the five years ended December 31, 2022. The graph assumes an investment of 100 in each of our common stock, the S P 500, and the Peer Group on December 31, 2017, and that dividends were reinvested when paid. 
 
 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 HUM 100 116 150 169 192 213 S P 500 100 96 126 149 191 157 Peer Group 100 110 135 160 199 186 
 The stock price performance included in this graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 38 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about purchases by us during the three months ended December 31, 2022 of equity securities that are registered by us pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (1)(2) Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) (2) (3) October 2022 2,000,000,000 November 2022 1,518,996 534.02 1,518,996 1,150,000,000 December 2022 353,604 534.02 353,604 1,000,000,000 Total 1,872,600 534.02 1,872,600 
 (1) On November 2, 2022, we entered into separate accelerated stock repurchase agreements, the November 2022 ASR Agreements, with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, or Goldman Sachs, and Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, or Mizuho, to repurchase 1 billion of our common stock as part of the 3 billion repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on February 18, 2021. In accordance with the November 2022 ASR Agreements, we made a payment of 1 billion 500 million to Goldman Sachs on November 3, 2022 and 500 million to Mizuho on November 4, 2022) and received an initial delivery of 1.5 million shares of our common stock (0.760 million shares each from Goldman Sachs and Mizuho). In November 2022, we recorded the payments to Goldman Sachs and Mizuho as a reduction to stockholders equity, consisting of an 850 million increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of the initial 1.5 million shares received upon initial settlement, and a 150 million decrease in capital in excess of par value, which reflects the value of stock held back by Goldman Sachs and Mizuho pending final settlement of the November 2022 ASR Agreements. Upon final settlement of the November 2022 ASR Agreements with Goldman Sachs and Mizuho on December 15, 2022 and December 16, 2022, respectively, we received an additional 0.177 million shares and 0.177 million shares, respectively, as determined by the average daily volume weighted-averages share price of our common stock during the terms of the agreements, less a discount, of 534.16 and 533.87, respectively, bringing the total shares received under the November 2022 ASR Agreements to 1.8 million. In addition, upon settlement we reclassified the 150 million value of stock initially held back by Goldman Sachs and Mizuho from capital in excess of par value to treasury stock. 
 (2) Excludes 0.2 million shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans. 
 (3) On February 15, 2023, the Board of Directors replaced the previous share repurchase authorization of up to 3 billion (of which approximately 1 billion remained unused) with a new authorization for repurchases of up to 3 billion of our common shares exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, expiring as of February 15, 2026. 

39 

ITEM 6. [Reserved] 

40 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 For discussion of 2020 items and year-over-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this 2022 10-K and were not impacted by our segment realignment, refer to "Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" found in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, that was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 17, 2022. 
 Executive Overview 
 General 
 Humana Inc., headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky, is a leading health and well-being company committed to helping our millions of medical and specialty members achieve their best health. Our successful history in care delivery and health plan administration is helping us create a new kind of integrated care with the power to improve health and well being and lower costs. Our efforts are leading to a better quality of life for people with Medicare, families, individuals, military service personnel, and communities at large. To accomplish that, we support physicians and other health care professionals as they work to deliver the right care in the right place for their patients, our members. Our range of clinical capabilities, resources and tools, such as in home care, behavioral health, pharmacy services, data analytics and wellness solutions, combine to produce a simplified experience that makes health care easier to navigate and more effective. 
 The health benefits industry relies on two key statistics to measure performance. The benefit ratio, which is computed by taking total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue, represents a statistic used to measure underwriting profitability. The operating cost ratio, which is computed by taking total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenue less investment income, represents a statistic used to measure administrative spending efficiency. 
 Sale of Hospice and Personal Care Divisions 
 On August 11, 2022, we completed the sale of a 60 i nterest in Humana s Kindred at Home Hospice subsidiary, or KAH Hospice, to Clayton, Dubilier Rice, or CD R, for cash proceeds of approximately 2.7 billion, net of cash disposed, including debt repayments from KAH Hospice to Humana of 1.9 billion. In connection with the sale we recognized a pre-tax gain, net of transaction costs, of 237 million which is reported as a gain on sale of KAH Hospice in the accompanying consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Kindred at Home Acquisition 
 On August 17, 2021, we acquired the remaining 60 interest in Kindred at Home, or KAH, the nation s largest home health and hospice provider, from TPG Capital and Welsh, Carson, Anderson Stowe, two private equity funds, for an enterprise value of 8.2 billion, which includes our equity value of 2.4 billion associated with our 40 minority ownership interest. The remeasurement to fair value of our previously held 40 equity method investment with a carrying value of approximately 1.3 billion, resulted in a 1.1 billion gain recognized in "Other (income) expense, net". KAH has locations in 40 states, providing extensive geographic coverage with approximately 65 overlap with our individual Medicare Advantage membership. We paid the approximate 5.8 billion transaction price (net of our existing equity stake) through a combination of debt financing, the assumption of existing KAH indebtedness and parent company cash. 
 COVID-19 
 The emergence and spread of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, beginning in the first quarter of 2020 has impacted our business. During periods of increased incidences of COVID-19, a reduction in non-COVID-19 hospital admissions for non-emergent and elective medical care have resulted in lower overall healthcare system utilization. At the same time, COVID-19 treatment and testing costs increased utilization. During 2022, we experienced lower overall utilization of the healthcare system than anticipated, as the reduction in COVID-19 utilization following the increased incidence associated with the Omicron variant outpaced the increase in non-COVID-19 utilization. The 
 41 

significant disruption in utilization during 2020 also impacted our ability to implement clinical initiatives to manage health care costs and chronic conditions of our members, and appropriately document their risk profiles, and, as such, significantly affected our 2021 revenue under the risk adjustment payment model for Medicare Advantage plans. Finally, changes in utilization patterns and actions taken in 2020 and 2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time and shifting the timing of claim payments and provider capitation surplus payments, impacted our claim reserve development and operating cash flows for 2020 and 2021. 
 
 Value Creation Initiatives 
 During 2022, in order to create capacity to fund growth and investment in our Medicare Advantage business and further expansion of our healthcare services capabilities in 2023, we committed to drive additional value for the enterprise through cost saving, productivity initiatives, and value acceleration from previous investments. As a result of these initiatives, we recorded charges of 473 million included within operating costs in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. These charges primarily relate to 248 million in asset impairments, including software and abandonment, and 116 million of severance charges in connection with workforce optimization. The remainder of the charges primarily relate to external consulting fees. These charges were recorded at the corporate level and not allocated to the segments. 
 Business Segments 
 During December 2022, we realigned our businesses into two distinct segments: Insurance and CenterWell. The Insurance segment includes the businesses that were previously included in the Retail and Group and Specialty segments, as well as the Pharmacy Benefit Manager, or PBM, business which was previously included in the Healthcare Services segment. The CenterWell segment (formerly Healthcare Services) represents our payor-agnostic healthcare services offerings, including pharmacy dispensing services, provider services, and home services. In addition to the new segment classifications being utilized to assess performance and allocate resources, we believe this simpler structure will create greater collaboration across the Insurance and CenterWell businesses and will accelerate work that is underway to centralize and integrate operations within the organization. Prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2022 presentation. For a recast of prior period segment financial information, refer to Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Our two reportable segments, Insurance and CenterWell, are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on well-being solutions for our health plans and other customers, as described below. These segment groupings are consistent with information used by our Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Decision Maker, to assess performance and allocate resources. For segment financial information, refer to Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 The Insurance segment consists of Medicare benefits, marketed to individuals or directly via group Medicare accounts, as well as our contract with CMS to administer the Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition, or LI-NET, prescription drug plan program and contracts with various states to provide Medicaid, dual eligible demonstration, and Long-Term Support Services benefits, which we refer to collectively as our state-based contracts. This segment also includes products consisting of employer group commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits marketed to individuals and employer groups, including dental, vision, and other supplemental health benefits, as well as administrative services only, or ASO. In addition, our Insurance segment includes our military services business, primarily our T-2017 East Region contract, as well as the operations of our PBM business. 
 The CenterWell segment includes our pharmacy, provider services, and home solutions operations. The segment also includes our strategic partnerships with WCAS to develop and operate senior-focused, payor-agnostic, primary care centers, as well as our minority ownership interest in hospice operations. Services offered by this segment are designed to enhance the overall healthcare experience. These services may lead to lower utilization associated with improved member health and/or lower drug costs. 
 42 

The results of each segment are measured by income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings from equity method investments, or segment earnings. Transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our CenterWell segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, and home services, to our Insurance segment customers. Intersegment sales and expenses are recorded at fair value and eliminated in consolidation. Members served by our segments often use the same provider networks, enabling us in some instances to obtain more favorable contract terms with providers. Our segments also share indirect costs and assets. As a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent. We allocate most operating expenses to our segments. Assets and certain corporate income and expenses are not allocated to the segments, including the portion of investment income not supporting segment operations, interest expense on corporate debt, and certain other corporate expenses. These items are managed at a corporate level. These corporate amounts are reported separately from our reportable segments and are included with intersegment eliminations. 
 Seasonality 
 COVID-19 disrupted the pattern of our quarterly earnings and operating cash flows largely due to the temporary deferral of non-essential care which resulted in reductions in non-COVID-19 hospital admissions and lower overall healthcare system utilization during higher levels of COVID-19 hospital admissions. At the same time, during periods of increased incidences of COVID-19, COVID-19 treatment and testing costs increase. Similar impacts and seasonal disruptions from either higher or lower utilization are expected to persist as we respond to and recover from the COVID-19 global health crisis. 
 One of the product offerings of our Insurance segment is Medicare stand-alone prescription drug plans, or PDP, under the Medicare Part D program. Our quarterly Insurance segment earnings and operating cash flows are impacted by the Medicare Part D benefit design and changes in the composition of our membership. The Medicare Part D benefit design results in coverage that varies as a member s cumulative out-of-pocket costs pass through successive stages of a member s plan period, which begins annually on January 1 for renewals. These plan designs generally result in us sharing a greater portion of the responsibility for total prescription drug costs in the early stages and less in the latter stages. As a result, the PDP benefit ratio generally decreases as the year progresses. In addition, the number of low income senior members as well as year-over-year changes in the mix of membership in our standalone PDP products affects the quarterly benefit ratio pattern. 
 The Insurance segment also experiences seasonality in the fully-insured product offering. The effect on the Insurance's segment benefit ratio is opposite of the Medicare stand-alone PDP impact, with the benefit ratio increasing as fully-insured members progress through their annual deductible and maximum out-of-pocket expenses. 
 In addition, the Insurance segment also experiences seasonality in the operating cost ratio as a result of costs incurred in the second half of the year associated with the Medicare marketing season. 
 Highlights 
 Our strategy offers our members affordable health care combined with a positive consumer experience in growing markets. At the core of this strategy is our integrated care delivery model, which unites quality care, high member engagement, and sophisticated data analytics. Our approach to primary, physician-directed care for our members aims to provide quality care that is consistent, integrated, cost-effective, and member-focused, provided by both employed physicians and physicians with network contract arrangements. The model is designed to improve health outcomes and affordability for individuals and for the health system as a whole, while offering our members a simple, seamless healthcare experience. We believe this strategy is positioning us for long-term growth in both membership and earnings. We offer providers a continuum of opportunities to increase the integration of care and offer assistance to providers in transitioning from a fee-for-service to a value-based arrangement. These include performance bonuses, shared savings and shared risk relationships. At December 31, 2022, approximately 3,175,500 members, or 70 , of our individual Medicare Advantage members were in value-based relationships under our integrated care delivery model, as compared to 3,009,600 members, or 68 , at December 31, 2021. 
 43 

On February 1, 2023, Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, issued its preliminary 2024 Medicare Advantage and Part D payment rates and proposed policy changes, collectively, the Advance Notice. CMS has invited public comment on the Advance Notice before publishing final rates on or before April 3, 2023, or the Final Notice. In the Advance Notice, CMS estimates Medicare Advantage plans across the sector will, on average, experience a 2.27 decrease in benchmark funding based on proposals included therein. As indicated by CMS, its estimate excludes the impact of fee-for-service county rebasing/re-pricing since the related impact is dependent upon finalization of certain data, which will be available with the publication of the Final Notice. Further the benchmark decrease excludes MA risk score trend as individual plans experience will vary. Based on the company s preliminary analysis using the same factors CMS included in its estimate, the components of which are detailed on CMS s website, we anticipate the proposals in the Advance Notice would result, on average, in a change relatively in line with CMS estimate, with the exception of Humana's Medicare Star Ratings for bonus year 2024, which led the company s peers, as well as the Risk Model Revision and Normalization Adjustment, which the company continues to analyze. With respect to the Risk Model Revision and Normalization adjustment, CMS provided detail to the company indicating an average impact to Humana relatively in line with the average negative 3.12 industry impact. The company continues to analyze the Advance Notice, including CMS estimate of the Humana specific impact related to the Risk Model Revision and Normalization adjustment, which is likely to have a more negative impact on individual plans and specific membership cohorts with greater risk score trend, and will be drawing upon its program expertise to provide CMS formal commentary on the impact of the Advance Notice and the related impact on Medicare beneficiaries quality of care and service to its members through the Medicare Advantage program. 
 
 Net income was 2.8 billion, or 22.08 per diluted common share, and 2.9 billion, or 22.67 per diluted common share, in 2022 and 2021, respectively. This comparison was significantly impacted by the gain on KAH equity method investment recognized in August 2021, put/call valuation adjustments associated with non-consolidating minority interest investments, transaction and integration costs, the change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities, charges associated with productivity initiatives related to previously disclosed 1 billion value creation plan, and the net gain on the sale of KAH Hospice. The impact of these adjustments to our consolidated income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings and diluted earnings per common share was as follows for the 2022 and 2021 periods: 
 44 

2022 2021 (in millions) Consolidated income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings: Gain on Kindred at Home equity method investment (1,129) Gain on sale of KAH Hospice (237) Charges associated with productivity initiatives related to the previously disclosed 1 billion value creation plan 473 Put/call valuation adjustments associated with our non consolidating minority interest investments 68 597 Transaction and integration costs 105 128 Change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities 123 341 532 (63) 2022 2021 Diluted earnings per common share: Gain on Kindred at Home equity method investment (8.73) Gain on sale of KAH Hospice (1.86) Charges associated with productivity initiatives related to the previously disclosed 1 billion value creation plan 3.72 Put/call valuation adjustments associated with our non consolidating minority interest investments 0.53 4.62 Transaction and integration costs 0.83 0.99 Change in the fair value of publicly-traded equity securities 0.97 2.63 Tax impact of all transactions (1.52) (1.93) 2.67 (2.42) 

45 

Health Care Reform 
 We are and will continue to be regularly subject to new laws and regulations, changes to existing laws and regulations, and judicial determinations that impact the interpretation and applicability of those laws and regulations. The Health Care Reform Law, the Families First Act, the CARES Act, and the Inflation Reduction Act, and related regulations, are examples of laws which have enacted significant reforms to various aspects of the U.S. health insurance industry, including, among others, mandated coverage requirements, mandated benefits and guarantee issuance associated with commercial medical insurance, rebates to policyholders based on minimum benefit ratios, adjustments to Medicare Advantage premiums, the establishment of federally facilitated or state-based exchanges coupled with programs designed to spread risk among insurers, and the introduction of plan designs based on set actuarial values, and changes to the Part D prescription drug benefit design . 
 It is reasonably possible that these laws and regulations, as well as other current or future legislative, judicial or regulatory changes (including further legislative or regulatory action taken in response to COVID-19) including restrictions on our ability to manage our provider network or otherwise operate our business, or restrictions on profitability, including reviews by regulatory bodies that may compare our Medicare Advantage profitability to our non-Medicare Advantage business profitability, or compare the profitability of various products within our Medicare Advantage business, and require that they remain within certain ranges of each other, increases in member benefits or changes to member eligibility criteria without corresponding increases in premium payments to us, or increases in regulation of our prescription drug benefit businesses, in the aggregate may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations (including restricting revenue, enrollment and premium growth in certain products and market segments, restricting our ability to expand into new markets, increasing our medical and operating costs, further lowering our Medicare payment rates and increasing our expenses associated with assessments); our financial position (including our ability to maintain the value of our goodwill); and our cash flows. 
 
 We intend for the discussion of our financial condition and results of operations that follows to assist in the understanding of our financial statements and related changes in certain key items in those financial statements from year to year, including the primary factors that accounted for those changes. Transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our CenterWell segment, primarily pharmacy, provider services, and home solutions, to our Insurance segment customers and are described in Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 
 46 

Comparison of Results of Operations for 2022 and 2021 
 Certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments was as follows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Consolidated 
 Change 2022 2021 Dollars Percentage (dollars in millions, except per common share results) Revenues: Premiums: Insurance 87,712 79,822 7,890 9.9 Total premiums revenue 87,712 79,822 7,890 9.9 Services: Insurance 850 853 (3) (0.4) CenterWell 3,926 2,202 1,724 78.3 Total services revenue 4,776 3,055 1,721 56.3 Investment income 382 187 195 104.3 Total revenues 92,870 83,064 9,806 11.8 Operating expenses: Benefits 75,690 69,199 6,491 9.4 Operating costs 12,671 10,121 2,550 25.2 Depreciation and amortization 709 596 113 19.0 Total operating expenses 89,070 79,916 9,154 11.5 Income from operations 3,800 3,148 652 20.7 Gain on sale of KAH Hospice (237) 237 100.0 Interest expense 401 326 75 23.0 Other expense (income), net 68 (532) 600 112.8 Income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings 3,568 3,354 214 6.4 Provision for income taxes 762 485 277 57.1 Equity in net (losses) earnings (4) 65 (69) (106.2) Net income 2,802 2,934 (132) (4.5) Diluted earnings per common share 22.08 22.67 (0.59) (2.6) Benefit ratio (a) 86.3 86.7 (0.4) Operating cost ratio (b) 13.7 12.2 1.5 Effective tax rate 21.4 14.2 7.2 
 (a) Represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue. 
 (b) Represents total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenues less investment income. 

47 

Premiums Revenue 
 
 Consolidated premiums revenue increased 7.9 billion, or 9.9 , from 79.8 billion in the 2021 period to 87.7 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to individual Medicare Advantage and state-based contracts membership growth and higher per member individual Medicare Advantage and commercial fully-insured medical premiums, partially offset by declining year-over-year membership associated with the group commercial medical products and the phase-out of COVID-19 sequestration relief in the 2022 period. 
 Services Revenue 
 Consolidated services revenue increased 1.7 billion, or 56.3 , from 3.1 billion in the 2021 period to 4.8 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to the impact of our home solutions revenues which reflect the acquisition of the remaining 60 interest in KAH during August 2021 partially offset by the divestiture of the 60 ownership interest in KAH Hospice during August 2022. 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income increased 195 million, or 104.3 , from 187 million in the 2021 period to 382 million in the 2022 period p rimarily due to lower mark to market losses on our publicly traded equity securities during the 2022 period compared to the 2021 period. 
 Benefits Expense 
 Consolidated benefits expense increased 6.5 billion, or 9.4 , from 69.2 billion in the 2021 period to 75.7 billion in the 2022 period. The consolidated benefit ratio decreased 40 basis points from 86.7 in the 2021 period to 86.3 in the 2022 period primarily due to higher per member individual Medicare Advantage premiums and lower inpatient utilization associated with the individual Medicare Advantage business. These factors were partially offset by lower favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development. Further, the 2022 period ratio reflects a shift in line of business mix, with continued growth in certain government programs, which carry a higher benefits expense ratio, combined with a decline in Medicare stand-alone PDP, which has a lower benefits expense ratio. 
 Consolidated benefits expense included 415 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2022 period and 825 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period. Prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 50 basis points in the 2022 period and decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period. 
 Operating Costs 
 Our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. We allocate the indirect costs shared by the segments primarily as a function of revenues. As a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent. 
 Consolidated operating costs increased 2.6 billion, or 25.2 , from 10.1 billion in the 2021 period to 12.7 billion in the 2022 period. The consolidated operating cost ratio increased 150 basis points from 12.2 in the 2021 period to 13.7 in the 2022 period. The ratio increase was primarily due to the impact of the consolidation of KAH operations, which have a significantly higher operating cost ratio than our historical consolidated operating cost ratio, the net impact of charges associated with initiatives undertaken associated with our value creation initiatives, as well as the impact of higher marketing spend in 2022 to support individual Medicare Advantage growth. These increases were partially offset by scale efficiencies associated with growth in individual Medicare Advantage membership. 

48 

Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 113 million, or 19.0 , from 596 million in the 2021 period to 709 million in the 2022 period primarily due to capital expenditures. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 75 million, or 23.0 , from 326 million in the 2021 period to 401 million in the 2022 period primarily due to higher average borrowings outstanding partially offset by lower interest rates. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rate during 2022 was 21.4 compared to the effective tax rate of 14.2 in 2021. The year-over-year increase in the effective income tax rates is primarily due to the impact of the August 2021 acquisition of the remaining 60 interest in KAH. In that period, we recognized a 1.1 billion mark-to-market gain related to our previously held 40 investment in KAH. This unrealized gain was not taxable, thereby reducing the effective income tax rate for the 2021 period. The increase is partially offset by the August 2022 disposition of our 60 interest in KAH Hospice, which resulted in an increase to our tax basis in both the shares sold and the shares retained, thereby reducing the effective income tax rate for the 2022 period. For a complete reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the effective tax rate, refer to Note 12 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 

49 

Insurance Segment Change 2022 2021 Members Membership: Individual Medicare Advantage 4,565,600 4,409,100 156,500 3.5 Group Medicare Advantage 565,100 560,600 4,500 0.8 Medicare stand-alone PDP 3,551,300 3,606,200 (54,900) (1.5) Total Medicare 8,682,000 8,575,900 106,100 1.2 Medicare Supplement 313,600 331,900 (18,300) (5.5) Commercial fully-insured 556,300 674,600 (118,300) (17.5) Total fully-insured 869,900 1,006,500 (136,600) (13.6) Medicaid and other 1,137,300 940,100 197,200 21.0 Military services 5,959,900 6,049,000 (89,100) (1.5) ASO 430,100 495,500 (65,400) (13.2) Total Medical Membership 17,079,200 17,067,000 12,200 0.1 Total Specialty Membership 5,194,800 5,294,300 (99,500) (1.9) 
 Change 2022 2021 (in millions) Premiums and Services Revenue: Premiums: Individual Medicare Advantage 65,591 58,654 6,937 11.8 Group Medicare Advantage 7,297 6,955 342 4.9 Medicare stand-alone PDP 2,269 2,371 (102) (4.3) Total Medicare 75,157 67,980 7,177 10.6 Medicare Supplement 743 731 12 1.6 Commercial fully-insured 3,733 4,271 (538) (12.6) Total fully-insured 4,476 5,002 (526) (10.5) Medicaid and other 6,376 5,109 1,267 24.8 Specialty 1,703 1,731 (28) (1.6) Total premiums revenue 87,712 79,822 7,890 9.9 Services revenue 850 853 (3) (0.4) Total premiums and services revenue 88,562 80,675 7,887 9.8 Income from operations 3,022 2,412 610 25.3 Benefit ratio 86.6 87.2 (0.6) Operating cost ratio 10.4 10.3 0.1 
 
 Income from operations 
 Insurance segment income from operations increased 0.6 billion, or 25.3 , from 2.4 billion in the 2021 period to 3.0 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to the same factors impacting the segment's lower benefit ratio offset by the same factors impacting the segment's higher operating cost ratio as more fully described below. 
 
 50 

Enrollment 
 Individual Medicare Advantage membership increased 156,500 members, or 3.5 , from 4,409,100 members as of December 31, 2021 to 4,565,600 members as of December 31, 2022 primarily due to membership additions associated with the 2022 Annual Election Period, or AEP. The year-over-year growth was further impacted by continued enrollment resulting from special elections, age-ins, and Dual Eligible Special Need Plans, or D-SNP, membership. I ndividual Medicare Advantage membership includes 668,900 D-SNP members as of December 31, 2022, a net increase of 92,800 members, or 16.1 , from 576,100 members as of December 31, 2021. For the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership growth in our individual Medicare Advantage offerings of at least 625,000 members. 
 Group Medicare Advantage membership increased 4,500 members, or 0.8 , from 560,600 members as of December 31, 2021 to 565,100 members as of December 31, 2022 reflectin g smaller account sales and organic growth in concurrent accounts with no large accounts won or lost for the period. For the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership decline in our group Medicare Advantage offerings of approximately 60,000 members. 
 Medic are stand-alone PDP membership decreased 54,900 members, or 1.5 , from 3,606,200 members as of December 31, 2021 to 3,551,300 members as of December 31, 2022 primarily due to continued intensified competition for Medicare stand-alone PDP offerings. For the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership decline in our Medicare stand-alone PDP offerings of approximately 800,000 members. 
 Medicaid and other membership increased 197,200 members, or 21.0 , from 940,100 members as of December 31, 2021 to 1,137,300 members as of December 31, 2022 reflecting the suspension of state eligibility redetermination efforts due to the currently enacted public health emergency, or PHE . For the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership growth in our state-based contracts of approximately 25,000 to 100,000 members. 
 Commercial fully-insured medical membership decreased 118,300 members, or 17.5 , from 674,600 members as of December 31, 2021 to 556,300 members as of December 31, 2022 reflecting the impact of pricing discipline to address COVID-19 and improve profitability. 
 ASO commercial medical membership decreased 65,400 members, or 13.2 , from 495,500 members as of December 31, 2021 to 430,100 members as of December 31, 2022 reflecting continued intensified competition for small group accounts, partially offset by strong retention among large group accounts. For the full year 2023, we anticipate a net membership decline in our group commercial medical offerings, which includes fully-insured and ASO, of approximately 300,000 members. 
 Military services membership decreased 89,100 members, or 1.5 , from 6,049,000 members as of December 31, 2021 to 5,959,900 members as of December 31, 2022. Membership includes military service members, retirees, and their families to whom we are providing healthcare services under the current TRICARE East Region contract. 
 Specialty membership decreased 99,500 members, or 1.9 , from 5,294,300 members as of December 31, 2021 to 5,194,800 members as of December 31, 2022 primarily due to the loss of dental and vision groups cross-sold with medical, as reflected in the loss of group fully-insured commercial medical membership above. In addition, current membership reflects the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Premiums revenue 
 Insurance segment premiums revenue increased 7.9 billion, or 9.9 , from 79.8 billion in the 2021 period to 87.7 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to individual Medicare Advantage and state-based contracts membership growth and higher per member individual Medicare Advantage and commercial fully-insured medical premiums, partially offset by declining year-over-year membership associated with the group commercial medical products and the phase-out of COVID-19 sequestration relief in the 2022 period. 
 51 

Services revenue 
 Insurance segment services revenue decreased 3 million, or 0.4 , from 853 million in the 2021 period to 850 million in the 2022 period. 
 Benefits expense 
 The Insurance segment benefit ratio decreased 60 basis points from 87.2 in the 2021 period to 86.6 in the 2022 period primarily due to higher per member individual Medicare Advantage premiums and lower inpatient utilization associated with the individual Medicare Advantage business. These factors were partially offset by lower favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development. Further, the 2022 period ratio reflects a shift in line of business mix, with continued growth in certain government programs, which carry a higher benefits expense ratio, combined with a decline in Medicare stand-alone PDP, which has a lower benefits expense ratio. 
 The Insurance segment benefits expense included 415 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2022 period and 825 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period. Prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the Insurance's segment benefit ratio by approximately 50 basis points in the 2022 period and decreased the Insurance's segment benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period. 
 Operating costs 
 The Insurance segment operating cost ratio increased 10 basis points from 10.3 in the 2021 period to 10.4 in the 2022 period primarily due to strategic investments to position the segment for long-term success, including the impact of higher marketing spend in the 2022 period to support individual Medicare Advantage growth. These factors were partially offset by scale efficiencies associated with growth in the individual Medicare Advantage membership. 

52 

CenterWell Segment Change 2022 2021 Dollars Percentage (in millions) Revenues: Services: Home solutions 2,333 1,166 1,167 100.1 Pharmacy 1,025 623 402 64.5 Provider services 568 413 155 37.5 Total services revenue 3,926 2,202 1,724 78.3 Intersegment revenues: Home solutions 553 352 201 57.1 Pharmacy 9,841 9,024 817 9.1 Provider services 2,979 2,476 503 20.3 Total intersegment revenues 13,373 11,852 1,521 12.8 Total services and intersegment revenues 17,299 14,054 3,245 23.1 Income from operations 1,291 938 353 37.6 Operating cost ratio 91.5 92.3 (0.8) 
 Income from operations 
 CenterWell segment income from operations increased 353 million, or 37.6 , from 938 million in the 2021 period to 1.3 billion in the 2022 period primarily due primarily due to the same factors impacting the increase in services revenue and intersegment revenues as well as the same factors impacting the segment's lower operating cost ratio in the 2022 period as more fully described below. 
 Services revenue 
 CenterWell segment services revenue increased 1.7 billion, or 78.3 , from 2.2 billion in the 2021 period to 3.9 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to the impact of our home solutions revenues which reflect the acquisition of the remaining 60 interest in KAH during August 2021 partially offset by the divestiture of the 60 ownership interest in KAH Hospice during August 2022. 
 Intersegment revenues 
 CenterWell segment intersegment revenues increased 1.5 billion, or 12.8 , from 11.9 billion in the 2021 period to 13.4 billion in the 2022 period primarily due to individual Medicare Advantage membership growth, combined with the impact of greater mail-order pharmacy penetration for Medicare Advantage members, which lead to higher pharmacy revenues, as well as higher revenues associated with growth in our provider business. 
 Operating costs 
 The CenterWell segment operating cost ratio decreased 80 basis points from 92.3 in the 2021 period to 91.5 in the 2022 period primarily represents the consolidation of KAH operations for the entire 2022 period compared to the partial 2021 period due to timing of the previously disclosed transaction. The KAH operations have a lower operating cost ratio than other businesses within the segment. The year-over-year favorability was further impacted by our pharmacy operations partially offset by investments in KAH to abate the pressures of the current nursing labor environment as well as the divestiture of the 60 interest in KAH Hospice during August 2022. 
 
 53 

Comparison of Results of Operations for 2021 and 2020 
 Certain financial data on a consolidated basis and for our segments reflect our segment realignment and are recast as follows for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020: 
 Consolidated 
 Change 2021 2020 Dollars Percentage (dollars in millions, except per common share results) Revenues: Premiums: Insurance 79,822 73,584 6,238 8.5 Corporate 602 (602) (100.0) Total premiums revenue 79,822 74,186 5,636 7.6 Services: Insurance 853 813 40 4.9 CenterWell 2,202 1,002 1,200 119.8 Total services revenue 3,055 1,815 1,240 68.3 Investment income 187 1,154 (967) (83.8) Total revenues 83,064 77,155 5,909 7.7 Operating expenses: Benefits 69,199 61,628 7,571 12.3 Operating costs 10,121 10,052 69 0.7 Depreciation and amortization 596 489 107 21.9 Total operating expenses 79,916 72,169 7,747 10.7 Income from operations 3,148 4,986 (1,838) (36.9) Interest expense 326 283 43 15.2 Other (income) expense, net (532) 103 635 616.5 Income before income taxes and equity in net earnings 3,354 4,600 (1,246) (27.1) Provision for income taxes 485 1,307 (822) (62.9) Equity in net earnings 65 74 (9) (12.2) Net income 2,934 3,367 (433) (12.9) Diluted earnings per common share 22.67 25.31 (2.64) (10.4) Benefit ratio (a) 86.7 83.1 3.6 Operating cost ratio (b) 12.2 13.2 (1.0) Effective tax rate 14.2 28.0 (13.8) 
 (a) Represents total benefits expense as a percentage of premiums revenue. 
 (b) Represents total operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, as a percentage of total revenues less investment income. 

54 

Premiums Revenue 
 
 Consolidated premiums increased 5.6 billion, or 7.6 , from 74.2 billion in the 2020 period to 79.8 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher premium revenues from Medicare Advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, higher per member Medicare Advantage premiums as a result of the improving CMS benchmark rate for 2021, net of Medicare Risk Adjustment (MRA) headwinds resulting from COVID-19 related utilization disruption in 2020, as well as the additional quarter impact of Medicare sequestration relief in 2021 that was not enacted until the second quarter of 2020. These increases were partially offset by declining stand-alone PDP, group commercial medical, and group Medicare Advantage membership, as well as the 2020 impact of the receipt of commercial risk corridor receivables previously written off. 
 Services Revenue 
 Consolidated services revenue increased 1.2 billion, or 68.3 , from 1.8 billion in the 2020 period to 3.1 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher home solutions revenues associated with consolidation of Kindred at Home earnings. 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income decreased 967 million, or 83.8 , from 1.2 billion in the 2020 period to 187 million in the 2021 period p rimarily due to a significant decrease in the fair value of our publicly-traded equity securities investments. 
 Benefits Expense 
 Consolidated benefits expense increased 7.6 billion, or 12.3 , from 61.6 billion in the 2020 period to 69.2 billion in the 2021 period. The consolidated benefit ratio increased 360 basis points from 83.1 in the 2020 period to 86.7 in the 2021 period. These increases reflect the termination in 2021 of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee which, along with a portion of the related tax benefit, was contemplated in the pricing and benefit design of our products, and COVID-19 impacts, including the impact of the deferral of non-essential care, net of meaningful COVID-19 treatment and testing costs, our pandemic relief efforts in 2020, as well as 2021 MRA headwinds resulting from this COVID-19 related utilization disruption in 2020. The year over year increase further reflects the 2020 impact of the receipt of commercial risk corridor receivables that were previously written off, and the 2021 impact a ssociated with the competitive nature of the group Medicare Advantage business, particularly in large group accounts that were recently procured, as well as in the stand-alone PDP business. These factors were partially offset by higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in 2021. 
 The higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. The suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the consolidated benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period versus approximately 40 basis points in the 2020 period. 
 Operating Costs 
 Our segments incur both direct and shared indirect operating costs. We allocate the indirect costs shared by the segments primarily as a function of revenues. As a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent. 
 Consolidated operating costs increased 0.07 billion, or 0.7 , from 10.05 billion in the 2020 period to 10.12 billion in the 2021 period. The consolidated operating cost ratio decreased 100 basis points from 13.2 in the 2020 period to 12.2 in the 2021 period. The ratio decrease was primarily due to the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021, as well as lower COVID-19 related administrative costs in 2021 compared to 2020. Administrative costs in 2020 included costs associated with personal protective equipment, member response efforts, and the build-out of infrastructure necessary to support employees working remotely. The decrease was 
 55 

further impacted by scale efficiencies associated with growth in our individual Medicare Advantage membership, operating cost efficiencies in 2021 from previously implemented productivity initiatives, as well as the impact of a 200 million contribution to the Humana Foundation in the first half of 2020 to support communities served by the Company, particularly those with social and health disparities. These factors were partially offset by the consolidation of Kindred at Home operations as the business has a significantly higher operating cost ratio than our historical consolidated operating cost ratio, continued strategic and technology modernization investments made to position us for long-term success, transaction and integration costs associated with the Kindred at Home transaction, as well as the 2020 impact of the receipt of the commercial risk corridor receivables that were previously written off. The non-deductible health insurance industry fee impacted the operating cost ratio by 160 basis points in the 2020 period. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization increased 107 million, or 21.9 , from 489 million in the 2020 period to 596 million in the 2021 period primarily due to capital expenditures. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense increased 43 million, or 15.2 , from 283 million in the 2020 period to 326 million in the 2021 period from borrowings to fund the KAH acquisition. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our effective tax rate during 2021 was 14.2 compared to the effective tax rate of 28.0 in 2020. The change was primarily due to the non-taxable gain we recognized on our previously held Kindred at Home equity method investment from our acquisition of the remaining ownership interest in the business in August 2021 and the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021. 

56 

Insurance Segment Change 2021 2020 Members Membership: Individual Medicare Advantage 4,409,100 3,962,700 446,400 11.3 Group Medicare Advantage 560,600 613,200 (52,600) (8.6) Medicare stand-alone PDP 3,606,200 3,866,700 (260,500) (6.7) Total Medicare 8,575,900 8,442,600 133,300 1.6 Medicare Supplement 331,900 335,600 (3,700) (1.1) Commercial fully-insured 674,600 777,400 (102,800) (13.2) Total fully-insured 1,006,500 1,113,000 (106,500) (9.6) Medicaid and other 940,100 772,400 167,700 21.7 Military services 6,049,000 5,998,700 50,300 0.8 ASO 495,500 504,900 (9,400) (1.9) Total Medical Membership 17,067,000 16,831,600 235,400 1.4 Total Specialty Membership 5,294,300 5,310,300 (16,000) (0.3) 
 Change 2021 2020 (in millions) Premiums and Services Revenue: Premiums: Individual Medicare Advantage 58,654 51,697 6,957 13.5 Group Medicare Advantage 6,955 7,774 (819) (10.5) Medicare stand-alone PDP 2,371 2,742 (371) (13.5) Total Medicare 67,980 62,213 5,767 9.3 Medicare Supplement 731 688 43 6.3 Commercial fully-insured 4,271 4,761 (490) (10.3) Total fully-insured 5,002 5,449 (447) (8.2) Medicaid and other 5,109 4,223 886 21.0 Specialty 1,731 1,699 32 1.9 Total premiums revenue 79,822 73,584 6,238 8.5 Services revenue 853 813 40 4.9 Total premiums and services revenue 80,675 74,397 6,278 8.4 Income from operations 2,412 3,120 (708) (22.7) Benefit ratio 87.2 84.1 3.1 Operating cost ratio 10.3 12.3 (2.0) 
 
 Income from operations 
 Insurance segment income from operations decreased 0.7 billion, or 22.7 , from 3.1 billion in the 2020 period to 2.4 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to the same factors impacting the segment's higher benefit ratio offset by the same factors impacting the segment's lower operating cost ratio as more fully described below. 
 
 57 

Enrollment 
 Individual Medicare Advantage membership increased 446,400 members, or 11.3 , from 3,962,700 members as of December 31, 2020 to 4,409,100 members as of December 31, 2021 primarily due to membership additions associated with the previous Annual Election Period, or AEP, and Open Election Period, or OEP, for Medicare beneficiaries. The membership growth was further impacted by continued enrollment resulting from special elections, age-ins, and Dual Eligible Special Need Plans, or D-SNP, members. The OEP sales period, which ran from January 1 to March 31, 2021 added approximately 36,000 members compared to the 2020 OEP that added approximately 30,000 members. I ndividual Medicare Advantage membership includes 576,100 D-SNP members as of December 31, 2021, a net increase of 170,000 members, or 42 , from 406,100 members as of December 31, 2020. 
 Group Medicare Advantage membership decreased 52,600 members, or 8.6 , from 613,200 members as of December 31, 2020 to 560,600 members as of December 31, 2021 primarily due to the net loss of certain large accounts in January 2021, partially offset by continued growth in small group accounts. 
 Medic are stand-alone PDP membership decreased 260,500 members, or 6.7 , from 3,866,700 members as of December 31, 2020 to 3,606,200 members as of December 31, 2021 primarily due to anticipated declines as a result of the Walmart Value plan no longer being the low cost leader in 2021. 
 Medicaid and other membership increased 167,700 members, or 21.7 , from 772,400 members as of December 31, 2020 to 940,100 members as of December 31, 2021 primarily reflecting additional enrollment as a result of the suspension of state eligibility redetermination efforts due to the currently-enacted Public Health Emergency, as well as our acquisition of the remaining 50 ownership interest in Wisconsin health care company iCare. 
 Commercial fully-insured medical membership decreased 102,800 members, or 13.2 , from 777,400 members as of December 31, 2020 to 674,600 members as of December 31, 2021 reflecting lower small group quoting activity and sales attributable to depressed economic activity from the COVID-19 pandemic, partially offset by higher retention of existing customers, particularly in larger groups. The portion of commercial fully-insured medical membership in small group accounts was approximately 50 at December 31, 2021 and 54 at December 31, 2020. 
 ASO commercial medical membership decreased 9,400 members, or 1.9 , from 504,900 members as of December 31, 2020 to 495,500 members as of December 31, 2021. S mall group membership comprised 43 of ASO commercial medical membership at December 31, 2021 and 45 at December 31, 2020. The membership change reflects intensified competition for small group accounts, partially offset by strong retention among large group accounts. 
 Military services membership increased 50,300 members, or 0.8 , from 5,998,700 members as of December 31, 2020 to 6,049,000 members as of December 31, 2021. Membership includes military service members, retirees, and their families to whom we are providing healthcare services under the current TRICARE East Region contract. 
 Specialty membership decreased 16,000 members, or 0.3 , from 5,310,300 members as of December 31, 2020 to 5,294,300 members as of December 31, 2021 primarily due to the loss of dental and vision groups cross-sold with medical, as reflected in the loss of commercial fully-insured medical membership described above. The decrease also reflects the impact of the economic downturn driven by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Premiums revenue 
 Insurance segment premiums increased 6.2 billion, or 8.5 , from 73.6 billion in the 2020 period to 79.8 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher premium revenues from Medicare Advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, higher per member Medicare Advantage premiums as a result of the improving CMS benchmark rate for 2021, net of Medicare Risk Adjustment (MRA) headwinds resulting from COVID-19 related 
 58 

utilization disruption in 2020, as well as the additional quarter impact of Medicare sequestration relief in 2021 that was not enacted until the second quarter of 2020. These increases were partially offset by declining Medicare stand-alone PDP, commercial fully insured, and group Medicare Advantage membership. 
 Services revenue 
 Insurance segment services revenue increased 40 million, or 4.9 , from 813 million in the 2020 period to 853 million in the 2021 period primarily due to higher TRICARE services revenue partially offset by lower ASO membership described previously. 
 Benefits expense 
 The Insurance segment benefit ratio increased 310 basis points from 84.1 in the 2020 period to 87.2 in the 2021 period. This increase reflects the termination in 2021 of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee which, along with a portion of the related tax benefit, was contemplated in the pricing and benefit design of our products, and COVID-19 impacts, including the impact of the deferral of non-essential care, net of meaningful COVID-19 treatment and testing costs, our pandemic relief efforts in 2020, as well as 2021 MRA headwinds resulting from this COVID-19 related utilization disruption in 2020. The year over year increase further reflects the 2021 impact associated with the competitive nature of the group Medicare Advantage business, particularly in large group accounts that were recently procured, as well as in the stand-alone PDP business. These factors were partially offset by higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in 2021. 
 The Insurance segment benefits expense included 825 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period and 313 million of favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development in the 2021 period. Prior-period medical claims reserve development decreased the Insurance's segment benefit ratio by approximately 100 basis points in the 2021 period and decreased the Insurance's segment benefit ratio by approximately 40 basis points in the 2020 period. 
 The higher favorable prior-period medical claims reserve development was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. The suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Operating costs 
 The Insurance segment operating cost ratio decreased 200 basis points from 12.3 in the 2020 period to 10.3 in the 2022 period primarily due to the termination of the non-deductible health insurance industry fee in 2021, lower COVID-19 related administrative costs, as previously discussed, scale efficiencies associated with growth in our individual Medicare Advantage membership, as well as operating cost efficiencies driven by previously implemented productivity initiatives. These improvements were partially offset by continued strategic investments made in 2021 to position us for long-term success. The non-deductible health insurance industry fee impacted the operating cost ratio by 160 basis points in the 2020 period. 

59 

CenterWell Segment 
 Change 2021 2020 Dollars Percentage (in millions) Revenues: Services: Home solutions 1,166 107 1,059 989.7 Pharmacy 623 567 56 9.9 Provider services 413 328 85 25.9 Total services revenue 2,202 1,002 1,200 119.8 Intersegment revenues: Home solutions 352 279 73 26.2 Pharmacy 9,024 7,928 1,096 13.8 Provider services 2,476 2,268 208 9.2 Total intersegment revenues 11,852 10,475 1,377 13.1 Total services and intersegment revenues 14,054 11,477 2,577 22.5 Income from operations 938 624 314 50.3 Operating cost ratio 92.3 93.3 (1.0) 
 Income from operations 
 CenterWell segment income from operations increased 314 million, or 50.3 , from 624 million in the 2020 period to 938 million in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of Kindred at Home earnings, individual Medicare Advantage and state-based contracts membership growth leading to higher pharmacy revenues, higher revenues associated with growth in our provider business, as well as the factors that drove the segment declining operating cost ratio as more fully described below. 
 Services revenue 
 CenterWell segment services revenue increased 1.2 billion, or 119.8 , from 1.0 billion in the 2020 period to 2.2 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of Kindred at Home earnings. The 2021 period further reflects higher revenue from growth in the number of primary care clinics serving third party payors, and additional pharmacy revenues associated with the acquisition of Enclara which was closed during the first quarter of 2020. 
 Intersegment revenues 
 CenterWell segment intersegment revenues increased 1.4 billion, or 13.1 , from 10.5 billion in the 2020 period to 11.9 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to individual Medicare Advantage and state-based contracts membership growth, as well as higher revenues associated with our provider business. These increases were partially offset by the loss of intersegment revenues associated with the decline in stand-alone PDP and group Medicare Advantage membership as previously discussed. 
 60 

Operating costs 
 The CenterWell segment operating cost ratio decreased 100 basis points from 93.3 in the 2020 period to 92.3 in the 2021 period primarily due to consolidation of Kindred at Home operations which have a lower operating cost ratio than other businesses within the segment, the 2020 impact associated with COVID-19 administrative related costs, including expenses associated with additional safety measures taken for our pharmacy, provider, and home solutions teams who continued to provide services to members throughout the crisis, as well as operational improvements in our provider services business, largely related to Conviva, along with operating cost efficiencies driven by previously implemented productivity initiatives in 2021. The decrease further reflects the impact of additional investments in the segment's provider business during 2020 related to marketing and AEP initiatives. These decreases were partially offset by increased administrative costs in the pharmacy operations as a result of incremental spend to accelerate growth within the business, increased utilization levels in our provider business in 2021 compared to levels in 2020 amid the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as increased pharmacy labor-related overtime costs due to weather disruptions occurring in the first quarter of 2021. 

Liquidity 
 Historically, our primary sources of cash have included receipts of premiums, services revenue, and investment and other income, as well as proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, and borrowings. Our primary uses of cash historically have included disbursements for claims payments, operating costs, interest on borrowings, taxes, purchases of investment securities, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repayments on borrowings, dividends, and share repurchases. Because premiums generally are collected in advance of claim payments by a period of up to several months, our business normally should produce positive cash flows during periods of increasing premiums and enrollment. Conversely, cash flows would be negatively impacted during periods of decreasing premiums and enrollment. From period to period, our cash flows may also be affected by the timing of working capital items including premiums receivable, benefits payable, and other receivables and payables. Our cash flows are impacted by the timing of payments to and receipts from CMS associated with Medicare Part D subsidies for which we do not assume risk. The use of cash flows may be limited by regulatory requirements of state departments of insurance (or comparable state regulators) which require, among other items, that our regulated subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of capital and seek approval before paying dividends from the subsidiaries to the parent. Our use of cash flows derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as in our CenterWell segment, is generally not restricted by state departments of insurance (or comparable state regulators). 
 For additional information on our liquidity risk, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors in this 2022 Form 10-K. 
 Cash and cash equivalents increased to 5.1 billion at December 31, 2022 from 3.4 billion at December 31, 2021. The change in cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is summarized as follows: 
 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net cash provided by operating activities 4,587 2,262 5,639 Net cash used in investing activities (1,006) (6,556) (3,065) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (1,914) 3,015 (1,955) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 1,667 (1,279) 619 
 61 

Cash Flow from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows provided by operations of 4.6 billion in the 2022 period increased 2.3 billion from cash flows provided by operations of 2.3 billion in the 2021 period primarily due to higher earnings in 2022, exclusive of the gain on the sale of KAH Hospice recognized in the 2022 period and the gain on the KAH equity method investment recognized in the 2021 period, combined with positive working capital impacts in 2022, and the 2021 period impact associated with the pay down of claims inventory and capitation for provider surplus amounts earned in 2020 and additional provider support. 
 The most significant drivers of changes in our working capital are typically the timing of payments of benefits expense and receipts for premiums. Benefits expense includes claim payments, capitation payments, pharmacy costs net of rebates, allocations of certain centralized expenses and various other costs incurred to provide health insurance coverage to members, as well as estimates of future payments to hospitals and others for medical care and other supplemental benefits provided on or prior to the balance sheet date. For additional information regarding our benefits payable and benefits expense recognition, refer to Note 2 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 The detail of total net receivables was as follows at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 
 Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 (in millions) Medicare 1,260 1,214 928 46 286 Commercial and other 383 579 122 (196) 457 Military services 101 104 160 (3) (56) Allowance for doubtful accounts (70) (83) (72) 13 (11) Total net receivables 1,674 1,814 1,138 (140) 676 Reconciliation to cash flow statement: Change in receivables from disposition (acquisition) of business 194 (396) Change in receivables per cash flow statement resulting in 
 cash used by operations 
 54 280 
 The changes in Medicare receivables for both the 2022 period and the 2021 period reflect individual Medicare Advantage membership growth and the typical pattern caused by the timing of accruals and related collections associated with the CMS risk-adjustment model. The decrease in Commercial and other receivables and the allowance for doubtful accounts for 2022 primarily relates to the KAH Hospice disposition. The increase in Commercial and other receivables in 2021 primarily relates to the Kindred at Home acquisition. 
 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 During 2022, we acquired various businesses totaling to approximately 337 million, net of cash received. 
 During 2021, we acquired Kindred at Home and other primary care businesses for cash consideration of approximately 4.2 billion, net of cash received. 
 During 2020, we acquired Enclara Healthcare, a hospice, pharmacy and benefit provider, for cash consideration of approximately 709 million, net of cash received. 
 
 During 2022, we completed the sale of a 60 i nterest in Humana s Kindred at Home Hospice subsidiary, or KAH Hospice, to Clayton, Dubilier Rice, or CD R, for cash proceeds of approximately 2.7 billion, net of cash disposed, including debt repayments from KAH Hospice to Humana of 1.9 billion. In connection with the sale, we recognized a pre-tax gain, net of transaction costs, of 237 million which is reported as a gain on sale of KAH Hospice in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 62 

Our ongoing capital expenditures primarily relate to our information technology initiatives, support of services in our provider services operations including medical and administrative facility improvements necessary for activities such as the provision of care to members, claims processing, billing and collections, wellness solutions, care coordination, regulatory compliance and customer service. Total capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, were 1.1 billion, 1.3 billion and 964 million in the 2022, 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively. 
 
 Net purchases of investment securities were 2.3 billion, 1.1 billion, 1.4 billion in the 2022, 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 Our financing cash flows are significantly impacted by the timing of claims payments and the related receipts from CMS associated with Medicare Part D claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk. Monthly prospective payments from CMS for reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies are based on assumptions submitted with our annual bid. Settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies is based on a reconciliation made approximately 9 months after the close of each calendar year. Receipts from CMS associated with Medicare Part D claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk were higher than claim payments by 2 billion in the 2022 period and claim payments were higher than receipts from CMS associated with Medicare Part D claim subsidies for which we do not assume risk by 261 million and 938 million in the 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively. Our net payable from CMS for subsidies and brand name prescription drug discounts was 540 million at December 31, 2022 compared to a net receivable of 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Under our administrative services only TRICARE contract, reimbursements from the federal government exceeded health care costs payments for which we do not assume risk by 25 million in the 2022 period and health care costs payments for which we do not assume risk exceeded reimbursements from the federal government by 45 million and 1 million in the 2021 and 2020 periods, respectively. 
 In December 2022, we repaid 600 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.150 senior notes due on their maturity date of December 1, 2022 and 400 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.900 senior notes due on their maturity date of December 15, 2022. 
 In November 2022, we issued 500 million of 5.750 unsecured senior notes due March 1, 2028 and 750 million of 5.875 unsecured senior notes due March 1, 2033. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were 1.2 billion. 
 In March 2022, we issued 750 million of 3.700 unsecured senior notes due March 23, 2029. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were 744 million. 
 In August 2021, we issued 1.5 billion of 0.650 unsecured senior notes due August 3, 2023, 750 million of 1.350 unsecured senior notes due February 3, 2027 and 750 million of 2.150 unsecured senior notes due February 3, 2032. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were 2,984 million. 
 In December 2020, we repaid 400 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.500 senior notes due on their maturity date of December 15, 2020. 
 In March 2020, we issued 600 million of 4.500 senior notes due April 1, 2025 and 500 million of 4.875 senior notes due April 1, 2030. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions and offering expenses paid, were 1,088 million. 
 In August 2022, we repaid the 2.0 billion October 2021 Term Loan Agreement without a prepayment penalty due. 
 In October 2021, we entered into a 2.0 billion term loan agreement and applied the proceeds to finance the repayment in full of the outstanding assumed Kindred at Home debt. 
 63 

In August 2021, we borrowed 500 million under the delayed draw term loan agreement, which was used, in combination with other debt financing, to fund the approximate 5.8 billion transaction price of Kindred at Home. 
 
 In March 2020, we drew 1 billion on the existing term loan commitment at the time, which was repaid in November 2020. 
 
 We entered into a commercial paper program in October 2014. Net repayments from issuance of commercial paper were 376 million in 2022 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2022 was 1.5 billion. Net proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper were 352 million in 2021 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2021 was 1.2 billion. Net proceeds from issuance of commercial paper were 295 million in 2020 and the maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during 2020 was 600 million. 
 We repurchased common shares for 2.10 billion, 79 million and 1.82 billion in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, under share repurchase plans authorized by the Board of Directors and in connection with employee stock plans. 
 We paid dividends to stockholders of 392 million in 2022, 354 million in 2021, and 323 million in 2020. 
 The remainder of the cash used in or provided by financing activities in 2022, 2021, and 2020 primarily resulted from debt issuance costs, proceeds from stock option exercises and the change in book overdraft. 

Future Sources and Uses of Liquidity 
 Dividends 
 For a detailed discussion of dividends to stockholders, please refer to Note 16 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Stock Repurchases 
 For a detailed discussion of stock repurchases, please refer to Note 16 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Debt 
 For a detailed discussion of our debt, including our senior notes, term loans, credit agreement and commercial paper program, please refer to Note 13 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Liquidity Requirements 
 We believe our cash balances, investment securities, operating cash flows, and funds available under our credit agreement and our commercial paper program or from other public or private financing sources, taken together, provide adequate resources to fund ongoing operating and regulatory requirements, acquisitions, future expansion opportunities, and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months, as well as to refinance or repay debt, and repurchase shares. 
 
 Adverse changes in our credit rating may increase the rate of interest we pay and may impact the amount of credit available to us in the future. Our investment-grade credit rating at December 31, 2022 was BBB+ according to Standard Poor s Rating Services, or S P, and Baa3 according to Moody s Investors Services, Inc., or Moody s. A downgrade by S P to BB+ or by Moody s to Ba1 triggers an interest rate increase of 25 basis points with respect to 250 million of our senior notes. Successive one notch downgrades increase the interest rate an additional 25 basis points, or annual interest expense by 1 million, up to a maximum 100 basis points, or annual interest expense by 3 million. 
 
 64 

In addition, we operate as a holding company in a highly regulated industry. Humana Inc., our parent company, is dependent upon dividends and administrative expense reimbursements from our subsidiaries, most of which are subject to regulatory restrictions. We continue to maintain significant levels of aggregate excess statutory capital and surplus in our state-regulated operating subsidiaries. Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments at the parent company decreased to 0.9 billion at December 31, 2022 from 1.3 billion at December 31, 2021. This decrease primarily reflects common stock repurchases, repayment of the October 2021 Term Loan Agreement, repayment of maturing senior notes, capital expenditures, repayment of borrowings under the commercial paper program, capital contributions to certain subsidiaries, cash dividends to shareholders and acquisitions, partially offset by net proceeds from the senior notes, proceeds from the sale of investment securities, dividends from insurance subsidiaries, and cash from certain non-insurance subsidiaries within our CenterWell segment. Our use of operating cash derived from our non-insurance subsidiaries, such as our CenterWell segment, is generally not restricted by regulators. Our regulated insurance subsidiaries paid dividends to our parent company of 1.3 billion in 2022, 1.6 billion in 2021, and 1.3 billion in 2020. Subsidiary capital requirements from significant premium growth has impacted the amount of regulated subsidiary dividends over the last two years. Refer to our parent company financial statements and accompanying notes in Schedule I - Parent Company Financial Information. The amount of ordinary dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2023 is approximately 1.8 billion, in the aggregate. Actual dividends paid may vary due to consideration of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix. 
 Regulatory Requirements 
 For a detailed discussion of our regulatory requirements, including aggregate statutory capital and surplus as well as dividends paid from the subsidiaries to our parent, please refer to Note 16 to the to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were not involved in any special purpose entity, or SPE, transactions. For a detailed discussion of off-balance sheet arrangements, please refer to Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 For a detailed discussion of our guarantees and indemnifications, please refer to Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 Government Contracts 
 For a detailed discussion of our government contracts, including our Medicare, Military, and Medicaid and state-based contracts, please refer to Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements and accompanying notes requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. We continuously evaluate our estimates and those critical accounting policies primarily related to benefits expense and revenue recognition as well as accounting for impairments related to our investment securities, goodwill, indefinite-lived and long-lived assets. These estimates are based on knowledge of current events and anticipated future events and, accordingly, actual results ultimately may differ from those estimates. We believe the following critical accounting policies involve the most significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Benefits Expense Recognition 
 Benefits expense is recognized in the period in which services are provided and includes an estimate of the cost of services which have been incurred but not yet reported, or IBNR. Our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate within a level of confidence required by actuarial standards. For further discussion of our reserving methodology, including our use of completion and claims per member per month trend factors to estimate IBNR, refer to Note 2 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 
 The completion and claims per member per month trend factors are the most significant factors impacting the IBNR estimate. The portion of IBNR estimated using completion factors for claims incurred prior to the most recent two months is generally less variable than the portion of IBNR estimated using trend factors. The following table illustrates the sensitivity of these factors assuming moderately adverse experience and the estimated potential impact on our operating results caused by reasonably likely changes in these factors based on December 31, 2022 data: 
 Completion Factor (a): Claims Trend Factor (b): Factor Change (c) Decrease in Benefits Payable Factor Change (c) Decrease in Benefits Payable (dollars in millions) 0.90 588 3.50 479 0.80 522 3.25 445 0.70 457 3.00 411 0.60 392 2.75 376 0.50 326 2.50 342 0.40 261 2.25 308 0.30 196 2.00 274 0.20 131 1.75 239 0.10 65 1.50 205 0.05 33 1.25 171 0.03 16 1.00 137 
 (a) Reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at December 31, 2022 caused by changes in completion factors for incurred months prior to the most recent two months. 
 (b) Reflects estimated potential changes in benefits payable at December 31, 2022 caused by changes in annualized claims trend used for the estimation of per member per month incurred claims for the most recent two months. 
 (c) The factor change indicated represents the percentage point change. 
 The following table provides a historical perspective regarding the accrual and payment of our benefits payable. Components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated benefits expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. Refer to Note 11 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K for information about incurred and paid claims development as of December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of IBNR included within the net incurred claims amounts. 
 66 

2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Balances at January 1 8,289 8,143 6,004 Less: Reinsurance recoverables (68) Balances at January 1, net 8,289 8,143 5,936 Acquisitions 42 Incurred related to: Current year 76,105 70,024 61,941 Prior years (415) (825) (313) Total incurred 75,690 69,199 61,628 Paid related to: Current year (67,287) (62,149) (54,003) Prior years (7,428) (6,946) (5,418) Total paid (74,715) (69,095) (59,421) Reinsurance recoverable Balances at December 31 9,264 8,289 8,143 
 The following table summarizes the changes in estimate for incurred claims related to prior years attributable to our key assumptions. As previously described, our key assumptions consist of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. The amounts below represent the difference between our original estimates and the actual benefits expense ultimately incurred as determined from subsequent claim payments. 
 Favorable Development by Changes in Key Assumptions 2022 2021 2020 Amount Factor Change (a) Amount Factor Change (a) Amount Factor Change (a) (dollars in millions) Trend factors (387) (0.6) (361) (3.3) (167) (1.9) Completion factors (28) (464) (0.9) (146) (0.3) Total (415) (825) (313) 
 (a) The factor change indicated represents the percentage point change. 
 As previously discussed, our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for claims. Actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. We experienced favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of 415 million in 2022, 825 million in 2021, and 313 million in 2020. 
 The favorable medical claims reserve development for 2022, 2021, and 2020 primarily reflects the consistent application of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. In addition, the higher prior year favorable development for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. The suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Our favorable development for each of the years presented above is discussed further in Note 11 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 We continually adjust our historical trend and completion factor experience with our knowledge of recent events that may impact current trends and completion factors when establishing our reserves. Because our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best point estimate using an assumption of moderately adverse 
 67 

conditions as required by actuarial standards, there is a reasonable possibility that variances between actual trend and completion factors and those assumed in our December 31, 2022 estimates would fall towards the middle of the ranges previously presented in our sensitivity table. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We generally establish one-year commercial membership contracts with employer groups, subject to cancellation by the employer group on 30-day written notice. Our Medicare contracts with CMS renew annually. Our military services contracts with the federal government and certain contracts with various state Medicaid programs generally are multi-year contracts subject to annual renewal provisions. 
 We receive monthly premiums from the federal government and various states according to government specified payment rates and various contractual terms. We bill and collect premiums from employer groups and members in our Medicare and other individual products monthly. Changes in premium revenues resulting from the periodic changes in risk-adjustment scores derived from medical diagnoses for our membership are estimated by projecting the ultimate annual premium and recognized ratably during the year with adjustments each period to reflect changes in the ultimate premium. 
 Premiums revenue is estimated by multiplying the membership covered under the various contracts by the contractual rates. Premiums revenue is recognized as income in the period members are entitled to receive services, and is net of estimated uncollectible amounts, retroactive membership adjustments, and adjustments to recognize rebates under the minimum benefit ratios required under the Health Care Reform Law. We estimate policyholder rebates by projecting calendar year minimum benefit ratios for the small group and large group markets, as defined by the Health Care Reform Law using a methodology prescribed by HHS, separately by state and legal entity. Medicare Advantage products are also subject to minimum benefit ratio requirements under the Health Care Reform Law. Estimated calendar year rebates recognized ratably during the year are revised each period to reflect current experience. Retroactive membership adjustments result from enrollment changes not yet processed, or not yet reported by an employer group or the government. We routinely monitor the collectability of specific accounts, the aging of receivables, historical retroactivity trends, estimated rebates, as well as prevailing and anticipated economic conditions, and reflect any required adjustments in current operations. Premiums received prior to the service period are recorded as unearned revenues. 
 68 

Medicare Risk-Adjustment Provisions 
 CMS uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans according to health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (FFS) program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. For additional information, refer to Note 17 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" and Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of this Form 10-K. 
 Investment Securities 
 Investment securities totaled 14.3 billion, or 33 of total assets at December 31, 2022, and 14.0 billion, or 31 of total assets at December 31, 2021. The investment portfolio was primarily comprised of debt securities, detailed below, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. The fair value of investment securities were as follows at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 12/31/2022 Percentage of Total 12/31/2021 Percentage of Total (dollars in millions) U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government corporations and agencies: U.S. Treasury and agency obligations 1,039 7.3 602 4.3 Mortgage-backed securities 3,230 22.6 3,229 23.1 Tax-exempt municipal securities 728 5.1 841 6.0 Mortgage-backed securities: Residential 401 2.8 367 2.6 Commercial 1,399 9.8 1,410 10.1 Asset-backed securities 1,731 12.2 1,348 9.6 Corporate debt securities 5,726 40.2 5,700 40.8 Total debt securities 14,254 100.0 13,497 96.6 Common stock 7 475 3.4 Total investment securities 14,261 100.0 13,972 100.0 
 
 Approximately 96 of our debt securities were investment-grade quality, with a weighted average credit rating of AA- by S P at December 31, 2022. Most of the debt securities that were below investment-grade were rated BB-, the higher end of the below investment-grade rating scale. Tax-exempt municipal securities were diversified among general obligation bonds of states and local municipalities in the United States as well as special revenue bonds issued by municipalities to finance specific public works projects such as utilities, water and sewer, transportation, or education. Our general obligation bonds are diversified across the United States with no individual 
 69 

state exceeding 1 of our total debt securities. Our investment policy limits investments in a single issuer and requires diversification among various asset types. 
 Gross unrealized losses and fair values aggregated by investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a continuous unrealized loss position were as follows at December 31, 2022: 
 Less than 12 months 12 months or more Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses (in millions) U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government corporations and agencies: U.S. Treasury and agency obligations 512 (5) 397 (50) 909 (55) Mortgage-backed securities 1,231 (104) 1,683 (367) 2,914 (471) Tax-exempt municipal securities 64 (2) 615 (36) 679 (38) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential 124 (16) 274 (60) 398 (76) Commercial 243 (13) 1,157 (142) 1,400 (155) Asset-backed securities 620 (32) 1,011 (46) 1,631 (78) Corporate debt securities 1,625 (98) 3,825 (730) 5,450 (828) Total debt securities 4,419 (270) 8,962 (1,431) 13,381 (1,701) 
 
 Beginning on January 1, 2020, we adopted the new current expected credit losses, or CECL, model which retained many similarities from the previous other-than-temporary impairment model except eliminating from consideration in the impairment analysis the length of time over which the fair value had been less than cost. Also, under the CECL model, expected losses on available for sale debt securities are recognized through an allowance for credit losses rather than as reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. For debt securities whose fair value is less than their amortized cost which we do not intend to sell or are not required to sell, we evaluate the expected cash flows to be received as compared to amortized cost and determine if an expected credit loss has occurred. In the event of an expected credit loss, only the amount of the impairment associated with the expected credit loss is recognized in income with the remainder, if any, of the loss recognized in other comprehensive income. To the extent we have the intent to sell the debt security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the debt security before recovery of our amortized cost basis, we recognize an impairment loss in income in an amount equal to the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value. 
 
 Potential expected credit loss impairment is considered using a variety of factors, including the extent to which the fair value has been less than cost; adverse conditions specifically related to the industry, geographic area or financial condition of the issuer or underlying collateral of a debt security; changes in the quality of the debt security's credit enhancement; payment structure of the debt security; changes in credit rating of the debt security by the rating agencies; failure of the issuer to make scheduled principal or interest payments on the debt security and changes in prepayment speeds. For debt securities, we take into account expectations of relevant market and economic data. For example, with respect to mortgage and asset-backed securities, such data includes underlying loan level data and structural features such as seniority and other forms of credit enhancements. We estimate the amount of the expected credit loss component of a debt security as the difference between the amortized cost and the present value of the expected cash flows of the security. The present value is determined using the best estimate of future cash flows discounted at the implicit interest rate at the date of purchase. The expected credit loss cannot exceed the full difference between the amortized cost basis and the fair value. 
 The risks inherent in assessing the impairment of an investment include the risk that market factors may differ from our expectations, facts and circumstances factored into our assessment may change with the passage of time, or 
 70 

we may decide to subsequently sell the investment. The determination of whether a decline in the value of an investment is related to a credit event requires us to exercise significant diligence and judgment. The discovery of new information and the passage of time can significantly change these judgments. The status of the general economic environment and significant changes in the national securities markets influence the determination of fair value and the assessment of investment impairment. There is a continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and additional material realized losses from sales or expected credit loss impairments may be recorded in future periods. 
 
 All issuers of debt securities we own that were trading at an unrealized loss at December 31, 2022 remain current on all contractual payments. After taking into account these and other factors previously described, we believe these unrealized losses primarily were caused by an increase in market interest rates in the current markets since the time the debt securities were purchased. At December 31, 2022, we did not intend to sell any debt securities with an unrealized loss position in accumulated other comprehensive income, and it is not likely that we will be required to sell these debt securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. Additionally, we did not record any material credit allowances for debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position at December 31, 2022, 2021 or 2020. 
 Goodwill, Indefinite-lived and Long-lived Assets 
 At December 31, 2022, goodwill, indefinite-lived and other long-lived assets represented 33 of total assets and 92 of total stockholders equity, compared to 38 and 104 , respectively, at December 31, 2021. The decrease in goodwill, indefinite-lived and other long-lived assets is primarily attributable to our August 2022 sale of KAH Hospice. 
 For goodwill, we are required to test at least annually for impairment at a level of reporting referred to as the reporting unit, and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. A reporting unit either is our operating segments or one level below the operating segments, referred to as a component, which comprise our reportable segments. A component is considered a reporting unit if the component constitutes a business for which discrete financial information is available that is regularly reviewed by management. We are required to aggregate the components of an operating segment into one reporting unit if they have similar economic characteristics. Goodwill is assigned to the reporting unit that is expected to benefit from a specific acquisition. 
 We perform a quantitative assessment to review goodwill for impairment to determine both the existence and amount of goodwill impairment, if any. Our strategy, long-range business plan, and annual planning process support our goodwill impairment tests. These tests are performed, at a minimum, annually in the fourth quarter, and are based on an evaluation of future discounted cash flows. We rely on this discounted cash flow analysis to determine fair value. However outcomes from the discounted cash flow analysis are compared to other market approach valuation methodologies for reasonableness. We use discount rates that correspond to a market-based weighted-average cost of capital and terminal growth rates that correspond to long-term growth prospects, consistent with the long-term inflation rate. Key assumptions in our cash flow projections, including changes in membership, premium yields, medical and operating cost trends, and certain government contract extensions, are consistent with those utilized in our long-range business plan and annual planning process. If these assumptions differ from actual, including the impact of the Health Care Reform Law or changes in government reimbursement rates, the estimates underlying our goodwill impairment tests could be adversely affected. The fair value of our reporting units with significant goodwill exceeded carrying amounts by a substantial margin. However, unfavorable changes in key assumptions or combinations of assumptions including a significant increase in the discount rate, decrease in the long-term growth rate or substantial reduction in our underlying cash flow assumptions, including revenue growth rates, medical and operating cost trends, and projected operating income could have a significant negative impact on the estimated fair value of our home solutions and provider reporting units, which accounted for 4.3 billion and 1.1 billion of goodwill, respectively. Impairment tests completed for 2022, 2021, and 2020 did not result in an impairment loss. 
 Indefinite-lived intangible assets relate to Certificate of Needs (CON) and Medicare licenses acquired in connection with our August 2021 KAH acquisition with a carrying value of 1.4 billion at December 31, 2022. Like 
 71 

goodwill, we are required to test at least annually for impairment and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. These tests are performed, at a minimum, annually in the fourth quarter. If the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. Fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on the income approach. Impairment tests completed for 2022 did not result in a material impairment loss. These charges reflect the amount by which the carrying value exceeded its estimated fair value. Impairment tests completed for 2021 did not result in an impairment loss. The fair values of the assets were measured using Level 3 inputs, such as projected revenues and operating cash flows. 
 
 Long-lived assets consist of property and equipment and other definite-lived intangible assets. These assets are depreciated or amortized over their estimated useful life, and are subject to impairment reviews. We periodically review long-lived assets whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. In assessing recoverability, we must make assumptions regarding estimated future cash flows and other factors to determine if an impairment loss may exist, and, if so, estimate fair value. We also must estimate and make assumptions regarding the useful life we assign to our long-lived assets. If these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record impairment losses or change the useful life, including accelerating depreciation or amortization for these assets. Other than the 248 million of asset impairment charges as a result of our value creation initiatives as described in Footnote 2 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K, there were no other impairment losses in the last three years. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our earnings and financial position are exposed to financial market risk, including those resulting from changes in interest rates. 
 The level of our pretax earnings is subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates and the resulting impact on investment income and interest expense. In the past we have, and in the future we may enter into interest rate swap agreements depending on market conditions and other factors. Under the revolving credit agreements, at our option, we can borrow on either a competitive advance basis or a revolving credit basis. The revolving credit portion bears interest at either LIBOR plus a spread or the base rate plus a spread. The competitive advance portion of any borrowings will bear interest at market rates prevailing at the time of borrowing on either a fixed rate or a floating rate based on LIBOR, at our option. The revolving credit agreements provide for the transition from LIBOR and do not require amendment in connection with such transition. There were no borrowings outstanding under our credit agreements at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 Interest rate risk also represents a market risk factor affecting our consolidated financial position due to our significant investment portfolio, consisting primarily of fixed maturity securities of investment-grade quality with a weighted average S P credit rating of AA- at December 31, 2022. Our net unrealized position decreased 1.7 billion from a net unrealized gain position of 57 million at December 31, 2021 to a net unrealized loss position of 1.7 billion at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, we had gross unrealized losses of 1.7 billion on our investment portfolio primarily due to an increase in market interest rates since the time the securities were purchased. We did not record any material credit allowances for debt securities that were in an unrealized loss position during 2022 and 2021. While we believe that these impairments will be recovered and we currently do not have the intent to sell such securities, given the current market conditions and the significant judgments involved, there is a continuing risk that future declines in fair value may occur and material realized losses from sales or credit loss impairments may be recorded in future periods. 
 Duration is the time-weighted average of the present value of the bond portfolio s cash flow. Duration is indicative of the relationship between changes in fair value and changes in interest rates, providing a general indication of the sensitivity of the fair values of our fixed maturity securities to changes in interest rates. However, actual fair values may differ significantly from estimates based on duration. The average duration of our investment portfolio, including cash and cash equivalents, was approximately 3.2 years as of December 31, 2022 and 3.6 years 
 72 

as of December 31, 2021. Based on the duration including cash equivalents, a 1 increase in interest rates would generally decrease the December 31, 2022 fair value of our securities by approximately 603 million. 
 We have also evaluated the impact on our investment income and interest expense resulting from a hypothetical change in interest rates of 100, 200, and 300 basis points over the next twelve-month period, as reflected in the following table. The evaluation was based on our investment portfolio and our outstanding indebtedness at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our investment portfolio consists of cash, cash equivalents, and investment securities. The modeling technique used to calculate the pro forma net change in pretax earnings considered the cash flows related to fixed income investments and debt, which are subject to interest rate changes during a prospective twelve-month period. This evaluation measures parallel shifts in interest rates and may not account for certain unpredictable events that may affect interest income, including unexpected changes of cash flows into and out of the portfolio, changes in the asset allocation, including shifts between taxable and tax-exempt securities, spread changes specific to various investment categories and the mix of short-term versus long-term debt. In the past ten years, changes in 10 year US treasury rates during the year have not exceeded 300 basis points, have changed between 200 and 300 basis points once, have changed between 100 and 200 basis points four times, and have changed by less than 100 basis points five times. 
 Increase (decrease) in pretax earnings given an interest rate decrease of X basis points Increase (decrease) in pretax earnings given an interest rate increase of X basis points (300) (200) (100) 100 200 300 (in millions) As of December 31, 2022 Investment income (a) (276) (184) (92) 93 186 281 Interest expense (b) 56 37 19 (19) (37) (57) Pretax (220) (147) (73) 74 149 224 As of December 31, 2021 Investment income (a) (46) (29) (15) 71 142 213 Interest expense (b) 7 7 7 (35) (70) (105) Pretax (39) (22) (8) 36 72 108 
 (a) As of December 31, 2022, none of our investments had interest rates below 1 . As of December 31, 2021, some of our investments had interest rates below 1 , so the assumed hypothetical change in pretax earnings does not reflect the full 1 point reduction. 
 (b) The interest rate under our senior notes, which represent 90 of total debt, is fixed, unaffected by changes in interest rates. We had 500 million and 2.5 billion of variable rate term loans at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, used to fund the August 2021 KAH acquisition. There were no borrowings outstanding under the credit agreement at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. There was 595 million and 955 million outstanding under our commercial paper program at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, our interest rate under our commercial paper program was not less than 1 . As of December 31, 2021, our interest rate under our commercial paper program was less than 1 so the assumed hypothetical change in pretax earnings does not reflect the full 1 point reduction. 
 73 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Humana Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions, except share amounts) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investment securities Receivables, net of allowances of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Long-term investment securities Goodwill Equity method investments Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Benefits payable Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses Book overdraft Unearned revenues Short-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Stockholders' Equity: Preferred stock, par; shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock, 0.16 2/3 par; shares authorized; 
 shares issued at December 31, 2022 and shares issued at December 31, 2021 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 
 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 74 

Humana Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions, except per share results) Revenues: Premiums Services Investment income Total revenues Operating expenses: Benefits Operating costs Depreciation and amortization Total operating expenses Income from operations Gain on sale of KAH Hospice ) Interest expense Other expense (income), net ) Income before income taxes and equity in net (losses) earnings Provision for income taxes Equity in net (losses) earnings ) Net income Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Net income attributable to Humana Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 75 

Humana Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Net income attributable to Humana Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in gross unrealized investment (losses) gains ) ) Effect of income taxes ) Total change in unrealized investment (losses) gains, net of tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (gains) included in investment income ) ) Effect of income taxes ) Total reclassification adjustment, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to equity method investments Comprehensive income attributable to Humana 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 76 

Humana Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Common Stock Capital In Excess of Par Value Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Issued Shares Amount (dollars in millions, share amounts in thousands) Balances, January 1, 2020 ) Net income Impact of adopting accounting standard ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Common stock repurchases ) ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock unit vesting ) Stock option exercises Balances, December 31, 2020 ) Net income Acquisition Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock unit vesting ) Stock option exercises Balances, December 31, 2021 ) Net income ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest holders, net ) ) Sale of KAH Hospice ) ) Acquisition Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Restricted stock unit vesting ) Stock option exercises Balances, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 77 

Humana Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Gain on sale of KAH Hospice ) Loss (gain) on investment securities, net ) Gain on Kindred at Home equity method investment ) Equity in net losses (earnings) ) ) Stock-based compensation Depreciation Amortization Impairment of property and equipment (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect of businesses acquired and dispositions: Receivables ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Benefits payable Other liabilities Unearned revenues ) Other, net Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from sale of KAH Hospice, net Acquisitions, net of cash and cash equivalents acquired ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment, net ) ) ) Purchases of investment securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of investment securities Proceeds from sales of investment securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Receipts (withdrawals) from contract deposits, net ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net Repayment of senior notes ) ) (Repayments) proceeds from issuance of commercial paper, net ) Proceeds from term loan Repayment of term loan ) ) ) Debt issue costs ) ) Common stock repurchases ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Change in book overdraft ) Other, net Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 78 

Humana Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW (Continued) 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental cash flow disclosures: (in millions) Interest payments Income tax payments, net Details of businesses acquired in purchase transactions: Fair value of assets acquired, net of cash acquired Less: Fair value of liabilities assumed ) ) ) Less: Noncontrolling interests acquired ) ) Less: Remeasured existing Kindred at Home equity method investment ) Cash paid for acquired businesses, net of cash acquired 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the consolidated financial statements. 
 79 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 of our total premiums and services revenue from contracts with the federal government in 2022, including related to our federal government contracts with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, or CMS, to provide health insurance coverage for individual Medicare Advantage members in Florida. CMS is the federal government s agency responsible for administering the Medicare program. 
 
 Business Segment Realignment 
 During December 2022, we realigned our businesses into distinct segments: Insurance and CenterWell. The Insurance segment includes the businesses that were previously included in the Retail and Group and Specialty segments, as well as the Pharmacy Benefit Manager, or PBM, business which was previously included in the Healthcare Services segment. The CenterWell segment (formerly Healthcare Services) represents our payor-agnostic healthcare services offerings, including pharmacy dispensing services, provider services, and home services. In addition to the new segment classifications being utilized to assess performance and allocate resources, we believe this simpler structure will create greater collaboration across the Insurance and CenterWell businesses and will accelerate work that is underway to centralize and integrate operations within the organization. Prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2022 presentation. For a recast of prior period segment financial information, refer to Note 18 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Form 10-K. 

2. 
 80 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million included within operating costs in the consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. These charges primarily relate to million in asset impairments, including software and abandonment, and million of severance charges in connection with workforce optimization. The remainder of the charges primarily relate to external consulting fees. These charges were recorded at the corporate level and not allocated to the segments. 
 
 COVID-19 
 The emergence and spread of the novel coronavirus, or COVID-19, beginning in the first quarter of 2020 has impacted our business. During periods of increased incidences of COVID-19, a reduction in non-COVID-19 hospital admissions for non-emergent and elective medical care have resulted in lower overall healthcare system utilization. At the same time, COVID-19 treatment and testing costs increased utilization. During 2022, we experienced lower overall utilization of the healthcare system than anticipated, as the reduction in COVID-19 utilization following the increased incidence associated with the Omicron variant outpaced the increase in non-COVID-19 utilization. The significant disruption in utilization during 2020 also impacted our ability to implement clinical initiatives to manage health care costs and chronic conditions of our members, and appropriately document their risk profiles, and, as such, significantly affected our 2021 revenue under the risk adjustment payment model for Medicare Advantage plans. Finally, changes in utilization patterns and actions taken in 2020 and 2021 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time and shifting the timing of claim payments and provider capitation surplus payments, impacted our claim reserve development and operating cash flows for 2020 and 2021. 
 
 We paid the federal government billion for the annual health insurance industry fee attributed to calendar year 2020. 
 On November 2, 2017, we filed suit against the United States of America in the United States Court of Federal Claims, on behalf of our health plans seeking recovery from the federal government of approximately million in payments under the risk corridor premium stabilization program established under Health Care Reform, for years 2014, 2015 and 2016. On April 27, 2020, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the government is obligated to pay the losses under this risk corridor program and that Congress did not implicitly repeal the obligation under its appropriations riders. In September 2020, we received a million payment from the U.S Government pursuant 
 81 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million payment received from the U.S Government and approximately million in related fees and expenses are reflected in Premiums revenue and Operating costs, respectively, in our consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2020 and reported in the Corporate segment. 
 Receivables and Revenue Recognition 
 We generally establish commercial membership contracts with employer groups, subject to cancellation by the employer group on -day written notice. Our Medicare contracts with CMS renew annually. 
 82 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 on brand name prescription drugs for Part D plan participants in the coverage gap. These discounts are funded by CMS and pharmaceutical manufacturers while we administer the application of these funds. 
 83 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) Part D subsidy/discount reimbursements Net reimbursements (payments) ) ) 
 We do not recognize premiums revenue or benefit expenses for these subsidies or discounts. Receipt and payment activity is accumulated at the contract level and recorded in our consolidated balance sheets in other current assets or trade accounts payable and accrued expenses depending on the contract balance at the end of the reporting period. 
 Settlement of the reinsurance and low-income cost subsidies as well as the risk corridor payment is based on a reconciliation made approximately months after the close of each calendar year. Settlement with CMS for brand name prescription drug discounts is based on a reconciliation made approximately to months after the close of each calendar year. We continue to revise our estimates with respect to the risk corridor provisions based on subsequent period pharmacy claims data. See Note 7 for detail regarding amounts recorded to our consolidated balance sheets related to the risk corridor settlement and subsidies from CMS with respect to the Medicare Part D program. 
 84 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ) ) Health care cost reimbursements Net reimbursements (payments) ) ) 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, accounts receivable related to services were million and million, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had no material bad-debt expense and there were no material contract assets, contract liabilities or deferred contract costs recorded on the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The balance of pharmaceutical rebates receivable was billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

85 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 -year term and may be canceled upon days notice by the employer group. 
 to years for equipment, to years for computer software, and to years for buildings. Improvements to leased facilities are depreciated over the shorter of the remaining lease term or the anticipated life of the improvement. 
 We periodically review long-lived assets, including property and equipment and other definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Losses are recognized for a long-lived asset to be held and used in our operations when the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset are less than its carrying value. We recognize an impairment loss based on the excess of the carrying value over the fair value of the asset. A long-lived asset held for sale is reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. Depreciation expense is not recognized on assets held for sale. Losses are recognized for a long-lived asset to be abandoned when the asset ceases to be used. In addition, we periodically review the estimated lives of all long-lived assets for reasonableness. 
 
 Additional detail regarding our equity method investments is included in Note 4. 
 
 86 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion and billion of goodwill, respectively. Impairment tests completed for 2022, 2021, and 2020 did t result in an impairment loss. 
 Intangible assets with indefinite lives relate to Certificate of Needs (CON) and Medicare licenses acquired as part of our acquisition of Kindred at Home, or KAH, and are included within other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. See Note 3 for further information. We are required to annually compare the fair values of other indefinite-lived intangible assets to their carrying amounts. If the carrying amount of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. Fair values of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined based on the income approach. Impairment tests completed for 2022 did not result in a material impairment loss. These charges reflect the amount by which the carrying value exceeded its estimated fair value. Impairment tests completed for 2021 did not result in an impairment loss. The fair values of the assets were measured using Level 3 inputs, such as projected revenues and operating cash flows. 
 
 Definite-lived intangible assets primarily relate to acquired customer contracts/relationships and are included with other long-term assets in the consolidated balance sheets. Definite-lived intangible assets are amortized over the useful life generally using the straight-line method. We review definite-lived intangible assets for impairment under our long-lived asset policy. 

87 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 88 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 89 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

Additional detail regarding our stock-based compensation plans is included in Note 14. 
 Additional detail regarding earnings per common share is included in Note 15. 
 90 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of consolidated premiums and services revenue, is effective for us beginning with annual and interim periods in 2023 and is to be applied to contracts in force on the basis of their existing carrying value amounts at the beginning of the earliest period presented. The adoption of the new standard in 2023 did not have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 
 
 There are no other recently issued accounting standards that apply to us or that are expected to have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. 

91 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 3. 
 i nterest in Humana s Kindred at Home Hospice subsidiary, or KAH Hospice, to Clayton, Dubilier Rice, or CD R, for cash proceeds of approximately billion, net of cash disposed, including debt repayments from KAH Hospice to Humana of billion. In connection with the sale, we recognized a pre-tax gain, net of transaction costs, of million which is reported as a gain on sale of KAH Hospice in the accompanying consolidated statement of income for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 In June 2022, we classified KAH Hospice as held-for-sale and aggregated KAH Hospice s assets and liabilities separately on the balance sheet. 
 Receivables, net of allowances Other current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Noncontrolling interest 
 
 Other assets included million identifiable intangibles consisting of Medicare licenses and CON. 
 
 Prior to the sale of a interest in KAH Hospice on August 11, 2022, as discussed above, KAH Hospice revenues and pretax earnings through the date of sale for the year ended December 31, 2022, were million and million, respectively. KAH Hospice revenues and pretax earnings for the year ended December 31, 2021, were million and million, respectively. 

92 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 interest in Kindred at Home, or KAH, the nation s largest home health and hospice provider, from TPG Capital, or TPG, and Welsh, Carson, Anderson Stowe, or WCAS, two private equity funds, for an enterprise value of billion, which included our equity value of billion associated with our minority ownership interest. The remeasurement to fair value of our previously held equity method investment with a carrying value of approximately billion, resulted in a billion gain recognized in "Other (income) expense, net". We paid the approximate billion transaction price (net of our existing equity stake) through a combination of debt financing, the assumption of existing KAH indebtedness and parent company cash. 
 Receivables Other current assets Property and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Other long-term assets Total assets acquired Current liabilities Long term debt Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Noncontrolling interests Net assets acquired 
 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020 we acquired other health and wellness related businesses which other than the impacts to goodwill, individually or in the aggregate, have not had a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. The results of operations and financial condition of these businesses have been included in our consolidated statements of income and consolidated balance sheets from the respective acquisition dates. Acquisition-related costs recognized in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020 were not material to our results of operations. For asset acquisitions the goodwill acquired is partially amortizable as deductible expenses for tax purposes. The pro forma financial information assuming the acquisitions had occurred as of the beginning of the calendar year prior to the year of acquisition, as well as the revenues and earnings generated during the year of acquisition, were not material for disclosure purposes. 
 93 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 4. 
 investment in KAH using the equity method of accounting. Our share of income or loss was reported as equity in net (losses) earnings in our consolidated statements of income. 
 We completed the sale of a interest in KAH Hospice on August 11, 2022 and account for our minority ownership in hospice operations using the equity method of accounting. This investment was reflected in equity method investments in our December 31, 2022 consolidated balance sheet, with our share of income or loss reported as equity in net (losses) earnings in our consolidated statements of income. 
 Non-current assets Current liabilities Non-current liabilities Shareholders' equity 
 Statements of income August 11, 2022 through December 31, 2022 (in millions) Revenues Expenses Net income 
 Other insignificant equity method investments 
 In 2020, our Primary Care Organization entered into a strategic partnership with Welsh, Carson, Anderson Stowe, or WCAS, to accelerate the expansion of our primary care model. In May 2022, we established a second strategic partnership with WCAS to develop additional centers between 2023 and 2025. As of December 31, 2022, there were primary care clinics operating under the partnership and we intend to open approximately additional primary clinics in future periods under the existing arrangements. In addition, the agreements include a series of put and call options through which WCAS may require us to purchase their interest in the entity, and through which we may acquire WCAS s interest, over the next to years. 
 We have several individually immaterial equity method investments, including our strategic partnership with WCAS as described above, included within equity method investments in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 with our share of income or loss reported as equity in net (losses) earnings in our consolidated statements of income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 94 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 5. 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Tax-exempt municipal securities ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential ) Commercial ) Asset-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total debt securities ) Common stock Total investment securities December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government corporations and agencies: U.S. Treasury and agency obligations ) Mortgage-backed securities ) Tax-exempt municipal securities ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential ) Commercial ) Asset-backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) Total debt securities ) Common stock Total investment securities 
 
 95 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. 
 ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Tax-exempt municipal securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential ) ) ) Commercial ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Total debt securities ) ) ) December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government corporations and agencies: U.S. Treasury and agency obligations ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Tax-exempt municipal securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities: Residential ) ) Commercial ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Total debt securities ) ) ) 
 Approximately of our debt securities were investment-grade quality, with a weighted average credit rating of AA- by S P at December 31, 2022. Most of the debt securities that were below investment-grade were rated BB-, the higher end of the below investment-grade rating scale. Tax-exempt municipal securities were diversified among general obligation bonds of states and local municipalities in the United States as well as special revenue bonds issued by municipalities to finance specific public works projects such as utilities, water and sewer, transportation, or education. Our general obligation bonds are diversified across the United States with no individual state exceeding of our total debt securities. Our investment policy limits investments in a single issuer and requires diversification among various asset types. 
 Our unrealized loss from all debt securities was generated from approximately positions out of a total of approximately positions at December 31, 2022. All issuers of debt securities we own that were trading at an 
 96 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Gross losses on investment securities ) ) ) Gross gains on equity securities Gross losses on equity securities ) ) Net recognized (losses) gains on investment securities ) )) ) Less: Net losses recognized on equity securities sold during the period ) ) Unrealized (losses) gains recognized on equity securities still held at the end of the period ) ) 
 All purchases of and proceeds from investment securities for the year ended December 31, 2020 relate to debt securities. 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage and asset-backed securities Total debt securities 

97 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 6. 
 Debt securities: U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government corporations and agencies: U.S. Treasury and agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Tax-exempt municipal securities Mortgage-backed securities: Residential Commercial Asset-backed securities Corporate debt securities Total debt securities Common stock Total invested assets December 31, 2021 Cash equivalents Debt securities: U.S. Treasury and other U.S. government corporations and agencies: U.S. Treasury and agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Tax-exempt municipal securities Mortgage-backed securities: Residential Commercial Asset-backed securities Corporate debt securities Total debt securities Common stock Total invested assets 

98 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, or of total invested assets, and million, or of total invested assets, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Total gains or losses: Realized in earnings Unrealized in other comprehensive income ) ) Purchases Sales Settlements Balance at December 31 
 Financial Liabilities 
 Our debt is recorded at carrying value in our consolidated balance sheets. The carrying value of our senior notes debt outstanding, net of unamortized debt issuance costs, was billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. The fair value of our senior note debt was billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. The fair value of our senior note debt is determined based on Level 2 inputs, including quoted market prices for the same or similar debt, or if no quoted market prices are available, on the current prices estimated to be available to us for debt with similar terms and remaining maturities. Carrying value approximates fair value for our term loans and commercial paper borrowings. The term loan and commercial paper borrowings were billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Put and Call Options Measured at Fair Value 
 Our put and call options associated with our equity method investments are measured at fair value each period using a Monte Carlo simulation. 
 Effective April 27, 2021, with the signing of the definitive agreement to acquire the remaining interest of KAH, the respective put and call options were terminated. As such, the million put and million call fair values as of the first quarter of 2021 were reduced to , resulting in million in other expense (income),net in our consolidated statements of income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 The put and call options fair values associated with our Primary Care Organization strategic partnership with WCAS, which are exercisable at a fixed revenue exit multiple and provide a minimum return on WCAS' investment if exercised, are measured at fair value each reporting period using a Monte Carlo simulation. The put and call options fair values, derived from the Monte Carlo simulation, were million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022. The put and call options fair values, derived from the Monte Carlo simulation, were million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2021. 
 The significant unobservable inputs utilized in these Level 3 fair value measurements (and selected values) include the enterprise value, annualized volatility and credit spread. Enterprise value was derived from a discounted cash flow model, which utilized significant unobservable inputs for long-term revenue, to measure underlying cash flows, weighted average cost of capital and long term growth rate. 
 99 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 - 
 Credit spread - 
 Revenue exit multiple x - x 
 x - x 
 Weighted average cost of capital - 
 Long term growth rate 
 The assumptions used for annualized volatility, credit spread and weighted average cost of capital reflect the lowest and highest values where they differ significantly across the series of put and call options due to their expected exercise dates. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis subject to fair value adjustment only in certain circumstances. As disclosed in Note 3, Acquisitions , we completed our acquisition of KAH during the third quarter of 2021. The net assets acquired and resulting goodwill and other intangible assets were recorded at fair value primarily using Level 3 inputs. The net tangible assets including receivables and accrued liabilities were recorded at their carrying value which approximated their fair value due to their short term nature. The fair value of goodwill and other intangible assets were internally estimated based on the income approach. The income approach estimates fair value based on the present value of cash flow that the assets could be expected to generate in the future. We developed internal estimates for expected cash flows in the present value calculation using inputs and significant assumptions that include historical revenues and earnings, long-term growth rate, discount rate, contributory asset charges and future tax rates, among others. The excess purchase price over the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired is recorded as goodwill. 
 As disclosed in Note 3, we completed the sale of a interest in KAH Hospice on August 11, 2022. The carrying value of the assets and liabilities of KAH Hospice disposed approximates fair value. The amount of goodwill included in the carrying value is based on the relative fair value of KAH Hospice as compared to the total fair value of our home solutions reporting unit included within the CenterWell segment. 
 
 Other than the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the KAH and other acquisitions in Note 3, there were no other material assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring or nonrecurring basis during 2022, 2021, or 2020. 

7. 
 
 100 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Trade accounts payable and accrued expenses ) ) ) ) Net current asset (liability) ) Other long-term assets Other long-term liabilities ) ) Net long-term liability ) ) Total net asset (liability) ) 

8. 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Equipment Computer software Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020, including amortization expense for capitalized internally developed and purchased software of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 

9. 
 
 Acquisitions Balance at December 31, 2021 Acquisitions Dispositions ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 
 101 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Medicare licenses Indefinite Customer contracts/relationships years Trade names and technology years Provider contracts years Noncompetes and other years Total other intangible assets years 
 Amortization expense for other intangible assets was approximately million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 

10. 
 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Operating lease liabilities included within trade accounts payable and accrued expenses in our consolidated balance sheets were million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Additionally, operating lease liabilities included within other long-term liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets were million and million at 
 102 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 million, million and million, respectively, and are included within operating costs in our consolidated statements of income. Short-term lease costs were not material for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. In addition, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, total variable operating lease costs were million, million and million, respectively, and are included within operating costs in our consolidated statements of income. 
 We sublease facilities or partial facilities to third party tenants for space not used in our operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, sublease rental income was million, million and million, respectively, and is included within operating costs in our consolidated statements of income. 
 The weighted average remaining lease term is years with a weighted average discount rate of at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities included within our operating cash flows was million, million and million, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 After 2027 Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities 
 
 As most of our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate, as adjusted for collateralized borrowings, based on the information available at date of adoption or commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. 

103 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

11. 
 Less: Reinsurance recoverables ) Balances at January 1, net Acquisitions Incurred related to: Current year Prior years ) ) ) Total incurred Paid related to: Current year ) ) ) Prior years ) ) ) Total paid ) ) ) Balances at December 31 
 The total estimate of benefits payable for claims incurred but not reported, or IBNR, is included within the net 
 incurred claims amounts. At December 31, 2022, benefits payable included IBNR of approximately billion, primarily associated with claims incurred in 2022. The cumulative number of reported claims as of December 31, 2022 was approximately million for claims incurred in 2022, million for claims incurred in 2021, and million for claims incurred in 2020. 
 Amounts incurred related to prior years vary from previously estimated liabilities as the claims ultimately are settled. Negative amounts reported for incurred related to prior years result from claims being ultimately settled for amounts less than originally estimated (favorable development). 
 As previously discussed, our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for claims. Actuarial standards require the use of assumptions based on moderately adverse experience, which generally results in favorable reserve development, or reserves that are considered redundant. We experienced favorable medical claims reserve development related to prior fiscal years of million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 The medical claims reserve development for 2022, 2021, and 2020 primarily reflects the consistent application of trend and completion factors estimated using an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. In addition, the higher prior year favorable development for the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily attributable to the reversal of actions taken in 2020, including the suspension of certain financial recovery programs for a period of time impacting our claim payment patterns. The suspension during 2020 was intended to provide financial and administrative relief for providers facing unprecedented strain as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 Incurred and Paid Claims Development 
 The following discussion provides information about incurred and paid claims development as of December 31, 2022, net of reinsurance, as well as cumulative claim frequency and the total of IBNR included within the net incurred claims amounts. The information about incurred and paid claims development for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 is presented as supplementary information. 
 104 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

2021 2022 Total 
 Cumulative Paid Claims, Net of Reinsurance For the Years Ended December 31, Claims Incurred Year 2020 Unaudited 2021 Unaudited 2022 (in millions) 2020 2021 2022 Total All outstanding benefit liabilities before 2020, net of reinsurance N/A Benefits payable, net of reinsurance 
 For additional information regarding our benefits payable and benefits expense recognition, refer to Note 2 to the audited Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" in this Form 10-K. 
 105 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 12. 
 States and Puerto Rico Total current provision Deferred (benefit) expense ) Provision for income taxes 
 States, net of federal benefit, and Puerto Rico Tax exempt investment income ) ) ) Nondeductible executive compensation Non-taxable KAH gain ) Tax effect from sale of KAH Hospice ) Health insurance industry fee Other, net ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Deferred income tax balances reflect the impact of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in our consolidated financial statements, and are stated at enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when the reported amounts are actually recovered or settled. 

106 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Compensation and other accrued expense Benefits payable Deferred acquisition costs Jobs tax credits Other Unearned revenues Investment securities Total deferred income tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred income tax assets, net of valuation allowance Depreciable property and intangible assets ) ) Prepaid expenses ) ) Investment securities ) Other ) ) Total deferred income tax liabilities ) ) Total net deferred income tax liabilities ) ) 
 All deferred tax liabilities and assets are classified as noncurrent in our consolidated balance sheets as other long-term liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately million of federal net operating losses and approximately billion of state and Puerto Rico net operating losses to carry forward. A portion of these loss carryforwards, if not used to offset future taxable income, will expire from 2031 through 2038. The balance of the net operating loss carryforwards has no expiration date. Due to limitations and uncertainty regarding our ability to use some of the loss carryforwards and certain other deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance of million was established. For the remainder of the net operating loss carryforwards and other cumulative temporary differences, based on our historical record of producing taxable income and profitability, we have concluded that future operating income will be sufficient to recover these deferred tax assets. 
 We file income tax returns in the United States and Puerto Rico. The U.S. Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, has completed its examinations of our consolidated income tax returns for 2020 and prior years. Our 2021 tax return is in the post-filing review period under the Compliance Assurance Process, or CAP. Our 2022 tax return is under advance review by the IRS under CAP. With a few exceptions, which are immaterial in the aggregate, we are no longer subject to state, local and foreign tax examinations for years before 2019. We are not aware of any material adjustments that may be proposed as a result of any ongoing or future examinations. We do not have material uncertain tax positions reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. 

107 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 13. 
 Senior notes: million, due August 3, 2023 
 million, due December 1, 2022 
 million, due December 15, 2022 
 Total senior notes Total short-term debt Long-term debt: Senior notes: million, due August 3, 2023 
 million, due October 1, 2024 
 million, due April 1, 2025 
 million due February 3, 2027 
 million, due March 15, 2027 
 million, due March 1, 2028 
 million, due March 23, 2029 
 million, due August 15, 2029 
 million, due April 1, 2030 
 million, due February 3, 2032 
 million, due March 1, 2033 
 million, due June 15, 2038 
 million, due December 1, 2042 
 million, due October 1, 2044 
 million, due March 15, 2047 
 million, due August 15, 2049 
 Term loans: Term loan, due October 29, 2023 Delayed draw term loan, due May 28, 2024 Total long-term debt 

108 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 
 Senior Notes 
 Our senior notes, which are unsecured, may be redeemed at our option at any time at of the principal amount plus accrued interest and a specified make-whole amount. The senior notes are subject to an interest rate adjustment if the debt ratings assigned to the notes are downgraded (or subsequently upgraded). In addition, our senior notes contain a change of control provision that may require us to purchase the notes under certain circumstances. 
 In December 2022, we repaid million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due on their maturity date of December 1, 2022 and million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due on their maturity date of December 15, 2022. 
 In November 2022, we issued million of unsecured senior notes due March 1, 2028 and million of unsecured senior notes due March 1, 2033. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were billion. We used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which included the repayment of existing indebtedness. 
 
 In March 2022, we issued million of unsecured senior notes due March 23, 2029. Our net proceeds, reduced for the underwriters' discounts and commissions paid, were million. We used the net proceeds for general corporate purposes, which included the repayment of existing indebtedness, including borrowings under our commercial paper program. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan Credit Agreement 
 In May 2021, we entered into a million unsecured delayed draw term loan credit agreement. Under the term loan credit agreement, loans bear interest at either LIBOR plus a spread or the base rate plus a spread. The loans under the term loan credit agreement mature on the third anniversary of the funding date. The LIBOR spread, currently basis points, varies depending on our credit ratings ranging from to basis points. The term loan credit agreement provides for the transition from LIBOR and does not require amendment in connection with such transition. 
 
 In August 2021, we borrowed million under the delayed draw term loan agreement, which was used, in combination with other debt financing, to fund the approximate billion transaction price of Kindred at Home. The term loan credit agreement contains customary restrictive covenants and a financial covenant regarding maximum debt to capitalization of , as well as customary events of default. We are in compliance with this financial covenant, with actual debt to capitalization of as measured in accordance with the term loan credit agreement as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 We have other customary relationships, including financial advisory and banking, with some parties to the term loan agreement. 

109 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion term loan credit agreement, which we refer to as the October 2021 Term Loan Agreement, with certain lending banks and other financial institutions. Proceeds of the October 2021 Term Loan Agreement were applied to finance the repayment in full of the outstanding KAH debt of billion. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, w e repaid the billion October 2021 Term Loan Agreement without a prepayment penalty due. 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreements 
 
 In June 2021, we entered into a -year, billion unsecured revolving credit agreement. Under the -year revolving credit agreement, at our option, we can borrow on either a competitive advance basis or a revolving credit basis. The revolving credit portion bears interest at either LIBOR plus a spread or the base rate plus a spread. The competitive advance portion of any borrowings will bear interest at market rates prevailing at the time of borrowing on either a fixed rate or a floating rate based on LIBOR, at our option. The revolving credit agreement provides for the transition from LIBOR and does not require amendment in connection with such transition. 
 
 In June 2022, we entered into a -day billion unsecured revolving credit agreement (replacing the -day billion unsecured revolving credit agreement entered in June 2021, which expired in accordance with its terms). Under the -day revolving credit agreement, at our option, we can borrow on either a competitive advance basis or a revolving credit basis. The revolving credit portion bears interest at Term SOFR or the base rate plus a spread. The competitive advance portion of any borrowings will bear interest at market rates prevailing at the time of borrowing on either a fixed rate or a floating rate based Term SOFR, at our option. 
 
 The LIBOR spread, currently basis points under the -year revolving credit agreements and the SOFR spread, currently basis points under the -day revolving credit agreement, varies depending on our credit ratings ranging from to basis points under the -year revolving credit agreement and from to basis points under the -day revolving credit agreement. We also pay an annual facility fee regardless of utilization. This facility fee, currently basis points, under the -year revolving credit agreement and basis points under the -day revolving agreement, varies depending on our credit ratings ranging from to basis points under the -year revolving credit agreement and from to basis points under the -day revolving credit agreement. 
 The terms of the revolving credit agreements include standard provisions related to conditions of borrowing which could limit our ability to borrow additional funds. In addition, the credit agreements contain customary restrictive covenants and a financial covenant regarding maximum debt to capitalization of , as well as customary events of default. We are in compliance with this financial covenant, with actual debt to capitalization of as measured in accordance with the revolving credit agreements as of December 31, 2022. Upon our agreement with one or more financial institutions, we may expand the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit agreements by up to million in the aggregate, to a maximum of billion, across the -year and -day revolving credit agreements. 
 110 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 borrowings and approximately million of letters of credit outstanding under the revolving credit agreements, including those of KAH. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, we had billion of remaining borrowing capacity under the revolving credit agreement and billion of remaining borrowing capacity under the revolving credit agreement (which excludes the uncommitted million of incremental loan facilities), none of which would be restricted by our financial covenant compliance requirement. 
 
 We have other customary relationships, including financial advisory and banking, with some parties to the revolving credit agreements. 
 Commercial Paper 
 Under our commercial paper program we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes privately placed on a discount basis through certain broker dealers at any time. On February 10, 2022, we increased the size of our commercial paper program to permit the issuance of commercial paper notes in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed billion compared to the prior amount not to exceed billion. Amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. The net proceeds of issuances have been and are expected to be used for general corporate purposes. The maximum principal amount outstanding at any one time during the year ended December 31, 2022 was million, with million outstanding at December 31, 2022 compared to million outstanding at December 31, 2021. The outstanding commercial paper at December 31, 2022 had a weighted average annual interest rate of . 
 Other Short-term Borrowings 
 We are a member, through one subsidiary, of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati, or FHLB. As a member we have the ability to obtain short-term cash advances, subject to certain minimum collateral requirements. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we had outstanding short-term FHLB borrowings 

14. 
 million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. The Company s cash match is invested pursuant to the participant s contribution direction. Based on the closing price of our common stock of on December 31, 2022, approximately of the retirement and savings plan s assets were invested in our common stock, or approximately million shares, representing approximately of the shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022, approximately million shares of our common stock were reserved for issuance under our defined contribution retirement savings plans. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We have plans under which options to purchase our common stock and restricted stock units have been granted to executive officers, directors and key employees. Awards generally require both a change in control and termination of employment within years of the date of the change in control to accelerate the vesting, including those granted to retirement-eligible participants. 
 The terms and vesting schedules for stock-based awards vary by type of grant. Generally, the awards vest upon time-based conditions. We have also granted awards to certain employees that vest upon a combination of time and performance-based conditions. The stock awards of retirement-eligible participants are generally earned ratably over the service period for each tranche. Accordingly, upon retirement the earned portion of the current tranche will continue to vest on the originally scheduled vest date and any remaining unearned portion of the award will be forfeited. Our equity award program includes a retirement provision that generally treats employees with a combination of age and years of services with the Company totaling or greater, with a minimum required age of 
 111 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 and a minimum requirement of years of service, as retirement-eligible. Upon exercise, stock-based compensation awards are settled with authorized but unissued company stock or treasury stock. 
 Stock options Total stock-based compensation expense Tax benefit recognized ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense, net of tax 
 The tax benefit recognized in our consolidated financial statements is based on the amount of compensation expense recorded for book purposes, subject to limitations on the deductibility of annual compensation in excess of 500,000 per employee as mandated by the Health Care Reform Law. The actual tax benefit realized in our tax return is based on the intrinsic value, or the excess of the market value over the exercise or purchase price, of stock options exercised and restricted stock vested during the period, subject to limitations on the deductibility of annual compensation in excess of 500,000 per employee as mandated by the Health Care Reform Law. The actual tax benefit realized for the deductions taken on our tax returns from option exercises and restricted stock vesting totaled million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. There was capitalized stock-based compensation expense during these years. 
 At December 31, 2022, there were million shares reserved for stock award plans under the Humana Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan, or 2011 Plan, and million shares reserved for stock award plans under the Humana Inc. 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, or 2019 Plan. These reserved shares included giving effect to, under the 2011 Plan, million shares of common stock available for future grants assuming all stock options were granted or million shares available for future grants assuming all restricted stock were granted. These reserved shares included giving effect to, under the 2019 Plan, million shares of common stock available for future grants assuming all stock options were granted or million shares available for future grants assuming all restricted stock were granted. Shares may be issued from authorized but unissued company stock or treasury stock. 
 112 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 period from the date of grant. Certain of our restricted stock grants also include performance-based conditions generally associated with return on invested capital and strategic membership growth. Restricted stock units have forfeitable dividend equivalent rights equal to the dividend paid on common stock. The weighted-average grant date fair value of our restricted stock was in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested restricted stock at December 31, 2022 
 Approximately of the nonvested restricted stock at December 31, 2022 included performance-based conditions. 
 The fair value of shares vested was million during 2022, million during 2021, and million during 2020. Total compensation expense not yet recognized related to nonvested restricted stock was million at December 31, 2022. We expect to recognize this compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately years. There are no other contractual terms covering restricted stock once vested. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. Our stock plans, as approved by the Board of Directors and stockholders, define fair market value as the average of the highest and lowest stock prices reported on the composite tape by the New York Stock Exchange on a given date. Exercise provisions vary, but most options vest in whole or in part to years after grant and expire years after grant. 
 The weighted-average fair value of each option granted during 2022, 2021, and 2020 is provided below. 
 Expected option life (years) years years years Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate at grant date Dividend yield 
 We calculate the expected term for our employee stock options based on historical employee exercise behavior and base the risk-free interest rate on a traded zero-coupon U.S. Treasury bond with a term substantially equal to the option s expected term. 
 113 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, outstanding stock options, substantially all of which are expected to vest, had an aggregate intrinsic value of million, and a weighted-average remaining contractual term of years. As of December 31, 2022, exercisable stock options had an aggregate intrinsic value of million, and a weighted-average remaining contractual term of years. The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during 2022 was million, compared with million during 2021 and million during 2020. Cash received from stock option exercises totaled million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Total compensation expense not yet recognized related to nonvested options was million at December 31, 2022. We expect to recognize this compensation expense over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 

15. 
 Weighted-average outstanding shares of common stock used to compute basic earnings per common share Dilutive effect of: Employee stock options Restricted stock Shares used to compute diluted earnings per common share Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Number of antidilutive stock options and restricted stock awards excluded from computation 

114 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 16. 
 2021 2022 
 
 In October 2022, the Board declared a cash dividend of per share payable on January 27, 2023 to stockholders of record on December 30, 2022 for an aggregate amount of million. In February 2023, the Board declared a cash dividend of per share payable on April 28, 2023 to stockholders of record on March 31, 2023. Declaration and payment of future quarterly dividends is at the discretion of our Board and may be adjusted as business needs or market conditions change. 
 
 Stock Repurchases 
 Our Board of Directors may authorize the purchase of our common shares. Under our share repurchase authorization, shares may have been purchased from time to time at prevailing prices in the open market, by block purchases, through plans designed to comply with Rule 10b5-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or in privately-negotiated transactions (including pursuant to accelerated share repurchase agreements with investment banks), subject to certain regulatory restrictions on volume, pricing, and timing. 
 On December 22, 2020, we entered into separate accelerated stock repurchase agreements, ("the December 2020 ASR Agreements"), with Citibank, N.A., or Citi, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, or JPM, to repurchase billion of our common stock as part of the billion repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on July 30, 2019. On December 23, 2020, in accordance with the December 2020 ASR Agreements, we made a payment of billion million to Citi and million to JPM) and received an initial delivery of million shares of our common stock million shares each from Citi and JPM). We recorded the payments to Citi and JPM as a reduction to stockholders equity, consisting of an billion increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of the initial million shares received upon initial settlement, and a million decrease in capital in excess of par value, which reflects the value of stock held back by Citi and JPM pending final settlement of the December 2020 ASR Agreements. Upon final settlement of the December 2020 ASR agreements with Citi and JPM on May 4, 2021 and May 5, 2021, respectively, we received an additional million shares and million shares, respectively, as determined by the average daily volume weighted-averages share price of our common stock during the term of the agreement, less a discount, of and , respectively, bringing the total shares received under the December 2020 ASR agreements to million. In addition, upon settlement we reclassified the million value of stock initially held back by Citi and JPM from capital in excess of par value to treasury stock. 
 On February 18, 2021, the Board of Directors replaced the previous share repurchase authorization of up to billion (of which approximately billion remained unused) with a new authorization for repurchases of up to billion of our common shares exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, expiring as of February 18, 2024. 
 
 On January 11, 2022, we entered into separate accelerated stock repurchase agreements, the January 2022 ASR Agreements, with Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, or Mizuho, and Wells Fargo Bank, or Wells Fargo, to repurchase billion of our common stock as part of the billion repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on February 18, 2021. On January 12, 2022, in accordance with the January 2022 ASR Agreements, we made a 
 115 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion million to Mizuho and million to Wells Fargo) and received an initial delivery of million shares of our common stock million shares each from Mizuho and Wells Fargo). We recorded the payments to Mizuho and Wells Fargo as a reduction to stockholders equity, consisting of an million increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of the initial million shares received upon initial settlement, and a million decrease in capital in excess of par value, which reflects the value of stock held back by Mizuho and Wells Fargo pending final settlement of the January 2022 ASR Agreements. Upon final settlement of the January 2022 ASR Agreements with Mizuho and Wells Fargo on March 29, 2022 and March 30, 2022, respectively, we received an additional million shares and million shares, respectively, as determined by the average daily volume weighted-averages share price of our common stock during the term of the agreement, less a discount, of and , respectively, bringing the total shares received under the January 2022 ASR Agreements to million. In addition, upon settlement we reclassified the million value of stock initially held back by Mizuho and Wells Fargo from capital in excess of par value to treasury stock. 
 On November 2, 2022, we entered into separate accelerated stock repurchase agreements, the November 2022 ASR Agreements, with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC, or Goldman Sachs, and Mizuho Markets Americas LLC, or Mizuho, to repurchase billion of our common stock as part of the billion repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors on February 18, 2021. In accordance with the November 2022 ASR Agreements, we made a payment of billion million to Goldman Sachs on November 3, 2022 and million to Mizuho on November 4, 2022) and received an initial delivery of million shares of our common stock million shares each from Goldman Sachs and Mizuho). We recorded the payments to Goldman Sachs and Mizuho as a reduction to stockholders equity, consisting of an million increase in treasury stock, which reflects the value of the initial million shares received upon initial settlement, and a million decrease in capital in excess of par value, which reflects the value of stock held back by Goldman Sachs and Mizuho pending final settlement of the November 2022 ASR Agreements. Upon final settlement of the November 2022 ASR Agreements with Goldman Sachs and Mizuho on December 15, 2022 and December 16, 2022, respectively, we received an additional million shares and million shares, respectively, as determined by the average daily volume weighted-averages share price of our common stock during the term of the agreement, less a discount, of and , respectively, bringing the total shares received under the November 2022 ASR Agreements to million. In addition, upon settlement we reclassified the million value of stock initially held back by Goldman Sachs and Mizuho from capital in excess of par value to treasury stock. 
 
 On February 15, 2023, the Board of Directors replaced the previous share repurchase authorization of up to billion (of which approximately billion remained unused) with a new authorization for repurchases of up to billion of our common shares exclusive of shares repurchased in connection with employee stock plans, expiring as of February 15, 2026. 
 
 July 2019 Total repurchases 
 
 In connection with employee stock plans, we acquired million common shares for million in 2022, million common shares for million in 2021, and million common shares for million in 2020. 
 116 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which exceeded aggregate minimum regulatory requirements of billion and billion, respectively. The amount of ordinary dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2023 is approximately billion in the aggregate. The amount, timing and mix of ordinary and extraordinary dividend payments will vary due to state regulatory requirements, the level of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix. Actual dividends that were paid to our parent company were approximately billion in 2022, billion in 2021, and billion in 2020. 

17. 
 million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, and million in 2027. Purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancellable without penalty. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As part of our ongoing business, we do not participate or knowingly seek to participate in transactions that generate relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, such as entities often referred to as structured finance or special purpose entities, or SPEs, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements or other contractually narrow or limited purposes. As of December 31, 2022, we were not involved in any SPE transactions. 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 Through indemnity agreements approved by the state regulatory authorities, certain of our regulated subsidiaries generally are guaranteed by Humana Inc., our parent company, in the event of insolvency for (1) member coverage for which premium payment has been made prior to insolvency; (2) benefits for members then hospitalized until discharged; and (3) payment to providers for services rendered prior to insolvency. Our parent also has guaranteed the obligations of certain of our non-regulated subsidiaries and funding to maintain required statutory capital levels of certain regulated subsidiaries. 
 117 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily consisted of products covered under the Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan contracts with the federal government. These contracts are renewed generally for a calendar year term unless CMS notifies us of its decision not to renew by May 1 of the calendar year in which the contract would end, or we notify CMS of our decision not to renew by the first Monday in June of the calendar year in which the contract would end. All material contracts between Humana and CMS relating to our Medicare products have been renewed for 2023, and all of our product offerings filed with CMS for 2023 have been approved. 
 CMS uses a risk-adjustment model which adjusts premiums paid to Medicare Advantage, or MA, plans according to health status of covered members. The risk-adjustment model, which CMS implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 (BBA) and the Benefits Improvement and Protection Act of 2000 (BIPA), generally pays more where a plan's membership has higher expected costs. Under this model, rates paid to MA plans are based on actuarially determined bids, which include a process whereby our prospective payments are based on our estimated cost of providing standard Medicare-covered benefits to an enrollee with a "national average risk profile." That baseline payment amount is adjusted to account for certain demographic characteristics and health status of our enrolled members. Under the risk-adjustment methodology, all MA plans must collect from providers and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to CMS within prescribed deadlines. The CMS risk-adjustment model uses the diagnosis data, collected from providers, to calculate the health status-related risk-adjusted premium payment to MA plans, which CMS further adjusts for coding pattern differences between the health plans and the government fee-for-service (FFS) program. We generally rely on providers, including certain providers in our network who are our employees, to code their claim submissions with appropriate diagnoses, which we send to CMS as the basis for our health status-adjusted payment received from CMS under the actuarial risk-adjustment model. We also rely on these providers to document appropriately all medical data, including the diagnosis data submitted with claims. In addition, we conduct medical record reviews as part of our data and payment accuracy compliance efforts, to more accurately reflect diagnosis conditions under the risk adjustment model. 
 
 CMS and the Office of the Inspector General of Health and Human Services, or HHS-OIG, perform audits of various companies risk adjustment diagnosis data submissions. We refer to these audits as Risk-Adjustment Data Validation Audits, or RADV audits. RADV audits review medical records in an attempt to validate provider medical record documentation and coding practices that influence the calculation of health status-related premium payments to MA plans. 
 
 In 2012, CMS released an MA contract-level RADV methodology that would extrapolate the results of each CMS RADV audit sample to the audited MA contract s entire health status-related risk adjusted premium amount for the year under audit. In doing so, CMS recognized that the documentation standard used in RADV audits to determine a contract s payment error (medical records) is different from the documentation standard used to develop the Part C risk-adjustment model (FFS claims). To correct for this difference, CMS stated that it would apply a Fee-for-Service Adjuster (FFS Adjuster) as an offset to the preliminary recovery amount. This adjuster would be calculated by CMS based on a RADV-like review of records submitted to support FFS claims data. CMS stated that this methodology would apply to audits beginning with PY 2011. Humana relied on CMS s 2012 guidance in submitting MA bids to CMS. Humana also launched a Self-Audits program in 2013 that applied CMS s 2012 RADV audit methodology and included an estimated FFS Adjuster. Humana completed Self-Audits for PYs 2011-2016 and reported results to CMS. 
 
 118 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily serving members enrolled in Medicaid, and in certain circumstances members who qualify for both Medicaid and Medicare, under contracts with various states. 
 Our military services business, which accounted for approximately of our total premiums and services revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily consisted of the TRICARE T2017 East Region contract. The T2017 East Region contract comprises states and approximately TRICARE beneficiaries, under which delivery of health care services commenced on January 1, 2018. The T2017 East Region contract, which was originally set to expire on December 31, 2022, was subsequently extended by the DoD and is currently scheduled to expire on December 31, 2023, unless further extended. 
 In December 2022, we were awarded the next generation of TRICARE Managed Care Support Contracts, or T-5, for the TRICARE East Region by the Defense Health Agency of the DoD. The contract is expected to go into effect in 2024. Until then the T2017 contract remains in place. Under the terms of the award, our service area covers approximately million beneficiaries in a region consisting of states and Washington, D.C. The length of the contract is one base year with annual option periods, which, if all options are exercised, would result in a total contract length of nine years. 
 The loss of any of the contracts above or significant changes in these programs as a result of legislative or regulatory action, including reductions in premium payments to us, regulatory restrictions on profitability, including reviews by regulatory bodies that may compare our Medicare Advantage profitability to our non-Medicare Advantage business profitability, or compare the profitability of various products within our Medicare Advantage business, and require that they remain within certain ranges of each other, or increases in member benefits or 
 119 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 120 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

18. 
 distinct segments: Insurance and CenterWell. The Insurance segment includes the businesses that were previously included in the Retail and Group and Specialty segments, as well as the Pharmacy Benefit Manager, or PBM, business which was previously included in the Healthcare Services segment. The CenterWell segment (formerly Healthcare Services) represents our payor-agnostic healthcare services offerings, including pharmacy dispensing services, provider services, and home services. In addition to the new segment classifications being utilized to assess performance and allocate resources, we believe this simpler structure will create greater collaboration across the Insurance and CenterWell businesses and will accelerate work that is underway to centralize and integrate operations within the organization. Prior period segment financial information has been recast to conform to the 2022 presentation. 
 Our reportable segments, Insurance and CenterWell, are based on a combination of the type of health plan customer and adjacent businesses centered on well-being solutions for our health plans and other customers, as described below. These segment groupings are consistent with information used by our Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Decision Maker, to assess performance and allocate resources. 
 The Insurance segment consists of Medicare benefits, marketed to individuals or directly via group Medicare accounts, as well as our contract with CMS to administer the Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition, or LI-NET, prescription drug plan program and contracts with various states to provide Medicaid, dual eligible demonstration, and Long-Term Support Services benefits, which we refer to collectively as our state-based contracts. This segment also includes products consisting of employer group commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health 
 121 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 billion in 2022, billion in 2021, and billion in 2020. In addition, depreciation and amortization expense associated with certain businesses delivering benefits to our members, primarily associated with our provider services and pharmacy operations, are included with benefits expense. The amount of this expense was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Other than those described previously, the accounting policies of each segment are the same and are described in Note 2. Transactions between reportable segments primarily consist of sales of services rendered by our CenterWell segment, primarily pharmacy, provider, and home services, to our Insurance segment customers. Intersegment sales and expenses are recorded at fair value and eliminated in consolidation. Members served by our segments often use the same provider networks, enabling us in some instances to obtain more favorable contract terms with providers. Our segments also share indirect costs and assets. As a result, the profitability of each segment is interdependent. We allocate most operating expenses to our segments. Assets and certain corporate income and expenses are not allocated to the segments, including the portion of investment income not supporting segment operations, interest expense on corporate debt, and certain other corporate expenses. These items are managed at a corporate level. These corporate amounts are reported separately from our reportable segments and are included with intersegment eliminations in the tables presenting segment results below. 
 Premium and services revenues derived from our contracts with the federal government, as a percentage of our total premium and services revenues, were approximately for 2022, for 2021 and for 2020. 
 122 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Group Medicare Advantage Medicare stand-alone PDP Total Medicare Fully-insured Specialty Medicaid and other Total premiums Services revenue: Home solutions Provider ASO and other Pharmacy Total services revenue Total external revenues Intersegment revenues Services ) Products ) Intersegment revenues ) Investment income Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Benefits ) Operating costs ) Depreciation and amortization ) Total operating expenses ) Income (loss) from operations ) Gain on sale of KAH Hospice ) ) Interest expense Other income, net Income before income taxes and equity in net earnings (losses) ) Equity in net earnings (losses) ) ) Segment earnings ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Segment earnings (loss) attributable to Humana ) 
 123 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Group Medicare Advantage Medicare stand-alone PDP Total Medicare Fully-insured Specialty Medicaid and other Total premiums Services revenue: Home solutions Provider ASO and other Pharmacy Total services revenue Total external revenues Intersegment revenues Services ) Products ) Intersegment revenues ) Investment income (loss) ) Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Benefits ) Operating costs ) Depreciation and amortization ) Total operating expenses ) Income (loss) from operations ) Interest expense Other income, net ) ) Income before income taxes and equity in net earnings Equity in net earnings Segment earnings Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Segment earnings attributable to Humana 
 124 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Group Medicare Advantage Medicare stand-alone PDP Total Medicare Fully-insured Specialty Medicaid and other Total premiums Services revenue: Home solutions Provider ASO and other Pharmacy Total services revenue Total external revenues Intersegment revenues Services ) Products ) Intersegment revenues ) Investment income Total revenues ) Operating expenses: Benefits ) Operating costs ) Depreciation and amortization ) Total operating expenses ) Income from operations Interest expense Other expense, net Income before income taxes and equity in net earnings Equity in net earnings Segment earnings 
 
 125 

Humana Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 19. 
 million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. The amount of these reinsurance recoverables resulting from coinsurance agreements was approximately million at December 31, 2022 and approximately million at December 31, 2021. Premiums ceded were million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Benefits ceded were million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 We evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers on a regular basis. Protective Life Insurance Company with million in reinsurance recoverables is well-known and well-established with a AM Best rating of A+ at December 31, 2022. The remaining reinsurance recoverables of million are divided between other reinsurers, with million subject to funds withheld accounts or other financial guarantees supporting the repayment of these amounts. 
 126 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Humana Inc. 
 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Humana Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders equity and of cash flow for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. 
 
 Basis for Opinions 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
 127 

accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Valuation of Incurred but not yet Reported Benefits Payable 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s incurred but not yet reported benefits payable (IBNR) was 5.7 billion as of December 31, 2022. Management develops its estimate for IBNR using actuarial methodologies and assumptions, primarily based upon historical claim experience. Actuarial standards of practice generally require a level of confidence such that the liabilities established for IBNR have a greater probability of being adequate versus being insufficient, or such that the liabilities established for IBNR are sufficient to cover obligations under an assumption of moderately adverse conditions. As described by management, for the periods prior to the most recent two months, a completion factor method uses historical paid claims patterns to estimate the percentage of claims incurred during a given period that have historically been adjudicated as of the reporting period. Changes in claim inventory levels and known changes in claim payment processes are taken into account in these estimates. For the most recent two months, the incurred claims are estimated primarily from a trend analysis based upon per member per month claims trends developed from historical experience in the preceding months, adjusted for known changes in estimates of hospital admissions, recent hospital and drug utilization data, provider contracting changes, changes in benefit levels, changes in member cost sharing, changes in medical management processes, product mix and workday seasonality. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of IBNR is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when developing the estimate of IBNR, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the actuarial methodologies and significant assumptions related to completion factors, per member per month claims trends, and the potential for moderately adverse conditions. Also, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of IBNR, including controls over the actuarial methodologies and development of significant assumptions related to completion factors, per member per month claims trends, and the potential for moderately adverse conditions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with 
 128 

specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent estimate of IBNR. This independent estimate includes a range of reasonable outcomes, including outcomes under moderately adverse conditions, which are compared to management s estimate of IBNR. Developing the independent estimate involved developing independent completion factors and per member per month claims trends assumptions using management s data, testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management, and evaluating the reasonableness of management s assumptions. 
 
 Goodwill Impairment Assessments Provider and Home Solutions Reporting Units 
 
 As described in Notes 2 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s consolidated goodwill balance was 9.1 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the goodwill associated with the Provider and Home Solutions Reporting Units was 1.1 billion and 4.3 billion, respectively. Management conducts an impairment test in the fourth quarter of each year and more frequently if adverse events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset may be impaired. Management relies on an evaluation of future discounted cash flows analysis to determine fair value and uses discount rates that correspond to a market-based weighted-average cost of capital, and terminal growth rates that correspond to long-term growth prospects, consistent with the long-term inflation rate. Key assumptions in management s cash flow projections, including revenue growth rates, medical and operating cost trends, and projected operating income, are supported with management s long-range business plan and annual planning process. 
 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the goodwill impairment assessments of the Provider and Home Solutions reporting units is a critical audit matter are the significant judgment by management when determining the fair value of the reporting units, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating management s significant assumptions related to the revenue and terminal growth rates, projected operating income, and the discount rates. Also, the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management s goodwill impairment assessments, including controls over the significant assumptions used in the valuation of the Provider and Home Solutions reporting units. These procedures also included, among others, testing management's process for determining the fair value estimate of the reporting units; evaluating the appropriateness of the discounted cash flows analysis; testing the completeness and accuracy of underlying data used in the analysis; and evaluating the reasonableness of the significant assumptions used by management related to the revenue and terminal growth rates, projected operating income, and the discount rates. Evaluating management s assumptions related to revenue and terminal growth rates and projected operating income involved considering the past performance of the reporting units and whether the assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in the evaluation of the appropriateness of the Company s discounted cash flows analysis and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions related to the terminal growth rates and the discount rates. 

/s/ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1968. 
 129 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Management s Responsibility for Financial Statements and Other Information 
 We are responsible for the preparation and integrity of the consolidated financial statements appearing in our Annual Report. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and include amounts based on our estimates and judgments. All other financial information in this report has been presented on a basis consistent with the information included in the financial statements. 
 Our control environment is the foundation for our system of internal control over financial reporting and is embodied in our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, which we currently refer to as the Humana Inc. Ethics Every Day. It sets the tone of our organization and includes factors such as integrity and ethical values. Our internal control over financial reporting is supported by formal policies and procedures which are reviewed, modified and improved as changes occur in business conditions and operations. 
 The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent outside directors, meets periodically with members of management, the internal auditors and our independent registered public accounting firm to review and discuss internal controls over financial reporting and accounting and financial reporting matters. Our independent registered public accounting firm and internal auditors report to the Audit Committee and accordingly have full and free access to the Audit Committee at any time. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to members of senior management and the Board of Directors. 
 Based on our evaluation as of December 31, 2022, we as the principal executive officer, the principal financial officer and the principal accounting officer of the Company have concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 130 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 We assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessment, we determined that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. 
 The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, who also audited the Company s consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as stated in their report which appears on pages 127-129. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 131 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10 . DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Directors 
 The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023 appearing under the caption Proposal One: Election of Directors in such Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 A list of our executive officers and biographical information appears in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-K. 
 Code of Conduct for Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers 
 We have adopted a Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers , violations of which should be reported to the Audit Committee. The code may be viewed through the Investor Relations section of our web site at www.humana.com. Any amendment to or waiver of the application of the Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers will be promptly disclosed through the Investor Relations section of our web site at www.humana.com. 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 Since 1995, we have operated under an omnibus Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, currently known as the Humana Inc. Ethics Every Day (the Code ). All employees and directors are required to annually affirm in writing their acceptance of the Code. The Code was adopted by our Board of Directors in June 2014, replacing a previous iteration, known as the Humana Inc. Principles of Business Ethics, as the document to comply with the New York Stock Exchange Corporate Governance Standard 303A.10. The Code is available on the Investor Relations section of our web site at www.humana.com, and any waiver of the application of the Code with respect to directors or executive officers must be made by the Board of Directors and will be promptly disclosed on our web site at www.humana.com. 
 Corporate Governance Items 
 We have made available free of charge on or through the Investor Relations section of our web site at www.humana.com our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, proxy statements, and all of our other reports, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Also available on the Investor Relations section of our Internet web site at www.humana.com is information about our corporate governance, including: 
 a determination of independence for each member of our Board of Directors; 
 the name, membership, role, and charter of each of the various committees of our Board of Directors; 
 the name(s) of the directors designated as a financial expert under rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC; 
 the responsibility of the Company s Lead Independent Director, if applicable, to convene, set the agenda for, and lead executive sessions of the non-management directors, pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines; 
 the pre-approval process of non-audit services provided by our independent accountants; 
 our By-laws and Certificate of Incorporation; 
 our Majority Vote policy, pursuant to our By-laws; 
 our Related Persons Transaction Policy; 
 the process by which interested parties can communicate with directors; 
 132 

the process by which stockholders can make director nominations (pursuant to our By-laws); 
 our Corporate Governance Guidelines; 
 our Policy Regarding Transactions in Company Securities, Inside Information and Confidentiality; 
 Stock Ownership Guidelines for directors and for executive officers; 
 the Humana Inc. Ethics Every Day and any waivers thereto; and 
 the Code of Conduct for the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers and any waivers thereto. 
 Additional information about these items can be found in, and is incorporated by reference to, our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023. 
 Material Changes to the Procedures by which Security Holders May Recommend Nominees to the Registrant s Board of Directors 
 None. 
 Audit Committee Financial Expert 
 The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023 appearing under the caption Corporate Governance Audit Committee of such Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 Audit Committee Composition and Independence 
 The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023 appearing under the caption Corporate Governance Committee Membership and Attendance of such Definitive Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Additional information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Equity compensation plan information 
 We maintain plans under which options to purchase our common stock and awards of restricted stock may be made to officers, directors, and key employees. Stock options are granted with an exercise price equal to the fair market value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. Our stock plans, as approved by the Board of Directors and stockholders, define fair market value as the average of the highest and lowest stock prices reported on the composite tape by the New York Stock Exchange on a given date. Exercise provisions vary, but most options vest in whole or in part 1 to 3 years after grant and expire up to 7 years after grant. 
 133 

Information concerning stock option awards and the number of securities remaining available for future issuance under our equity compensation plans in effect as of December 31, 2022 follows: 
 Plan category (a) Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (c) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column(a)) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders (1) 203,472 381.366 14,541,660 (2)(3)(4) Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders Total 203,472 381.366 14,541,660 
 (1) The above table does not include awards of shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units. For information concerning these awards, see Note 14. 
 (2) The Humana Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan was approved by stockholders at the Annual Meeting held on April 21, 2011. On July 5, 2011, 18.5 million shares were registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8. 
 (3) The Humana Inc. Amended and Restated Stock Incentive Plan was approved by stockholders at the Annual Meeting held on April 18, 2019. On May 1, 2019, 16 million shares were registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8. 
 (4) Of the number listed above, 4,798,324 (1,445,966 from the 2011 Plan and 3,352,358 from the Amended and Restated Plan) can be issued as restricted stock at December 31, 2022 (giving effect to the provision that one restricted share is equivalent to 2.29 stock options in the 2011 Plan and 3.35 stock options in the Amended and Restated Plan). 
 The information under the captions Stock Ownership Information - Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners of Company Common Stock and Stock Ownership Information - Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023, is herein incorporated by reference. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023 appearing under the captions Certain Transactions with Management and Others and Corporate Governance Director Independence of such Definitive Proxy Statement. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item is herein incorporated by reference from our Definitive Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders scheduled to be held on April 20, 2023 appearing under the caption Audit Committee Report of such Definitive Proxy Statement. 
 134 

PART IV 
 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULE 
 (a) The financial statements, Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID ), financial statement schedule and exhibits set forth below are filed as part of this report. 
 (1) Financial Statements The response to this portion of Item 15 is submitted as Item 8 of Part II of this report. (2) The following Consolidated Financial Statement Schedule is included herein: Schedule I Parent Company Condensed Financial Information at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 All other schedules have been omitted because they are not applicable. 
 (3) Exhibits: 
 3(a) Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Humana Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on November 9, 1989, as restated to incorporate the amendment of January 9, 1992, and the correction of March 23, 1992 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(i) to Humana Inc. s Post-Effective Amendment No.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 33-49305) filed February 2, 1994). (b) 
 Humana Inc. Amended and Restated By-laws, effective as of December 8, 2022 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3(b) to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 8, 2022). 4(a) 
 Indenture, dated as of August 5, 2003, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York, as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Humana Inc.'s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2003, File No. 001-05975). (b) 
 Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 5, 2008, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 5, 2008). (c) 
 Indenture, dated as of March 30, 2006, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed on March 31, 2006, Req. No. 333-132878). (d) There are no instruments defining the rights of holders with respect to long-term debt in excess of 10 percent of the total assets of Humana Inc. on a consolidated basis. Other long-term indebtedness of Humana Inc. is described herein in Note 13 to Consolidated Financial Statements. Humana Inc. agrees to furnish copies of all such instruments defining the rights of the holders of such indebtedness not otherwise filed as an Exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K to the Commission upon request. e 
 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2012, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2012). f 
 Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2014). g 
 Ninth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 19, 2014). h 
 Tenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 16, 2017, between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2017). 
 135 

(i) 
 Eleventh Supplemental Indenture, dated March 16, 2017, between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 16, 2017). j 
 Fourteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 15, 2019, between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2019). k 
 Fifteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 15, 2019, between Humana Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 15, 2019). l 
 Sixteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 26, 2020, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 27, 2020). 
 m 
 Seventeenth Supplemental Indenture, dated March 26, 2020, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed March 27, 2020). n 
 Eighteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 3, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). o 
 Nineteenth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 3, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). p 
 Twentieth Supplemental Indenture, dated August 3, 2021, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 3, 2021). (q) 
 Twenty-First Supplemental Indenture, dated March 23, 2022, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 23, 2022). (r) 
 Twenty-Second Supplemental Indenture, dated November 22, 2022, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2022). (s) 
 Twenty-Third Supplemental Indenture, dated November 22, 2022, between the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 22, 2022). t 
 
 Description of Securities (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4(o) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019). 
 10 (a) 
 Form of Company s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (without retirement provisions) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015). (b) 
 Humana Inc. Executive Incentive Compensation Plan, as amended and restated January 1, 2020 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(b) to Humana Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020). (c) Trust under Humana Inc. Deferred Compensation Plans (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(p) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1999, File No. 001-05975). 
 136 

(d) 
 The Humana Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (as amended on October 18, 2012) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(m) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012). (e) 
 Humana Inc. Executive Severance Policy, effective as of March 1, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2019). (f) 
 Humana Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Reg. No. 333-171616), filed on January 7, 2011). (g) 
 Humana Retirement Equalization Plan, as amended and restated as of January 1, 2011 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(p) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 18, 2011). (h) Letter agreement with Humana Inc. officers concerning health insurance availability (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(mm) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 1994, File No. 001-05975). (i) 
 Executive Long-Term Disability Program (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(a) to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004). (j) Indemnity Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix B to Humana Inc. s Proxy Statement with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on January 8, 1987). (k) 
 Summary of the Company s Financial Planning Program for our executive officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(v) to Humana s Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 22, 2013). (l) 
 Five-Year 2.5 Billion Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 4, 2021, among Humana Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Agent and as CAF Loan Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA as Syndication Agents, Citibank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC, National Association, U.S. Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Documentation Agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Citibank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC, U.S. Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint-Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2021). 
 (m) 
 364-Day 1.5 Billion Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2022, among Humana Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Agent and as CAF Loan Agent, Bank of America, N.A. as Syndication Agent, Citibank, N.A., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, PNC Capital Markets LLC, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Documentation Agents, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Citibank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC, U.S. Bank National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint-Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2022). n 
 500 Million Delayed Draw Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of May 28, 2021, among Humana Inc., and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as Agent, Bank of America, N.A. and Goldman Sachs Bank USA as Syndication Agents, Citibank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC, U.S. Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Documentation Agents, and Goldman Sachs Bank USA, BofA Securities, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., Citibank, N.A., PNC Capital Markets LLC, U.S. Bank, National Association and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, as Joint-Lead Arrangers and Joint Bookrunners (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10 to Humana Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 4, 2021). o 
 Form of CMS Coordinated Care Plan Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975). 
 137 

p 
 Form of CMS Private Fee for Service Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975). q 
 Addendum to Agreement Providing for the Operation of a Medicare Voluntary Prescription Drug Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975). r 
 Addendum to Agreement Providing for the Operation of an Employer/Union-only Group Medicare Advantage Prescription Drug Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975). s 
 Addendum to Agreement Providing for the Operation of an Employer/Union-only Group Medicare Advantage-Only Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975). t 
 Addendum to Agreement Providing for the Operation of a Medicare Advantage Regional Coordinated Care Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2005, File No. 001-05975). u 
 Explanatory Note regarding Medicare Prescription Drug Plan Contracts between Humana and CMS (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, File No. 001-05975). v 
 Humana Inc. 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Humana Inc. s Proxy Statement with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 21, 2011). w 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of February 27, 2014, by and between Humana Inc. and Bruce D. Broussard (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 28, 2014). x 
 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Humana Inc. and Bruce D. Broussard, dated July 2, 2015 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 9, 2015). y 
 Amendment No. 2, dated as of August 16, 2018, to the Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between Humana Inc. and Bruce D. Broussard, dated as of February 27, 2014 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc.s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on August 20, 2018). z 
 Humana Inc. Change in Control Policy, effective March 1, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(aa) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2019). aa 
 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between Humana Inc., as Issuer, and the Dealer party thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Humana Inc. s current report on Form 8-K filed on October 7, 2014). bb 
 Form of Company's Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (Incentive Stock Options) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015). cc 
 Form of Company's Stock Option Agreement under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (Non-Qualified Stock Options with Non-Compete/Non-Solicit) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(kk) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015). dd 
 
 Form of Company's Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with Performance Vesting and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(gg) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2019). ee 
 
 Form of Company s Incentive Stock Option Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(hh) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2019). 
 138 

ff 
 
 Form of Company s Stock Option Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan (Non-Qualified Stock Options) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(ii) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2019). gg 
 Humana Inc. Compensation Recoupment Policy, effective February 21, 2019 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(jj) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 21, 2019). hh 
 
 Amended and Restated Humana Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Appendix A to Humana Inc. s Proxy Statement with respect to the Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 18, 2019). ii) 
 
 Form of Company s Incentive Stock Option Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the Amended and Restated Humana Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019). jj 
 
 Form of Company s Stock Option Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the Amended and Restated Humana Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (Non-Qualified Stock Options) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Humana Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019). kk 
 Form of Company s Stock Option Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the Amended and Restated Humana Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (Non-Qualified Stock Options) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(nn) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 ll 
 Form of Company s Incentive Stock Option Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the Amended and Restated Humana Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(oo) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 mm 
 Form of Company s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement with Performance Vesting and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the Amended and Restated Humana Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(pp) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 nn 
 Form of Company s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the Amended and Restated Humana Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (without retirement provisions) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(qq) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 oo 
 Form of Company s Restricted Stock Unit Agreement and Agreement not to Compete or Solicit under the Amended and Restated Humana Inc. Stock Incentive Plan (with retirement provisions) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10(rr) to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020). 
 14 
 Code of Conduct for Chief Executive Officer Senior Financial Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 14 to Humana Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2003). 21 
 List of subsidiaries. 23 
 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 31.1 
 CEO certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 31.2 
 CFO certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 139 

32 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 The following materials from Humana Inc.'s Annual Report on Form 10-K formatted in iXBRL (Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020; and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 Exhibits 10(a) through and including 10(k), and Exhibits 10(v) through and including 10(z), as well as Exhibits 10(bb) through and including Exhibit 10(oo) are compensatory plans or management contracts. 
 Pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act, confidential portions of this exhibit have been omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment. 
 Submitted electronically with this report. 
 140 

Humana Inc. 
 Investment securities Receivable from operating subsidiaries Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Investment in subsidiaries Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Payable to operating subsidiaries Short-term debt Current portion of notes payable to operating subsidiaries Book overdraft Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par; shares authorized; issued 
 Common stock, 0.16 2/3 par; shares authorized; shares issued at December 31, 2022 and shares issued at December 31, 2021 
 Capital in excess of par value Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares at December 31, 2022 and shares at December 31, 2021 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to the parent company financial statements. 
 
 141 

Humana Inc. 
 Investment and other (loss) income, net ) ) Total revenues Expenses: Operating costs Depreciation Interest Total expenses Other (income) expense, net ) (Loss) income before income taxes and equity in net earnings of subsidiaries ) ) (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) ) (Loss) income before equity in net earnings of subsidiaries ) Equity in net earnings of subsidiaries Equity in net earnings of equity method investments Net income 
 See accompanying notes to the parent company financial statements. 
 
 142 

Humana Inc. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in gross unrealized investment (losses) gains ) ) Effect of income taxes ) Total change in unrealized investment (losses) gains, net of tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net realized losses (gains) included in investment income ) ) Effect of income taxes ) Total reclassification adjustment, net of tax ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to equity method investments Comprehensive income attributable to Humana 
 See accompanying notes to the parent company financial statements. 
 
 143 

Humana Inc. 
 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Capital contributions to operating subsidiaries ) ) ) Purchases of property and equipment, net ) ) ) Purchases of investment securities ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of investment securities Maturities of investment securities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of senior notes, net Repayments of senior notes ) ) (Repayments) proceeds from issuance of commercial paper, net ) Proceeds from issuance of term loan Repayment of term loan ) ) Change in book overdraft ) Common stock repurchases ) ) ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Proceeds from stock option exercises and other Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 
 See accompanying notes to the parent company financial statements. 
 
 144 

Humana Inc. 

1. 

2. 
 billion in 2022, billion in 2021, and billion in 2020. 
 Guarantee 
 Through indemnity agreements approved by state regulatory authorities, certain of our regulated subsidiaries generally are guaranteed by our parent company in the event of insolvency for: (1) member coverage for which premium payment has been made prior to insolvency; (2) benefits for members then hospitalized until discharged; and (3) payment to providers for services rendered prior to insolvency. Our parent has also guaranteed the obligations of our military services subsidiaries and funding to maintain required statutory capital levels of certain other regulated subsidiaries. 

3. 
 billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which exceeded aggregate minimum regulatory requirements of billion and billion, respectively. The amount of ordinary dividends that may be paid to our parent company in 2023 is approximately billion in the aggregate. The amount, timing and mix of ordinary and extraordinary dividend payments will vary due to state regulatory requirements, the level of excess statutory capital and surplus and expected future surplus requirements related to, for example, premium volume and product mix. Actual dividends that were paid to our parent company were approximately billion in 2022, billion in 2021, and billion in 2020. 
 145 

Humana Inc. 
 SCHEDULE I PARENT COMPANY FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

4. 

5. 

6. 

7. 
 
 146 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 147 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Sections 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereto duly authorized. 
 H UMANA I NC . 
 By: /s/ SUSAN M. DIAMOND Susan M. Diamond Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 16, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 148 

Signature Title Date /s/ SUSAN M. DIAMOND Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 16, 2023 Susan M. Diamond /s/ JOHN-PAUL W. FELTER Senior Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) February 16, 2023 John-Paul W. Felter /s/ BRUCE D. BROUSSARD President and Chief Executive Officer, Director (Principal Executive Officer) February 16, 2023 Bruce D. Broussard /s/ KURT J. HILZINGER Chairman of the Board February 16, 2023 Kurt J. Hilzinger /s/ RAQUEL C. BONO, M.D. Director February 16, 2023 Raquel C. Bono, M.D. /s/ FRANK A. D AMELIO Director February 16, 2023 Frank A. D Amelio /s/ DAVID T. FEINBERG, M.D. Director February 16, 2023 David T. Feinberg, M.D. /s/ WAYNE A. I. FREDERICK, M.D. Director February 16, 2023 Wayne A. I. Frederick, M.D. /s/ JOHN W. GARRATT Director February 16, 2023 John W. Garratt /s/ DAVID A. JONES, JR. Director February 16, 2023 David A. Jones, Jr. /s/ KAREN W. KATZ Director February 16, 2023 Karen W. Katz /s/ MARCY S. KLEVORN Director February 16, 2023 Marcy S. Klevorn /s/ WILLIAM J. MCDONALD Director February 16, 2023 William J. McDonald /s/ JORGE S. MESQUITA Director February 16, 2023 Jorge S. Mesquita /s/ JAMES J. O BRIEN Director February 16, 2023 James J. O Brien /s/ BRAD D. SMITH Director February 16, 2023 Brad D. Smith 
 149 

<EX-21>
 2
 hum-20221231x10kxex21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 
 HUMANA INC. 
 SUBSIDIARY LIST 
 
 ALABAMA 
 Mid-South Home Health Agency, LLC 
 
 ARIZONA 
 Premier Home Health Agency, LLC 
 
 ARKANSAS 
 Humana Regional Health Plan, Inc. 
 
 CALIFORNIA 
 Asian American Home Care, Inc. 
 Humana EAP and Work-Life Services of California, Inc. 
 Humana Health Plan of California, Inc. 
 Professional Healthcare at Home, LLC 
 
 COLORADO 
 Alpine Home Health Care, LLC 
 
 DELAWARE 
 Access Home Health of Florida, LLC 
 Amazing Home Health Holdings, LLC 
 American Homecare Management Corp. 
 CDO 1, LLC 
 CDO 2, LLC 
 CenterWell Care Solutions, Inc. 
 CenterWell Certified Healthcare Corp. 
 CenterWell Health Services (Certified), Inc. 
 CenterWell Health Services (USA) LLC 
 CenterWell Health Services Holding Corp. 
 CenterWell Health Services, Inc. 
 CenterWell Pharmacy, Inc. 
 CompBenefits Corporation 
 CompBenefits Direct, Inc. 
 Conviva Care Solutions, LLC 
 Conviva Care Solutions II, LLC 
 Conviva Group Holdings, LLC 
 Conviva Health Management, LLC 
 Conviva Health MSO of Texas, Inc. 
 Conviva Medical Center Management, LLC 
 Eagle NY Rx, LLC 
 Eagle Rx Holdco, Inc. 
 Eagle Rx, Inc. 
 Echo Primary Care Holdings, LLC 
 Edge Health MSO, Inc. 
 Emphesys, Inc. 
 Enclara Pharmacia, Inc. 
 FPG Acquisition Corp. 
 FPG Acquisition Holdings Corp. 
 FPG Holding Company, LLC 
 Go365, LLC 
 Harden Healthcare Holdings, LLC 
 Harden Home Health, LLC 
 Health Value Management, Inc. 
 Healthfield Operating Group, LLC 

Healthfield, LLC 
 HHS Healthcare Corp. 
 Hospice Pharmacy Solutions, LLC 
 HP Solutions Holdings, LLC 
 HUM Provider Holdings, LLC 
 Humana at Home, Inc. 
 Humana Digital Health and Analytics Platform Services, Inc. 
 Humana Direct Contracting Entity, Inc. 
 Humana Government Business, Inc. 
 Humana Inc. 
 Humana Innovation Enterprises, Inc. 
 Humana WellWorks LLC 
 HumanaDental, Inc. 
 Integracare Holdings, Inc. 
 Integracare Intermediate Holdings, Inc. 
 KAH Development 10, L.L.C. 
 KAH Development 12, L.L.C. 
 KAH Development 14, L.L.C. 
 KAH Development 4, L.L.C. 
 Kentucky Homecare Holdings, Inc. 
 Kentucky Homecare Parent Inc. 
 Kindred Hospice Missouri, LLC 
 Kindred Hospice Services, L.L.C. 
 KND Development 50, L.L.C. 
 Mid-South Home Health, LLC 
 North Region Providers, LLC 
 One Home Medical Equipment NC, LLC 
 One Home Medical Equipment VA, LLC 
 One Infusion Pharmacy NC, LLC 
 One Infusion Pharmacy TX, LLC 
 One Infusion Pharmacy VA, LLC 
 PBM Holding Company 
 PBM Plus Mail Service Pharmacy, LLC 
 PF Development 10, L.L.C. 
 PF Development 15, L.L.C. 
 PF Development 16, L.L.C. 
 PF Development 21, L.L.C. 
 PF Development 5, L.L.C. 
 PF Development 7, L.L.C. 
 PF Development 9, L.L.C. 
 Pharaoh JV, LLC 
 PHH Acquisition Corp. 
 PHHC Acquisition Corp. 
 Primary Care Holdings II, LLC 
 Prime West JV Holdings, LLC 
 Professional Healthcare, LLC 
 Regency Home Office, LLC 
 SHC Holding, Inc. 
 Transcend Population Health Management II, LLC 
 Voyager Home Health, Inc. 
 Voyager Hospicecare, Inc. 
 
 DOMINICAN REPUBLIC 
 Trueshore S.R. I. 
 
 FLORIDA 
 Accredited Home Health of Broward, Inc. 
 Advanced Oncology Services, Inc. 

Amazing Home Health Care, Inc. 
 Amicus Medical Center LLC 
 Amicus Medical Group, Inc. 
 Amicus Medical Services Organization, LLC 
 Care Hope Holdings, Inc. 
 Care Hope Home Health Agency, Inc. 
 Care Partners Home Care, LLC 
 CarePlus Health Plans, Inc. 
 CenterWell Accountable Care, LLC 
 CenterWell Senior Primary Care (FL), Inc. 
 CompBenefits Company 
 Complex Clinical Management, Inc. 
 Conviva Physician Group, LLC 
 Conviva Specialty, LLC 
 Elite Health Medical Centers, LLC 
 Elite Health Primary Care, LLC 
 Enhanz DCE, LLC 
 FPG Senior Services, LLC 
 Homecare Holdings, Inc. 
 HUM-e-FL, Inc. 
 Humana At Home 1, Inc. 
 Humana Dental Company 
 Humana Health Insurance Company of Florida, Inc. 
 Humana Medical Plan, Inc. 
 Med. Tech. Services of South Florida, Inc. 
 Med-Tech Services of Dade, Inc. 
 Med-Tech Services of Palm Beach, Inc. 
 METCARE of Florida, Inc. 
 Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc. 
 Naples Health Care Specialists, LLC 
 Nursing Solutions, LLC 
 On the Way Home Care, Inc. 
 One Home Health Holdings, LLC 
 One Home Medical Equipment, LLC 
 One Homecare Solutions, LLC 
 One Homecare Systems, LLC 
 One Infusion Pharmacy, LLC 
 One Nursing Care, LLC 
 One TPA Systems, Inc. 
 SeniorBridge Family Companies (FL), Inc. 
 SeniorBridge-Florida, LLC 
 Senior Home Care, Inc. 
 South Florida Cardiology Associates, LLC 
 Trueshore BPO, LLC 
 
 GEORGIA 
 Capital Care Resources of South Carolina, LLC 
 Capital Care Resources, LLC 
 Capital Health Management Group, LLC 
 Chattahoochee Valley Home Care Services, LLC 
 Chattahoochee Valley Home Health, LLC 
 CHMG Acquisition LLC 
 CHMG of Atlanta, LLC 
 CHMG of Griffin, LLC 
 Healthfield Home Health, LLC 
 Healthfield of Southwest Georgia, LLC 
 Healthfield of Statesboro, LLC 
 Healthfield of Tennessee, LLC 

Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc. 
 Kindred at Home Foundation, Inc. 
 Mid-South Home Health of Gadsden, LLC 
 Total Care Home Health of Louisburg, LLC 
 Total Care Home Health of North Carolina, LLC 
 Total Care Home Health of South Carolina, LLC 
 
 ILLINOIS 
 CompBenefits Dental, Inc. 
 Dental Care Plus Management, Corp. 
 Humana Benefit Plan of Illinois, Inc. 
 Humana Healthcare Research, Inc. 
 
 INDIANA 
 SeniorBridge Family Companies (IN), Inc. 
 
 IOWA 
 Hawkeye Health Services, Inc. 
 
 KENTUCKY 
 516-526 West Main Street Condominium Council of Co-Owners, Inc. 
 CHA HMO, Inc. 
 Humana Active Outlook, Inc. 
 Humana Health Plan, Inc. 
 Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky 
 Humana MarketPOINT, Inc. 
 Humana Pharmacy Solutions, Inc. 
 Humana Real Estate Company 
 Humco, Inc. 
 The Dental Concern, Inc. 
 
 LOUISIANA 
 Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc. 
 Synergy Home Care-Acadiana Region, Inc. 
 Synergy Home Care-Capitol Region, Inc. 
 Synergy Home Care-Central Region, Inc. 
 Synergy Home Care-Northeastern Region, Inc. 
 Synergy Home Care-Northshore Region, Inc. 
 Synergy Home Care-Northwestern Region, Inc. 
 Synergy Home Care-Southeastern Region, Inc. 
 Synergy, Inc. 
 
 MICHIGAN 
 Humana Medical Plan of Michigan, Inc. 
 Prime Accountable Care West, LLC 
 Prime West Management, LLC 
 
 MISSISSIPPI 
 Gilbert's Home Health Agency, Inc. 
 Home Health Care Affiliates of Central Mississippi, L.L.C. 
 Home Health Care Affiliates of Mississippi, Inc. 
 Home Health Care Affiliates, Inc. 
 Van Winkle Home Health Care, Inc. 
 
 MISSOURI 
 Missouri Home Care of Rolla, Inc. 
 The American Heartland Hospice Corp. 

NEVADA 
 Nevada Independent Physicians, LLC 
 Southern Nevada Home Health Care, Inc. 
 
 NEW YORK 
 Alexander Infusion, LLC 
 CenterWell Services of New York, Inc. 
 Harris, Rothenberg International Inc. 
 Humana Health Company of New York, Inc. 
 Humana Insurance Company of New York 
 New York Healthcare Services, Inc. 
 SeniorBridge Family Companies (NY), Inc. 
 QC-Medi New York, Inc. 
 Quality Care - USA, Inc. 
 
 OHIO 
 Innovative Financial Group Holdings, LLC 
 Innovative Financial Partners, LLC 
 Medicare Planning of America LLC 
 Rees Financial 
 The Lead Store LLC 
 Versa Management LLC 
 
 OHIO 
 Humana Health Plan of Ohio, Inc. 
 Hummingbird Coaching Systems LLC 
 
 PENNSYLVANIA 
 Humana Medical Plan of Pennsylvania, Inc. 
 
 PUERTO RICO 
 Humana Health Plans of Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 Humana Insurance of Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 Humana Management Services of Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 Humana MarketPOINT of Puerto Rico, Inc. 
 
 SOUTH CAROLINA 
 Humana Benefit Plan of South Carolina, Inc. 
 
 TENNESSEE 
 Cariten Health Plan Inc. 
 PHP Companies, Inc. 
 Preferred Health Partnership, Inc. 
 
 TEXAS 
 Aberdeen Holdings, Inc. 
 Able Home Healthcare, Inc. 
 BWB Sunbelt Home Health Services, LLC 
 California Hospice, LLC 
 CompBenefits Insurance Company 
 Corpus Christi Home Care, Inc. 
 DentiCare, Inc. 
 Emphesys Insurance Company 
 Focus Care Health Resources, Inc. 
 GBA Holding, Inc. 
 GBA West, LLC 

Georgia Hospice, LLC 
 Harden Clinical Services, LLC 
 Harden HC Texas Holdco, LLC 
 Harden Healthcare, LLC 
 Harden Hospice, LLC 
 Home Health of Rural Texas, Inc. 
 Horizon Health Care Services, Inc. 
 Humana At Home (Dallas), Inc. 
 Humana At Home (Houston), Inc. 
 Humana At Home (San Antonio), Inc. 
 Humana At Home (TLC), Inc. 
 Humana Benefit Plan of Texas, Inc. 
 Humana Health Plan of Texas, Inc. 
 Integracare Home Health Services, Inc. 
 Integracare of Albany, LLC 
 Integracare of Athens-Home Health, LLC 
 Integracare of Olney Home Health, LLC 
 Integracare of Texas, LLC 
 Integracare of West Texas-Home Health, LLC 
 Integracare of Wichita Falls, LLC 
 Lighthouse Hospice - Metroplex, LLC 
 Lighthouse Hospice Management, LLC 
 Lighthouse Hospice-San Antonio, LLC 
 One Home Health Holdings CCTX, LLC 
 One Home Medical Equipment TX, LLC 
 Outreach Health Services of North Texas, LLC 
 ROHC, L.L.C. 
 Texas Dental Plans, Inc. 
 Vernon Home Health Care Agency, LLC 
 Voyager Acquisition, L.P. 
 
 UTAH 
 Home Health Services, Inc. 
 Humana Medical Plan of Utah, Inc. 
 
 VERMONT 
 Managed Care Indemnity, Inc. 
 
 WASHINGTON 
 Arcadian Health Plan, Inc. 
 
 WEST VIRGINIA 
 First Home Health, Inc. 
 Nursing Care-Home Health Agency, Inc. 
 
 WISCONSIN 
 CareNetwork, Inc. 
 GuidantRx, Inc. 
 Humana Insurance Company 
 Humana Wisconsin Health Organization Insurance Corporation 
 HumanaDental Insurance Company 
 Independent Care Health Plan 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 3
 hum-20221231x10kxex23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-254041) and Form S-8 (Nos. 033-49305, 333-04435, 333-57095, 333-86801, 333-41408, 333-86280, 333-105622, 333-134887, 333-162747, 333-171616, 333-175350, 333-231154, and 033-264543) of Humana Inc. of our report dated February 16, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedule and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 Louisville, Kentucky 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 hum-20221231x10kxex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bruce D. Broussard, principal executive officer of Humana Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Humana Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date February 16, 2023 Signature s BRUCE D. BROUSSARD Bruce D. Broussard Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 hum-20221231x10kxex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Susan M. Diamond, principal financial officer of Humana Inc., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Humana Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 16, 2023 Signature s SUSAN M. DIAMOND Susan M. Diamond Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 hum-20221231x10kxex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Humana Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in his capacity as an officer of Humana Inc., that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 s BRUCE D. BROUSSARD Bruce D. Broussard President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 February 16, 2023 
 s SUSAN M. DIAMOND Susan M. Diamond Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 February 16, 2023 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Humana Inc. and will be retained by Humana Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 hum-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hum-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 hum-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 hum-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 hum-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

