<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230306_10-K_edgar_data_1444839_0001091818-23-000028.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2036929</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101011</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>469593</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>508982</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>422869</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>489982</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001091818-23-000028.hdr.sgml : 20230306
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230306105758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001091818-23-000028
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230306
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230306

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bravo Multinational Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001444839
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENT & RECREATION [7990]
		IRS NUMBER:				854068651
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WY
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53505
		FILM NUMBER:		23707980

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2020 GENERAL BOOTH BLVD  UNIT 230
		CITY:			VIRGINIA BEACH
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23454
		BUSINESS PHONE:		757-306-6090

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2020 GENERAL BOOTH BLVD  UNIT 230
		CITY:			VIRGINIA BEACH
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23454

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GoldLand Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20101019

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GoldCorp Holdings Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090508

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GoldCorp Holding Co.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080910

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001091818-23-000028.txt : 20230306

10-K
 1
 brvo10k2023.htm
 YEAR -END REPORT DEC. 2022

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the fiscal year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION
 REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
 the transition period from ____________________ to _____________________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
 name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS
 Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 , 
 (principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code: - 
 
 Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 Ticker
 symbol(s) 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A
 
 N/A
 
 N/A

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: Common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirement for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

i 

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its annual report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, and smaller reporting
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 Growth 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

The
aggregate market value of the 10,962,523 shares of common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the average bid and
ask price of 0.035 per share of the registrant s common stock (as reported on the OTCPINK operated by The OTC Markets Group, Inc. at which the common equity was last sold as of the last business day of its most recently completed second fiscal quarter (June 30, 2022)
was approximately . Common stock held by each officer and director and by each person known to the registrant to own five percent
or more of the outstanding common stock has been excluded in that those persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of
affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 

Indicate
the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. At March
3, 2023 the registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. 

ii 

Table
of Contents 

INDEX 

PART
 I 
 
 -Page- 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 3 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 
 3 
 
 Item 2. 
 Property 
 3 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 3 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 3 

PART
 II 

Item 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 4 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected
 Financial Data 
 5 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 5 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 7 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 7 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 7 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls
 And Procedures 
 7 
 
 PART
 III 

Item 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 8 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 11 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 12 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 12 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 12 

PART
 IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 13 
 
 Signatures 
 
 14 

- 1 - 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

PART
I 

Except
for historical information, this report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including,
among other things, statements regarding our business strategy, future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking
statements include, among others, those statements including the words expects, anticipates, intends, 
 believes and similar language. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, our business reliance on
third parties to provide us with technology, our ability to integrate and manage acquired technology, assets, companies and personnel,
changes in market condition, the volatile and intensely competitive environment in the business sectors in which we operate, rapid technological
change, and our dependence on key and scarce employees in a competitive market for skilled personnel. These factors should not
be considered exhaustive; we undertake no obligation to release publicly the results of any future revisions we may make to forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, as well as
those discussed in the section Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report.
 We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances
taking place after the date of this document. 

Item
1. Business. 

Company
Overview 

We
were originally formed as Montrose Ventures, Inc. in the State of Delaware on May 25, 1989. On April 23, 1996, our name was changed to
Java Group, Inc., which tried and failed to start a chain of coffee bars. On September 1, 2004, our name was changed to Consolidated
General Corp., and under that name the company attempted to buy tier 2 and 3 professional sports teams, including the Vancouver Ravens
lacrosse team and the San Diego Soccers soccer team. On August 7, 2007, our name was changed to Goldcorp Holdings Co. On
October 15, 2010, our name was changed to GoldLand Holdings Co. 

On
March 22, 2016, the board of directors of the Registrant, pursuant to Section 242 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, determined
it was in the best interest of the Registrant that the name of the Registrant should be changed to Bravo Multinational Incorporated,
to reflect its new business, which is the purchase and leasing of gaming equipment. The change of name was effective upon compliance
with all regulatory requirements mandated by FINRA. Further, as a result of the change of the Registrants name the trading symbol
for the shares of the Registrant s common stock has been changed to BRVO. Registrant s CUSIP identifier has been changed
to 10568F109. 

The
Registrant filed a Form 8-K with the SEC on April 7, 2016, announcing the change of name, trading symbol, and CUSIP identifier. 

On
January 16, 2017, The Board of Directors of the Company unanimously approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation
in order to effect a plan of recapitalization that provides for a one-for-three hundred (1-for-300) reverse stock split of our common
stock. Pursuant to written resolutions, the shareholders of the Company voted to approve the proposal to authorize the reverse
split. The reverse stock split took effect, after filing a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware. The amended Articles of Incorporation increased the authorized shares to 1,050,000,000, consisting
of 1,000,000,000 shares of common stock and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The common and preferred shares will have a par value
of 0.0001 per share. The preferred shares are blank check preferred. Registrant s CUSIP identifier has been changed to 10568F208. 

On
October 4, 2019 the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation to designate 10,000,000 shares of its blank check preferred
stock as Series A Preferred Stock, which left 40,000,000 blank check authorized but unissued. The Preferred
Series A had a par value of 0.0001 per share, and entitled holders to receive one hundred (100) time the dividends per share of common
stock, 100:1 stock voting rights, 100:1 liquidation rights and conversion ratio of 1:100 to common stock. Currently, there are no Series
 A Preferred shares outstanding. 

On
October 09, 2020, The Company moved it state of incorporation from the State of Delaware to the State of Wyoming. After the move to Wyoming,
authorized capital of Bravo Multinational Incorporated consists of an unlimited number of shares of Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per
share, an unlimited number of shares of Preferred Stock, 0.0001 par value per share and an unlimited number of shares of Series Preferred
 A stock at a par value of 0.0001, which has the same characteristics as described above. The reincorporation did not affect total
stockholder equity or total capitalization of the Company (See Exhibit 3.1). 

Former
Business 

We
currently own 76.63 acres within seven patented mining claims with a 29.167 ownership interest. We allowed all of our BLM
unpatented and placer claims to expire. We may look to expand on our mining claim holdings in the future. Currently, the carrying value
on such patented claims was fully impaired due to lack of economic viability of such properties. 

However,
it should be noted that we were not at any time a mining operator. As described above, the Company owns mining claims, but none
of those claims are leased to a third party. Since the mining operations of our lessee no longer have any relevance to our business of
the leasing and selling of gaming equipment, we will only include financial information relating to revenues, expenses, and results of
operations and other relevant information with respect to the former mining activities of the lessee of our mining properties. For a
complete discussion of the mining activities on our mining claims conducted by other parties, please see our previous Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs,
and 8-Ks filed with the SEC 

Current
Business 

We
are currently engaged in the business of leasing and selling gaming equipment. We, however, ceased operations in Nicaragua in 2017 due
to political and economic instabilities. We are planning to operate our business in the US and other more stable democracies in Latin
America. 

During
October 2017 severe weather, hurricanes, rain and flooding occurred in Nicaragua where the company had its gaming machines operation.
Lower tourism and local traffic due to these uncontrollable weather issues had an effect on the Company s machine revenues during the
fourth quarter of 2017. The Company had purchased 300 gaming machines that were placed in casinos where they were producing a monthly
revenue stream based on net wins of each machine. Consequently, revenue and account receivable due on these machines cannot be collectable
due to the social and economic conditions which prevailed after the storms. Currently, the country has economic and trade sanctions in
place by the U.S. Government. 

- 2 - 

On
or about the first week of December 2017, Centro de Entretenimiento y Diversion Mombacho S.A. and GameTouch, LLC notified management
of serious issues throughout the Country of Nicaragua. Civil unrest started due to lack of simple social services, like electricity,
running water and destroyed infrastructure from Hurricane Nate. The ever growing political and civil unrest affected the country s
economy, which had a direct effect on the gaming industry in Nicaragua. The dangerous situation throughout Nicaragua eliminated BRVO
from operating its gaming interests, effectively. On December 30, 2017, management canceled the business contracts with both Centro de
Entretenimiento y Diversion Mombacho S.A. and GameTouch, LLC. Currently, the US Government placed trade and financial sanctions on the
Government of Nicaragua, which greatly affected BRVO s business practices in the Country. 

Throughout
2018, the Company struggled to maintain its gaming operations. The politically unstable situation in Nicaragua, in addition to US financial
and trade sanctions against the current Nicaraguan Government, caused Bravo Multinational, Inc. to reassess it gaming operations. As
such, on November 18, 2018, management changed the direction of the Company by evaluating gaming operations as they might exist in the
USA and Canadian markets and other more stable democracies within Latin America. 

Management
evaluated other possible casino gaming operations with the expectation of finding an economic viable operation. In 2021, management did
due diligence on other industry opportunities outside of the casino gaming industries. Management determined and evaluated these opportunities
and made the determination that moving forward was not accretive to the Company, and was unlikely to create meaningful shareholder value. 

Throughout
2021 and 2022, management evaluated other possible casino gaming operations with the expectation of finding an economically viable business
model. Also, management is in the process of conducting due diligence and negotiations in connection with other opportunities outside
of the casino gaming industry. 

Transfer
Agent 

Our
transfer agent is Transfer Online, Inc. whose address is 512 SE Salmon Street, Portland, Oregon 97214, and telephone number (503) 227-2950. 

Company
Contact Information 

Our
principal executive offices are located at 2020 General Booth Blvd., Unit 230, Virginia Beach, VA 23454, telephone (757) 306-6090. The
information to be contained in our Internet website, www.bravomultinational.com, shall not constitute part of this report. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

Not
applicable. 

Item1B.
Unresolved Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

The
Company office is located at 2020 General Booth Blvd, Unit 230, Virginia Beach, VA 23454. Current rent expense is zero, since the Company
is sharing office space at no cost with its Director and CFO, Mr. Richard Kaiser. 

A
description of our mining properties is included in Item 1. Business and is incorporated herein by reference. We have written-off
the cost of the mining properties inasmuch as the value of any future revenue is unknown. We believe that we have good title to our mining
properties, subject to liens incident to minor encumbrances, liens for credit arrangements and easements and restrictions that do not
materially detract from the value of these properties, our interests in these properties, or the use of these properties in a business.
We have no plans to revive our mining operations at this time, although, we continue to evaluate the benefits of doing so. 

Our
mining claims are listed below: 

Name 
 Ownership
 Interest 
 Type
 of Claim 
 Acres 
 
 Poorman
 Lode Claim 
 29.167 
 Patented 
 3.44 
 
 London
 Lode Claim 
 29.167 
 Patented 
 17.52 
 
 North
 Empire Lode Claim 
 29.167 
 Patented 
 1.25 
 
 Illinois
 Central Lode Claim 
 29.167 
 Patented 
 2.85 
 
 South
 Poorman Lode Claim 
 29.167 
 Patented 
 20.57 
 
 Jackson
 Lode Claim 
 29.167 
 Patented 
 10.34 
 
 Oso
 Lode Claim 
 29.167 
 Patented 
 20.66 

A
patented mining claim is one which the federal government has passed title to the claimant, making the claimant the owner of the surface
and mineral rights. An unpatented mining claim is one which is still owned by the federal government, but which the claimant has
a right to possession to extracted minerals, provided the land is open to mineral entry. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

None 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosure(Removed and Reserved). 

Not
applicable. 

- 3 - 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock trades on the OTC Markets - Pink, OTCPK, under the trading symbol BRVO. 

The
following table sets forth the high and low bid prices for our common stock on the OTCPK as reported by various market makers: 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal
 2021 Quarter Ended: 

March
 31, 2021 
 0.25 
 0.158 

June
 30, 2021 
 0.251 
 0.12 
 
 September
 30, 2021 
 0.10 
 0.10 
 
 December
 31, 2021 
 0.041 
 0.04 

High 
 Low 
 
 Fiscal
 2022 Quarter Ended 

March
 31, 2022 
 0.049 
 0.049 

June
 30, 2022 
 0.035 
 0..035 
 
 September
 30, 2022 
 0.041 
 0.041 
 
 December
 31, 2022 
 0.05 
 0.05 

As
of December 31, 2022 we had 47,641,011 shares of our common stock outstanding. Our shares of common stock are held by approximately
122 stockholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial
owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers, dealers, and registered clearing agencies. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid or declared any dividends on our common stock, nor do we anticipate paying any cash dividends or other distributions on
our common stock in the foreseeable future. Any future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our board of directors and
will depend, among other things, on our earnings, if any, our financial requirements for future operations and growth, and other facts
as our board of directors may then deem appropriate. 

Preferred
Stock 

Bravo
Multinational, Inc. is authorized to issue an unlimited number of shares of Blank Check Preferred stock, with a par value
of 0.0001 per share. There are no Blank Check preferred shares outstanding and there is no trading market for our Blank
Check preferred stock. 

Additionally,
the Company is authorized to issue Series A Preferred stock. The Series A Preferred stock has a par value of 0.0001 per share, and
each share is entitled to receive one hundred (100) times the dividends per share of common stock, each shares has voting rights equal
to 100 shares of common stock, and they have liquidation rights and conversion rights equal to 100 shares of common stock. There are
no Series A Preferred outstanding at this time, and there is no trading market for the Series A Preferred stock. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

In
2022, The Company had no sales of unregistered securities. 

The
securities described above if any were issued would have had a reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2)
of the Securities Act or Rule 506(3) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Each investor acquired his securities
for investment purposes without a view to distribution and had access to information concerning us and our business prospects, as required
by the Securities Act. In addition, there was no general solicitation or advertising for the purchase of our securities. Our
securities were sold only to accredited investors, as defined in the Securities Act with whom we had a direct personal preexisting relationship,
and after a thorough discussion. Each certificate contained a restrictive legend as required by the Securities Act. Finally, our
stock transfer agent has been instructed not to transfer any of such securities, unless such securities are registered for resale or
there is an exemption with respect to their transfer. 

Corporate
Actions 

On
September 25, 2020, the Company filed a Definitive Information Statement on a shareholder consent to reincorporate Bravo Multinational
Incorporated from the State of Delaware to the State of Wyoming (See Exhibit 4.1). 

On
June 01, 2021, the Company accepted the resignations of Steve Gagnon, John LaViolette and Sasha Shapiro as directors. 

On
September 07, 2022, the Company dissolved the Business Advisory Board that was formed in 2020. 

- 4 - 

Directors 

The
following persons were elected to the board of directors to serve until the next annual meeting or until their replacement is elected: 

Merle
 Ferguson 
 Director 
 
 Richard
 Kaiser 
 Director 

Employment
Contracts 

On
February 1, 2020, the Board of Directors approved a 5-year contract for Mr. Merle Ferguson as the Company s Chairman President
with an annual salary of 300,000 to be paid in cash, shares or combination of cash and shares. 1,500,000 Preferred Series A shares
were issued to Mr. Ferguson as part of the compensation agreement (See Exhibit 10.10). On December 7, 2020, Bravo Multinational Incorporated,
issued 20,000,000 shares of its common stock issued to Mr. Ferguson in exchange for the return of the 1,500,000 shares of its Preferred
Series A shares. The common shares issued are thinly traded and because they are restricted from sale under Rule 144, it is very likely
that the actual cash value of those shares is greatly less than the aforementioned and imputed accounting value. 

On
February 1, 2020, the Board of Directors approved a 5-year contract for Mr. Richard Kaiser as the Company s Director, Chief Financial
Officer and Secretary with an annual salary of 175,000 to be paid in cash, shares or combination of cash and shares. 500,000 Preferred
Series A shares were issued to Mr. Kaiser as part of the compensation agreement (See Exhibit 10.11). On December 7, 2020, Bravo Multinational
Incorporated, issued 5,000,000 shares of its common stock to Mr. Kaiser in exchange for the return of the 500,000 shares of its Preferred
Series A shares. The common shares issued are thinly traded and because they are restricted from sale under Rule 144, it is very likely
that the actual cash value of those shares is greatly less than the aforementioned and imputed accounting value. 

Consulting
Agreements 

On
February 2, 2020, the Company signed a three year consulting agreement with Ms. Susan Donohue. In consideration for entering into that
contract, the Company issued a one-time payment of 500,000 Preferred Series A shares to Ms. Donohue as payment-in-full for the agreement
(See Exhibit 10.12). On December 7, 2020, the Series A Preferred shares issued to Ms. Donohue were returned to the Company in exchange
for 5,000,000 shares of common stock. The contract expired on February 02, 2023. 

Corporate
Events During 2022 

On
September 07, 2022, the Board of Directors dissolved the Business Advisory Board that was formed in November 2020. The dissolution
of the Business Advisory Board is not due to any disputes or disagreements. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

THE
FOLLOWING DISCUSSION SHOULD BE READ TOGETHER WITH THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELATED NOTES INCLUDED ELSEWHERE
IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K. 

The
following discussion reflects our plan of operation. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements which
are attached to this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our expected financial
position, business and financing plans. These statements involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially
from the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those discussed
below and elsewhere in this report, particularly under the headings Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 

Unless
the context otherwise suggests, we, our, us, and similar terms, as well as references to BRVO| 
and Bravo Multinational Incorporated, all refer to the Company . 

As
mentioned above, over the years, and prior to our entry into the business of the leasing of gaming equipment described below, we had
been engaged in the business of owning and leasing mining claims, see Item 1. Business - Former Business. 

For
a complete discussion of our former leasing of mining claims, please see our previous Form 10-Ks, 10-Qs, and 8-Ks filed with the SEC.

Coronavirus
Impact (COVID-19) 

Due
to the recent outbreak of the coronavirus reported in many countries worldwide, local and federal governments have issued travel advisories,
canceled large scale public events and closed schools. In addition, companies have begun to cancel conferences and travel plans and require
employees to work from home. Global financial markets have also experienced extreme volatility and disruptions to capital and credit
markets. 

Adverse
events such as health-related concerns about working in our offices, the inability to travel, potential impact on our business partners
and customers, and other matters affecting the general work and business environment could harm our business and delay the implementation
of our business strategy. 

Management
is currently aware of the global and domestic issues arising from the Covid-19 pandemic and the possible direct and indirect effects
on the Company s operations which could have a material adverse effect on the Company s current financial position, future results of
operations, or liquidity, because its current operations are limited. However, investors should also be aware of factors, which includes
the possibility of Covid-19 effects on operational status, could have a negative impact on the Company s prospects and the consistency
of progress in the areas of revenue generation, liquidity, and generation of capital resources. These may include: (i) variations in
revenue, (ii) possible inability to attract investors for its equity securities or otherwise raise adequate funds from any source should
the company seek to do so, (iii) increased governmental regulation or significant changes in that regulation, (iv) increased competition,
(v) unfavorable outcomes to litigation involving the Company or to which the Company may become a party in the future, and (vi) a very
competitive and rapidly changing operating environment. The adverse events may also adversely impact our ability to raise capital or
to continue as a going concern. We continue to monitor the recent outbreak of the coronavirus on our operations. The global economic
slowdown and the other risks and uncertainties associated with the pandemic could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth prospects. In addition, to the extent the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects the
Company s business and results of operations. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks and uncertainties which
the Company faces. 

- 5 - 

Going
Concern 

As
of December 31, 2022, Bravo Multinational had an accumulated deficit of 90,940,720. We, as managment, have substantial doubt about our
ability to continue as a going concern. While we are attempting to generate revenues, our cash position may not be significant enough
to support our daily operations. We intends to raise additional funds by way of an offering of our securities, and that the actions presently
being taken to further implement our business plan and generate revenues will improve the Company s operating results. While we believe
in the viability of our strategy to generate revenues and in our ability to raise additional funds, we may not be successful. Our ability
to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our capability to further implement our business plan and generate revenues. This issue
is addressed in footnote 4 to the financial statements. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022, compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues
for the Company s year ended December 31, 2022 totaled -0- and for year ended December 31, 2021 totaled -0. No machines sales occurred
throughout the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Cost
of Goods Sold for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled -0- and for year ended December 31, 2021 totaled -0. No gaming machines
were purchased or sold during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Gross
margins for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 0 , respectively. 

General
and Administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 totaled 8,793 compared to 9,436 for year ending December 31, 2021.
The decrease was attributed to lower fees paid to the Company s stock transfer agent in 2022. 

Professional
Fees for the year ending December 31, 2022 totaled 44,265 compared to 43,203 for year ending December 31, 2021, the increase was attributed
to higher legal and accounting fees incurred as a fully reporting Company with the SEC. 

Board
of Director fees for the year ending December 31, 2022 totaled 475,000 compared to 475,000 for year ending December 31, 2021. 

Total
Other (Income) and Expense for the year ending December 31, 2022 was -0-, compared to 107,513 for year ending December 31, 2021, the
decrease was because the Company had no gain from write-offs on Loan and Account Payables. 

Net
Loss 

Net
loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 528,058 and 420,126 respectively. The increase in loss in 2022 was attributed
due to the decrease in Total Other (Income) and Expense as mentioned per above. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources: 

As
of December 31, 2022, our only asset, consisted of Cash, totaled 73. The Company s total liabilities at December 31, 2022 were 1,767,537,
which consisted primarily of accounts payable, accrued expenses, customer deposits, and accrued board of director fees. As of this date
the Company had an accumulated deficit of 90,940,720 and working capital of deficit of 1,767,464. This increase in our deficit over
the same period in 2021, is due to the decrease in Total Other (Income) and Expense; no gains in write-offs for 2022. 

The
Company s significant operating losses raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern (see footnote 4 of the
financial statements). The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.
As indicated herein, we need capital for the implementation of our business plan, and we will need additional capital for continuing
our operations. We do not have sufficient revenues to pay our operating expenses at this time. Unless the Company is able to raise working
capital, it is likely that the Company will either have to cease operations or substantially change its methods of operations or change
its business plan. For the next 12 months the Company has an oral commitment from its CEO to advance funds as necessary to meet our operating
requirement. 

Cash
from Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 53,014 for year ended December 31, 2022, and was 47,942 for year ended December 31, 2021. 

Accounting
Principals 

Our
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with the United States generally accepted accounting
principles. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that impact the reported amounts of
assets, liabilities, revenue, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies.
 Critical accounting policies include revenue recognition and impairment of long-lived assets. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

In
June 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-07, Compensation - Stock Compensation (Topic 718) to expand the scope of ASC 718, Compensation
- Stock Compensation (Topic 718) ASU 2018-07 ), to include share-based payment transactions for acquiring goods and services
from nonemployees. The pronouncement is effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2018. The Company is still evaluating this ASU and anticipates it will not have significant impact on our condensed consolidated
financial statements and related disclosures. 

Revenue
Recognition 

In
accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), revenues are recognized when
control of the promised goods or services is transferred to our clients, in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect
to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. To achieve this core principle, we apply the following five steps: (1) Identify
the contract with a client; (2) Identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) Determine the transaction price; (4) Allocate
the transaction price to performance obligations in the contract; and (5) Recognize revenues when or as the company satisfies a performance
obligation. 

We
adopted this ASU on January 1, 2018. Although the new revenue standard is expected to have an immaterial impact, if any, on our ongoing
net income, we did implement changes to our processes related to revenue recognition and the control activities within them. 

- 6 - 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not
applicable. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

The
financial statements and related notes are included as part of this report as indexed in the appendix on page F-1, et seq . 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Operating Officer (our principal executive officer)
and Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), we have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our
disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as of the end of the period
covered by this report. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure
Controls as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. The Disclosure Controls evaluation was conducted under the supervision
and with the participation of management, including our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Disclosure Controls are
controls and procedures designed to reasonably assure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange
Act, such as this Form 10-K, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure Controls are also designed to provide reasonable assurance that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The
evaluation of our Disclosure Controls included a review of the controls objectives and design, our implementation of the controls
and the effect of the controls on the information generated for use in this Form 10-K. Throughout the course of our evaluation of our
internal control over financial reporting, we advised our Board of Directors that we had identified a material weakness as defined under
standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness
we identified is discussed in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting below. Our Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial
Officer have concluded that as a result of the material weakness, as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
our Disclosure Controls were not effective. 

Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting; as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. 

Our
internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of inherent limitations,
a system of internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate due to change in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management, including our principal operating officer and principal accounting officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission (COSO) in Internal Control - Integrated Framework. 

Based
on our evaluation, our management concluded that there is a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. The material
weakness identified did not result in the restatement of any previously reported financial statements or any related financial disclosure,
nor does management believe that it had any effect on the accuracy of the Company s financial statements for the current reporting
period. 

The
material weakness are set forth below: 

The Company has inadequate segregation of duties within its cash disbursement control design. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company internally performed all aspects of its financial reporting process, including,
but not limited to the underlying accounting records and the recording of journal entries and for the preparation of financial statements.
This process was deficient, because these duties were performed often times by the same people, and therefore a lack of review was created
over the financial reporting process that might result in a failure to detect errors in spreadsheets, calculations, or assumptions used
to compile the financial statements and related disclosures as filed with the SEC. These control deficiencies could result in a material
misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

The Company is continuing the process of remediating its control deficiencies. However, the material weakness in internal control over
financial reporting that has been identified will not be remediated until numerous internal controls are implemented and operate for
a period of time, are tested, and the Company is able to conclude that such internal controls are operating effectively. The Company
cannot provide assurance that these procedures will be successful in identifying material errors that may exist in the financial statements.
The Company cannot make assurances that it will not identify additional material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting
in the future. Management plans, as capital becomes available to the Company, to increase the accounting and financial reporting staff
and provide future investments in the continuing education and public company accounting training of our accounting and financial professionals. 

- 7 - 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i)
pertain to the maintenance of records, that in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions
of our assets; 

(ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorization
of our management and directors, and; 

(iii)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management,
including our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the May 2013 updated criteria set forth by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control over Financial Reporting - Guidance for Smaller Public
Companies. 

It
should be noted that any system of controls, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control system, there can be no assurance that any
design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Because
of the material weakness described above, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022 our internal control over financial reporting
was not effective based on the criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by COSO. There has been no change
in our internal controls that occurred during our most recent fiscal period that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
affect, our internal controls. 

In
May 2013, the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO released an updated version of its
Internal Control - Integrated Framework 2013 Framework ), Initially issued in 1992, the original framework 1992 Framework provided guidance to organizations to design, implement and evaluate the effectiveness of internal control concepts and simplify their
use and application. The 2013 Framework is intended to improve upon systems of internal control over external financial reporting by
formalizing the principles embedded in the 1992 Framework, incorporating business and operating environment changes and increasing the
framework ease of use and application. The 1992 Framework remained available until December 15, 2014, after which it was superseded by
the 2013 Framework. As of December 31, 2014, the Company transitioned to the 2013 Framework. The Company did not experience significant
changes to its internal control over financial reporting as a result of the transition to the 2013 Framework. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control
over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s registered public accounting
firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit smaller reporting companies like us to provide only management s report in this annual
report. 

This
report shall not be deemed to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the
liabilities of that section, and is not incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company, whether made before or after the date
hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

No
changes have occurred in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting during the Company s last fiscal quarter,
which has materially affected or is likely to affect such controls. 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The
following table sets forth information concerning the directors and executive officers of Bravo Multinational of December 31, 2022: 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 Director
 Since 
 
 Merle
 Ferguson 
 76 
 Chairman
 of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, and Director (Nov. 2018) 
 2018 
 
 Richard
 Kaiser 
 58 
 Secretary
 and Corporate Governance Officer, Interim Chief Financial Officer (Feb. 2017) 
 2016 

The
following sets forth biographical information regarding the Company s directors. 

Mr.
Ferguson became Chairman of the Board, CEO and President of the Company in November 2018. Prior to that, he had no relationship
with the Company. Mr. Ferguson attended Yakima Valley College from 1964-1966 with a major in forestry and a minor in Business Management.
In April of 1966, he enlisted in the United States Marine Corps, serving two tours in Vietnam, and was honorably discharged in 1970.
From January 12, 2010 to March, 19, 2019, Mr. Ferguson served as Chairman, Secretary, Treasurer and a majority shareholder of Predictive
Technology Group, Inc., a company located in Salt Lake City, Utah, a biotech company involved in the manufacturing and marketing of products
involving stem cells and genetic therapeutics. Predictive Technology Group, Inc. s stock trades on the OTC Markets-Pink. Mr. Ferguson
became Chairman of the Board of Bioforce Nanosciences Holdings, Inc. (BFNH) on July 8, 2013, and subsequently on December 1, 2016 he
also became CEO and President of that Company. He resigned as CEO and President of Bioforce in November 2021, but remains BFNH s Chairman.
BFNH is a fully reporting entity with its stock trading on the OTC MARKET - Pink under the symbol BFNH. From January 2009 to the present,
Mr. Ferguson had served as Chairman, President, CEO, CFO and majority owner of Element Global, Inc., located in Los Angeles, California.
 Element Global provides mining, media and energy services. Beginning in May, 2014, Mr. Ferguson also became Chairman and President
of Element Global. The stock of Element Global is trades on the OTC Markets Pink, no information market. From January 2002 to 2014, Mr.
Ferguson served as an Officer and Director of Gold Rock Holdings, Inc. Since 2014, he has also served as President, Chairman and CEO
of Gold Rock, located in Virginia Beach, Virginia. Gold Rock Holdings is a Nevada Corporation which trades under the symbol GRHI on OTC
Markets. Gold Rock Holdings, Inc. provides underground contruction managment services for laying fiber optic and copper cables. The Board
reviewed Mr. Ferguson s background and it considers him as qualified to fill this position, due to his extensive business experience
and work with public companies. 

- 8 - 

Richard
Kaiser since 2018 is the Company s Director, Acting CFO, Corporate Secretary and Corporate Governance Officer. He has served as an officer
and Co-Owner of Yes International since July, 1991. Yes International is a full-service EDGAR conversion filing agent, investor relations
and venture capital firm located in Virginia Beach, Virginia. In 1990, Mr. Kaiser received a Bachelor of Arts degree in International
Economics from Oakland University (formerly known as Michigan State University-Honors College.) From July 1, 2013 to the present, Mr.
Kaiser has also served as a director, secretary and interim CFO of BioForce NanoSciences Holdings, a public company, trades under symbol
BFNH on OTC Markets and is Nevada Corporation with its headquarters located in Virginia Beach, Virginia. BioForce NanoSciences Holdings,
Inc. is in the business private labeling vitamins and nutritional supplements. In August 2022, Mr. Kaiser became a Director and Cheif
Finanical Officer of Gold Rock Holdings, Inc., located in Virginia Beach, VA. Gold Rock Holdings is a Nevada Corporation which tracdes
under the symbol GRHI on OTC Markets. Gold Rock Holdings, Inc. provides underground contruction managment services for laying fiber optic
and copper cables. The Board reviewed Mr. Kaiser s background and considered him qualified for his position due to his educational background
and his experience with SEC filings and public companies. 

Committees
of the Board 

We
currently have an Executive Committee of our board of directors which was established on March 24, 2015. However, we do not currently
have an Audit, Finance, Compensation, or Nominating Committee, or any other committee of the board of directors. We have adopted a charter
for the Executive Committee as well as charters for the other committees, in the event that we elect to implement them. Copies of the
charters for each committee have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, we have posted copies
of the charters for each committee on our website at www.bravomultinational.com. We will provide to any person without charge, upon request,
a copy of the charter for any of our committees. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required by law
concerning any amendments to our committees or their charters. Any such request should be directed to Mr. Richard Kaiser, our corporate
secretary, at 3419 Virginia Beach Boulevard, Unit 252, Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452, telephone (757) 306-6090, or you may email Mr.
Kaiser at info@bravomultinational.com. The information contained in our website shall not constitute part of this filing. 

For
the areas where we dont have committees, such responsibilities of these committees are fulfilled by our board of directors and all of
our directors participate in such responsibilities, none of whom is independent as defined under Rule 4200(a)(15) of the
NASDAQ s listing standards described below. Our financial constraints have made it extremely difficult to attract and retain qualified
independent board members. Since we do not have any of the subject committees, other than our Executive Committee, our entire board of
directors participates in all of the considerations with respect to our audit, finance, compensation, and nomination deliberations. 

Rule
4200(a)(15) of the NASDAQ s listing standards defines an independent director as a person other than an executive officer
or employee of the Company or any other individual having a relationship which, in the opinion of the issuer s board of directors, would
interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The following persons shall not
be considered independent: 

A director who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by the company. 

A director who accepted or who has a Family Member who accepted any compensation from the Company in excess of 120,000 during any period
of twelve consecutive months within the three years preceding the determination of independence, other than the following: (i) compensation
for board or board committee service; (ii) compensation paid to a Family Member who is an employee (other than as an executive officer)
of the Company; or (iii) benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan, or non-discretionary compensation. Provided, however, that in
addition to the requirements contained in this paragraph, audit committee members are also subject to additional, more stringent requirements
under NASDAQ Rule 4350(d). 

A director who is a Family Member of an individual who is, or at any time during the past three years was, employed by the Company as
an executive officer; 

A director who is, or has a Family Member who is, a partner in, or a controlling stockholder or an executive officer of, any organization
to which the Company made, or from which the Company received, payments for property or services in the current or any of the past three
fiscal years that exceed five percent of the recipients consolidated gross revenues for that year, or 200,000, whichever is more, other
than the following: (i) payments arising solely from investments in the Company s securities; or (ii) payments under non-discretionary
charitable contribution matching programs; 

A director of the issuer who is, or has a Family Member who is, employed as an executive officer of another entity where at any time
during the past three years any of the executive officers of the issuer serve on the compensation committee of such other entity; or 

A director who is, or has a Family Member who is, a current partner of the Company s outside auditor, or was a partner or employee of
Bravo s outside auditor who worked on the Company s audit at any time during any of the past three years. 

We
hope to add qualified independent members of our board of directors at a later date, depending upon our ability to reach and maintain
financial stability. 

Executive
Committee 

In
accordance with Article III of our Bylaws, our board of directors has established an Executive Committee which consists of members who
have been appointed by the board of directors. Thereafter, the chairman of the Executive Committee, Merle Ferguson was appointed by the
members of the Executive Committee. The other member of the Executive Committee is Richard Kaiser. The members of the Executive Committee
shall serve at the pleasure of the board of directors or until their successors shall be duly designated. Vacancies in the Executive
Committee shall be filled by the board of directors. 

During
the intervals between the meetings of the board of directors, the Executive Committee shall have and may exercise all of the authority
of the board of directors in the management of the business affairs of Bravo to the extent authorized by the resolution providing for
the Executive Committee or by subsequent resolution adopted by a majority of the whole board of directors. This authorization is subject
to the limitations imposed by law, the bylaws of Bravo Multinational Incorporated or the board of directors. 

During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, the Executive Committee held no formal meetings. 

Audit
Committee 

The
entire board of directors performs the functions of an audit committee, but no written charter governs the actions of the board when
performing the functions of what would generally be performed by an audit committee. The board approves the selection of our independent
accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss issues related to financial reporting. In addition, the
board reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent accountants, reviews with management and the independent accountants
our annual operating results, considers the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting
matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent auditor. At the present time, Richard
Kaiser, our chief financial officer is considered to be our expert in financial and accounting matters. 

- 9 - 

Nominating
Committee 

Our
size and the size of our board, at this time, do not require a separate nominating committee. This function is performed by the entire
board of directors. 

Finance
Committee 

Although
we currently do not have a Finance Committee, we have adopted a charter which provides that when established it will oversee all areas
of corporate finance for Bravo and its subsidiaries, including capital structure, equity and debt financing, capital expenditures, cash
management, banking activities and relationships, investments, foreign exchange activities and share repurchase activities. The Finance
Committee will consist of a minimum of three members of the board of directors, the majority of whom shall meet the same independence
and experience requirements of the Audit Committee of Bravo and the applicable provisions of federal law and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules of the OTC Market, the NASDAQ Stock Market, the New York Stock Exchange, or any other
exchange where the shares of Bravo may be listed or quoted for sale. The members of the Finance Committee are to be recommended by the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and are appointed by and serve at the discretion of the board of directors. 

Compensation
Committee 

Although
we currently do not have a Compensation Committee, we have adopted a charter which provides that when established it is to assist the
board of directors in meeting its responsibilities with regard to oversight and determination of executive compensation and to review
and make recommendations to the board of directors with respect to major compensation plans, policies and programs of Bravo. The Compensation
Committee shall consist of not fewer than two members of the board of directors, with the exact number being determined by the board.
Members of the Compensation Committee shall be appointed from time to time to serve in such capacity by the Board. Each member shall
meet the independence and outside director requirements of applicable tax and securities laws and regulations and stock market rules. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

With
respect to transactions involving real or apparent conflicts of interest, we have adopted written policies and procedures, which are
contained in our Corporate Governance Principles, and which require that: 

The fact of the relationship or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed or made known to the directors prior to their
authorization or approval of such actions; 

The transaction to be approved by a majority of our disinterested directors; and 

The transaction to be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our directors. 

Code
of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers 

We
have adopted an amended Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers that applies to our president, chief
executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, and all financial officers, including the principal accounting officer. 

Code
of Business Conduct 

We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct, which applies to Bravo and all of our subsidiaries, whereby we expect each employee to use sound
judgment to help us maintain appropriate compliance procedures and to carry out our business in compliance with laws and high ethical
standards. Each of our employees is expected to read our Code of Business Conduct and demonstrate personal commitment to the standards
set forth in our Code of Business Conduct. Our officers and other supervising employees are expected to be leaders in demonstrating this
personal commitment to the standards outlined in our Code of Business Conduct and recognizing indications of illegal or improper conduct.
All employees are expected to report appropriately any indications of illegal or improper conduct. An employee who does not comply with
the standards set forth in our Code of Business Conduct may be subject to discipline in light of the nature of the violation, including
termination of employment. 

Copies
of our Corporate Governance Principles, our amended Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers, and our
Code of Business Conduct have been previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will provide to any person without
charge, upon request, a copy of our Corporate Governance Principles, our amended Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior
Financial Officers, and our Code of Business Conduct. In addition, we intend to post on our website all disclosures that are required
by law concerning any amendments to our Corporate Governance Principles, our amended Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and
Senior Financial Officers, and our Code of Business Conduct. Any request for review of such documents should be directed to Mr. Richard
Kaiser, our corporate secretary, at 3419 Virginia Beach Boulevard, Unit 252, Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452, telephone (757) 306-6090,
or email him at info@bravomultinational.com. The information contained on our website shall not constitute part of this Information Statement. 

Business
Advisory Board 

On
September 07, 2022, the Board of Directors dissolved the Business Advisory Board that was formed in November 2020. The dissolution
of the Business Advisory Board is not due to any disputes or disagreements. 

Board
of Directors Meetings 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our board of directors held one (1) formal meetings. All of Bravo s directors attended 100 of our
meetings in 2022. 

Communication
with Directors 

Stockholders
and other interested parties may contact any of our directors by writing to them at Bravo Multinational Incorporated, 3419 Virginia Beach
Boulevard, Unit 252, Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452, Attention: Corporate Secretary, telephone 757-306-6090, or email at info@bravomultinational.com. 

Our
board has approved a process for handling letters received by us and addressed to any of our directors. Under that process, our vice
president reviews all such correspondence and regularly forwards to the directors a summary of all such correspondence, together with
copies of all such correspondence that, in the opinion of our vice president, deal with functions of the board or committees thereof
or that he otherwise determines requires their attention. Directors may at any time review a log of all correspondence received by us
that are addressed to members of the board and request copies of such correspondence. 

- 10 - 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

Summary
of Cash and Certain Other Compensation 

At
present, Bravo Multinational Incorporated has two executive officers. Beginning in March 2015, the compensation program for our executives
consists of three key elements: 

A base salary; 

Additional compensation; and, 

Periodic grants and/or options of our common stock. 

Base
Salary . Our executive officers receive compensation based on such factors as competitive industry salaries, a subjective assessment
of the contribution and experience of the officer, and the specific recommendation by our board of directors. 

Additional
Compensation . Each of our officers receives additional compensation as provided in the officers employment agreement. All payments
to officers must be approved by our board of directors or compensation committee based on the individual officer s performance and company
performance. 

Stock
Incentive . Stock grants and options are awarded to executive officers based on their positions and individual performance. Stock
grants and options provide incentive for the creation of stockholder value over the long term and aid significantly in the recruitment
and retention of executive officers. The board of directors or compensation committee considers the recommendations of the chief executive
officer for stock grants and options to executive officers (other than the chief executive officer) and approves, disapproves or modifies
such recommendation. Stock grants and options for our executive officers will be recommended and approved by our board of directors.
See Market Price of and Dividends on our Common Equity and Related Stockholder Matters - Securities Authorized for Issuance under
Equity Compensation Plans. 

Bravo
Multinational Incorporated Summary Compensation Table 

The
following table sets forth compensation for our two named executive officers for the two completed fiscal years ended December 31, 2021
and December 31, 2020: 

Name
 and Principal Position 
 Year 
 
 Salary
 )(2) 
 
 Stock 
 Award ) 
 Total ) 
 (1)(2) 
 
 Merle
Ferguson 
 President,
CEO and Director 
 2021 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Richard
Kaiser 
 CFO,Secretary
and Director 
 2021 
 2022 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

(1)
Does not include perquisites and other personal benefits, or property, unless the aggregate amount of such compensation is more than
 10,000. 

(2)
Employment agreements were entered into with Mr. Ferguson and Mr. Kaiser in 2020. Under the terms of those employment agreements Mr.
Ferguson is owed 300,000 as of the year-ended December 31, 2022 and is owed 300,000 for year-ended December 31, 2021, totaling 600,000.
Total accrured compensation owed to Mr. Ferguson is 857,000. Mr. Kaiser is owed 175,000 as of the year-ended December 31, 2022 and
is owed 175,000 as of the year-ended December 31, 2021. Total accrured compensation owed to Mr. Kaiser is 586,417. Those amounts have
been accrued by the Company, but not paid. These wages may or may not be paid in the future or, in the alternative, the Company could
issue stock in lieu of cash payments. Any common shares issued are thinly traded and because they are restricted from sale under Rule
144, it is very likely that the actual cash value of those shares is greatly less than the aforementioned and imputed accounting value. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

None. 

Bravo
Multinational Employment Agreements 

As
of December 31, 2022, Bravo Multinational Incorporated has employment agreements with Mr. Merle Ferguson, Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer, and President and with Mr. Richard Kaiser, acting Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, and Corporate Governance Officer. 

Merle
Ferguson s Employment Agreement: On February 1, 2020, Mr. Ferguson entered into five-year (5) employment contract as the Company s
Chairman President with an annual salary of 300,000 to be paid in cash, shares or combination of cash and shares. A 1,500,000
Preferred Series A was agreed to be issued as part of the compensation agreement (See Exhibit 10.10). On December 07, 2020, the Company
issued 20,000,000 common shares in exchange for the 1,500,000 Series Preferred A shares. The Series A Preferred shares were then returned
to authorized unissued status. The common shares issued are thinly traded and because they are restricted from sale under Rule 144, it
is very likely that the actual cash value of those shares is greatly less than the aforementioned and imputed accounting value. 

Richard
Kaiser s Employment Agreement: On February 1, 2020, Mr. Kaiser entered into a new five-year (5) contract as the Company s Director,
Chief Financial Officer and Secretary with an annual salary of 175,000 to be paid in cash, shares or combination of cash and shares.
500,000 Preferred Series A shares were issued to Mr. Kaiser as a signing bonus for entering into the employment agreement (See Exhibit
10.11). On December 07, 2020, the Company issued to Mr. Kaiser 5,000,000 common shares in exchange for the 500,000 Series Preferred A 
shares. The Series A Preferred shares were then returned to authorized unissued status. The common shares issued are thinly
traded and because they are restricted from sale under Rule 144, it is very likely that the actual cash value of those shares is greatly
less than the aforementioned and imputed accounting value. 

You
may obtain copies of the employment agreements at www.sec.gov or by clicking on the Securities and Exchange Commission Filings link on
the Investor Relations section of our website at www.bravomultinational.com, or by contacting Mr. Richard Kaiser, our Corporate Secretary,
at 3419 Virginia Beach Boulevard, Unit 252, Virginia Beach, Virginia 23452, telephone (757) 306-6090, or email him at info@bravomultinational.com . 

- 11 - 

Director
Compensation 

The
following table provides information relating to compensation of our directors for our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The
current directors do not receive compensation for their duties as directors. 

Name 
 Fees
 Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock
 Awards ) 
 Option
 Awards ) 
 Non-Equity
 Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-qualified
Deferred Compensation Earnings 
 ) 
 All
Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Merle
 Ferguson 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 
 Richard
 Kaiser 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 
 -0- 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The
following table presents information regarding the beneficial ownership of all shares of our common stock as of the date of this filing
by: 

Each person who owns beneficially more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our common stock; 

Each director; and, 

All directors and officers as a group. 

Name
 of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Shares
of Common Stock 
 Beneficially
Owned (2) 

Number 
 Percent
 (11) 
 
 Merle
 Ferguson(2)(3)(4) 
 20,000,000 
 41.98 
 
 Richard
 Kaiser (2)(3)(5) 
 6,664,801 
 13.99 
 
 All
 Directors and Officers as a group (5 people) 
 26,664,801 
 55.97 
 
 Paul
 Parliament (6) 
 5,013,687 
 10.52 
 
 Susan
 Donohue(7) 
 5,000,000 
 10.50 

(1)
Unless otherwise indicated, the address for each of these stockholders is c/o Bravo Multinational Incorporated Co., 2020 General Booth
Blvd., Unit 230, Virginia Beach, VA 23454. Also, unless otherwise indicated, each person named in the table above has the sole voting
and investment power with respect to our shares of common stock or preferred stock which they beneficially own. 

(2)
Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. As of February 08, 2023
there were outstanding 47,641,011 shares of our common stock outstanding. Therefore, the controlling stockholders , as
a group, have voting control over all matters which may be acted upon by our stockholders. There are no voting agreements among
the controlling stockholders. 

(3)
Mr. Ferguson now effectively controls 41.98 , and Mr. Kaiser controls 13.99 of the outstanding shares of common stock together they
control 55.97 of the voting shares outstanding. 

(4)
Mr. Ferguson is our Chairman of the board of the directors, Chief Executive Officer, President and a director; all 20,000,000 shares
are Rule 144 - Restricted shares. 

(5) Mr. Kaiser, our Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Corporate Governance Officer, and Director, has 5,490,041 Rule 144 - Restricted
shares and 587,380 freely trades shares for a total of 6,664,801 common shares. 

(6)
Mr. Parliament is a former office and director who owns 5,013,687 shares. 

(7)
Ms. Susan Donohue was issued 5,000,000 Rule 144 - Restricted shares issued per terms of a non-employee consulting agreement. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. 

The
Company is sharing office space at no cost with its Director and Acting CFO, Mr. Richard Kaiser at his office, Yes International, LLC. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services. 

Audit
Fees 

The
aggregate fees billed by BF Borgers, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, for professional services rendered for the audit
of our annual financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 34,600 and 32,400, respectively, with
a total for both years of 67,000. 

Audit
Related Fees 

None. 

Tax
Fees 

The
aggregate tax fees billed by BF Borgers, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, for professional services rendered for tax services
for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was -0- and -0-,respectively. 

All
Other Fees 

There
were no other fees billed by BF Borgers, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, for professional services rendered during the
fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, other than as stated under the captions Audit Fees, Audit-Related Fees, and Tax Fees. 

Section
16A Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

All
Section 16A reporting is current with the filings of both Form 3s and Form 4s. 

- 12 - 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)
All financial statements are included in Item 8 of this report. 

(b)All
financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this report and the exhibits contained in this report are included in
Item 8 of this report. 

(c)
The following exhibits are attached to this report: 

Exhibit
 No. 
 Identification
 of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 Articles
 of Incorporation Bravo Multinational Inc.( Wyoming) Original and Amended; Filed in Form DEFR 14C - September 29, 2020 
 
 3.2 
 Bylaws
 of Bravo Multinational Inc. (Wyoming);Filed in Form DEFR 14C -September 29, 2020 
 
 4.1 
 Agreement
 and Plan of Merger from Bravo Multinational, Inc. (Delaware) to Bravo Multinational, Inc.(Wyoming); Filed in Form DEFR 14C - September
 29, 2020 
 
 4.2 
 Articles
 of Merger from Bravo Multinational, Inc. (Delaware) to Bravo Multinational, Inc.(Wyoming); Dated October 02, 2020; Filed March 3,
 2021 as Exhibit 4.2, Form 10-K for year ended Dec. 31, 2020 
 
 4.3 
 Certificate
 of Merger from Bravo Multinational, Inc. (Delaware) to Bravo Multinational, Inc.(Wyoming); Dated October 02, 2020; Filed March 3,
 2021 as Exhibit 4.3, on Form 10-K for year ended Dec. 31, 2020 

10.1 
 Charter
 of the Audit Committee of Goldland Holdings Co. dated March 24, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.1 on Form 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1, on April
 1, 2015, Commission File Number 000-53505. 
 
 10.2 
 Charter
 of the Compensation Committee of Goldland Holdings Co. dated March 24, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.2 on Form 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1,
 on April 1, 2015, Commission File Number 000-53505. 
 
 10.3 
 Corporate
 Governance Principles of the Board of Directors of Goldland Holdings Co. dated March 24, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.3 on Form 8-K/A,
 Amendment No. 1, on April 1, 2015, Commission File Number 000-53505. 
 
 10.4 
 Charter
 of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of Goldland Holdings Co. dated March 24, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.4 on Form
 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1, on April 1, 2015, Commission File Number 000-53505. 
 
 10.5 
 Charter
 of the Finance Committee of Goldland Holdings Co. dated March 24, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.5 on Form 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1, on
 April 1, 2015, Commission File Number 000-53505. 
 
 10.6 
 Charter
 of the Governance and Nominating Committee of Goldland Holdings Co. dated March 24, 2015, filed as Exhibit 10.6 on Form 8-K/A, Amendment
 No. 1, on April 1, 2015, Commission File Number 000-53505. 
 
 10.7 
 
 Order
 to Convert (corrected)-Douglas Brooks- December 4, 2019; Filed as Exhibit 10.42 of Form 10-K September 03, 2019. 

10.8 
 
 Private
 Placement Agreement - M. Corrigan July 16, 2019 (filed as exhibit 10.13 on September 30, 2017 Qtr. Report). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement -RSDI Enterprises Aldo Dalla-Vecchia, July, 1 2019 (filed as exhibit 10.14 on September 30, 2017 Qtr. Report). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Employment
 Contract- Ferguson- February 1, 2020. 
 
 10.11 
 
 Employment
 Contract-Kaiser-February 1, 2020. 
 
 10.12 
 
 Consulting
 Agreement -Donohue- February 4, 2020. 
 
 14.1 
 Code
 of Business Conduct of Goldland Holdings Co. dated March 24, 2015, filed as Exhibit 14.1 to the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1, on April 1, 2015, Commission File Number 000-53505. 
 
 14.2 
 Amended
 Code of Ethics for Officers of Goldland Holdings Co. dated March 24, 2015, filed as Exhibit 14.2 to the Registrant s Current Report
 on Form 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1, on April 1, 2015, Commission File Number 000-53505. 
 
 31.1+ 
 Certification
 of Merle Ferguson Chief Executive Officer of Bravo Multinational Incorporated, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant
 to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2+ 
 Certification
 of Richard Kaiser, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Bravo Multinational Incorporated, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1+ 
 Certification
 of Merle Ferguson Chief Executive Officer of Bravo Multinational Incorporated, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
 pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2+ 
 Certification
 of Richard Kaiser, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Bravo Multinational Incorporated, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101+ 
 XBRL
 Interactive Exhibits. 
 
 ____________ 

+Filed
herewith. 

Previously
filed. 

- 13 - 

SIGNATURES 

In
accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this amended report
to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

BRAVO
MULTINATIONAL INCORPORATED 

Date:
March 6, 2023 

By /s/
Merle Ferguson 

 Merle
Ferguson, President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chairman 

By /s/
Richard Kaiser 

 Richard
Kaiser, Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this amended report has been signed by the following persons
on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 
 
 /s/
 Merle Ferguson 
 Merle Ferguson 
 
 Chairman,
 President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 March
 6 , 2023 

/s/
 Richard Kaiser 
 Richard Kaiser 
 
 CFO,
 Secretary, Corporate Governance Officer and Director 
 
 March
 6 , 2023 

- 14 - 

BRAVO
MULTINATIONAL INCORPORATED 

FINANCIAL
 REPORTS 
 
 AT 
 
 DECEMBER
 31, 2022 

TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021-Audited 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021- Audited 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021-Audited 
 F-6 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021-Audited 
 F-7 
 
 Notes
 to the Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 5041) 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Bravo Multinational Incorporated 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Bravo Multinational Incorporated as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
statements of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the
years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
4 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 4. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be
communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. 

We
determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/S/
 (PCAOB ID 

 We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017 

March
6, 2023 

F- 2 

Bravo
 Multinational Incorporated 

CONDENSED
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts Receivable (Net of Allowance of and , respectively) 

Note Receivable (Net of Allowance of and , respectively) 

Notes Receivable - Related Party (Net of Allowance of and , respectively) 

Prepaid Expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Liabilities 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Customer Deposits 

Due to Related Parties 

Accrued Board of Directors Fees 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) 

Stockholders Deficit 

Common Stock - Par; Shares Authorized, Issued and Outstanding, Respectively 

Additional Paid-In-Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Bravo
 Multinational Incorporated 

CONDENSED
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Expenses 

General and Administrative 

Professional Fees 

Board of Directors Fees 

Total Expenses 

Loss from Operations 

Other (Income) and Expense 

Interest Expense 

Gain on Loan Payable Forgiveness and Write off 

Gain on Write off of Accounts Payable 

Total Other (Income) and Expense 

Loss Before Income Taxes 

Income Taxes 

Net Loss 

Weighted Average Number of Common Shares -Basic and Diluted 

Net Loss Per Common Shares -Basic and Diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Bravo
 Multinational Incorporated 

CONDENSED
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Common Stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

0.0001 Par 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 

Balance - January 1, 2021 

Net Loss 

Balance - December 31, 2021 

Capital Contribution 

Net Loss 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Bravo
 Multinational Incorporated 

CONDENSED
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net Loss 

Non-Cash Adjustments 

Gain on Write off of Accounts Payable 

Gain on Loan Payable Forgiveness and Write off 

Changes in Assets and Liabilities: 

Prepaid Expenses 

Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Accrued Board of Directors Fees 

Net Cash Flows Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Capital Contributions 

Due to Related Parties, Net 

Net Cash Flows Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year 

Cash Paid During the Year for: 

Interest 

Income Taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

net
royalty on all minerals extracted by SFMI from tailing piles on the premises or through shafts or adits located on the premises. The
lease agreement was deferred for a two year period, 2014 and 2015, so that SFMI could restructure its finances. The Company determined
that SFMI is unable to pay the lease and that any debt owing by SFMI to the Company is not recoverable. The Company currently owns 
acres within seven patented claims with a ownership interest on War Eagle Mountain in the state of Idaho. The Company allowed
all of its BLM (Bureau of Land Management) unpatented and placer claims to expire. The carrying value on such claims both patented and
unpatented was fully impaired due to lack of economic viabilities of such properties. 

The
Company is currently engaged in the business of buying and reselling gaming equipment. The Company also buys machines for its own
use that are placed in casinos or gaming areas to obtain monthly revenue streams from the machines net win revenue. 

Less: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Net Accounts Receivable 

Due
to civil unrest and the devastation of Hurricane Nate in Nicaragua in October 2017, the Company wrote off the machine income that was
in accounts receivable on December 31, 2017 in the amount of . 

The
Allowance for Doubtful Accounts in the amount of was collected but it remains in Nicaragua because of the political instability,
social unrest, and US Government s trade and economic sanctions; no transfer of funds to the US can be done at this time. Since these
issues have yet to be resolved both domestically and internationally with Nicaragua, the amount has not been paid in the US and
has been written-off. Since the revenue was earned and collected in Nicaragua, the revenue remains recognized as an account receivable. 

Rentcom See Note 8 Related Party 

Total Notes Receivable 

Less: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts 

Net Notes Receivable Related Parties 

Since
no collections have been received on the above notes through the date of this report, the Company has allowed for these notes receivable
in full at December 31, 2017. 

. The sales were financed by a notes receivable in the amount
of . Due to uncertainty of repayment, the notes receivable of were allowed for as a bad debt at December 31, 2017
(See Note 6). The above mentioned sales were also paid for by reducing Mr. Parliaments note payable from the Company in the amount
of . 

During
the year ended December 31, 2017, seventy-five (75) gaming machines were sold to a company controlled by Mr. Doug Brooks, a former director
of the Company, for a total of . The sale reduced the note payable to Mr. Brooks in the amount of . The sale was also
financed by a note receivable in the amount of . Due to uncertainty of repayment, the note receivable of was allowed for
as a bad debt at December 31, 2017 (See Note 6). 

Due
to Related Parties consist of payments of Company expenses by the Company s two (2) current directors, and one (1) former director.
 Amounts due were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

The
Company utilizes the services of Yes International Inc., which is controlled by Mr. Richard Kaiser who is a member of the Board of Directors.
 Yes International provides all services at no cost except for press release wire services. For each of the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 the Company paid press release wire services in the amount of - -. The Company also currently operates
out of the Yes International Inc., offices at no cost. 

from . of these blank check preferred shares have been separately allocated to Series A Preferred leaving 
blank check preferred authorized. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were - - shares
issued and outstanding. 

Common
Stock 

On
January 16, 2017, the Articles of Incorporation were amended to increase the authorized shares to , consisting of 
shares of common stock. 

Stock
Compensation Plan 

On
March 15, 2018, the Company resolved to adopt the Employees, Officers, Directors and Consultants Stock Plan for the Year 2018. The purpose
of this Plan is to enable the Company, to promote the interests of the company and its stockholders by attracting and retaining employees,
officers, directors and consultants capable of furthering the future success of the Company and by aligning their economic interests
more closely with those of the company s stockholders, by paying their retainers or fees in the form of shares of the Company s common
stock. The Plan shall expire on March 15, 2028. As of December 31, 2022, no shares had been issued from this plan. 

-. 

F- 10 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Merle Ferguson, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K, of Bravo Multinational, Inc..; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and Report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 6, 2023 

/s/
Merle Ferguson 

 Merle
Ferguson, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Richard Kaiser, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Form 10-K, of Bravo Multinational, Inc..; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods present in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and Report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 6, 2023 

/s/
Richard Kaiser 

 Richard
Kaiser, Acting Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K, of Bravo Multinational, Inc. for the year ending December 31, 2022, I, Merle
Ferguson, Chief Executive Officer of Bravo Multinational, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

1.
Such Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ending December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bravo Multinational, Inc. 

Date:
March 6, 2023 

/s/Merle
Ferguson 

 Merle
Ferguson , Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K, of Bravo Multinational, Inc.. for the year ending December 31, 2022, I,
Richard Kaiser, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Bravo Multinational, Inc., hereby certify pursuant to 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of my knowledge and belief, that: 

1.
Such Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ending December 31, 2022, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ending December 31, 2022, fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Bravo Multinational, Inc. 

Date:
March 6, 2023 

/s/
Richard Kaiser 

 Richard
Kaiser, Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 brvo-20221231.xsd

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 brvo-20221231_def.xml

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 brvo-20221231_lab.xml

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 brvo-20221231_pre.xml

</EX-101.PRE>

