<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230228_10-K_edgar_data_1538849_0000950170-23-004794.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22139299</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>523398</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3039239</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10928180</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2712405</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4423455</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-004794.hdr.sgml : 20230228
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227204010
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-004794
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		126
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230228
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CrossAmerica Partners LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001538849
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-PETROLEUM & PETROLEUM PRODUCTS (NO BULK STATIONS) [5172]
		IRS NUMBER:				454165414
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35711
		FILM NUMBER:		23677843

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		645 HAMILTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ALLENTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18101
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-625-8000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		645 HAMILTON STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 400
		CITY:			ALLENTOWN
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			18101

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lehigh Gas Partners LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-004794.txt : 20230228

10-K
 1
 capl-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 	ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 	TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of our common units based on the closing price on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million. 
 As of February 23, 2023, the registrant had outstanding common units. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 

PART I 
 
 1 

Commonly Used Defined Terms 
 
 1 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 5 

Item 1. Business 
 
 7 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 12 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 38 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 38 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 39 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 39 

PART II 
 
 40 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 40 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 40 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 40 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 58 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 59 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 98 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 98 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 98 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 98 

PART III 
 
 99 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 99 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 104 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 116 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 117 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 120 

PART IV 
 
 122 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 122 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 124 

Signatures 
 
 125 

PART I 
 COMMONLY USED DEFINED TERMS 
 
 The following is a list of certain acronyms and terms generally used in the industry and throughout this document: 

CrossAmerica Partners LP and subsidiaries: 

CrossAmerica 
 CrossAmerica Partners LP, the Partnership, CAPL, we, us, our 

Holdings 
 
 CAPL JKM Holdings LLC, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CrossAmerica and sole member of CAPL JKM Partners 

CAPL JKM Partners 
 
 CAPL JKM Partners LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings 

CAPL JKM Wholesale 
 CAPL JKM Wholesale LLC 

Joe s Kwik Marts 
 Joe s Kwik Marts LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CAPL JKM Partners 

LGW 
 Lehigh Gas Wholesale LLC 

LGPR 
 LGP Realty Holdings LP 

LGWS 
 Lehigh Gas Wholesale Services, Inc. and subsidiaries 

CrossAmerica Partners LP related parties: 

DMI 
 Dunne Manning Inc. (formerly Lehigh Gas Corporation), an entity affiliated with the Topper Group 

DMP 
 Dunne Manning Partners LLC, an entity affiliated with the Topper Group and controlled by Joseph V. Topper, Jr. Since November 19, 2019, DMP has owned 100 of the membership interests in the sole member of the General Partner. 

DMS 
 Dunne Manning Stores LLC (formerly known as Lehigh Gas-Ohio, LLC), an entity affiliated with the Topper Group. Through April 14, 2020, DMS was an operator of retail motor fuel stations. DMS leased sites from us in accordance with a master lease agreement and purchased a significant portion of its motor fuel for these sites from us on a wholesale basis under rack plus pricing. The financial results of DMS were not consolidated with ours. 

General Partner 
 CrossAmerica GP LLC, the General Partner of CrossAmerica, a Delaware limited liability company, indirectly owned by the Topper Group 

Topper Group 
 Joseph V. Topper, Jr., collectively with his affiliates and family trusts that have ownership interests in the Partnership. Joseph V. Topper, Jr. is the founder of the Partnership and a member of the Board. The Topper Group is a related party and large holder of our common units. 

TopStar 
 TopStar Inc., an entity affiliated with a family member of Joseph V. Topper, Jr. TopStar is an operator of convenience stores that leases sites from us, and since April 14, 2020, also purchases fuel from us. 

Other Defined Terms: 

7-Eleven 
 7-Eleven, Inc. 

2022 Plan 
 In connection with the IPO, the General Partner adopted the Lehigh Gas Partners LP 2012 Incentive Award Plan, a long-term incentive plan for employees, officers, consultants and directors of the General Partner and any of its affiliates who perform services for the Partnership. The plan expired and was replaced by the CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan, effective October 23, 2022. 

ASC 
 Accounting Standards Codification 

AOCI 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 

1 

ASU 
 Accounting Standards Update 

Board 
 Board of Directors of our General Partner 

Bonus Plan 
 The Performance-Based Bonus Compensation Policy is one of the key components of at-risk compensation. The Bonus Plan is utilized to reward short-term performance achievements and to motivate and reward employees for their contributions toward meeting financial and strategic goals. 

BP 
 BP p.l.c. 

CAPL Credit Facility 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019, as amended by the First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, by the Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2021, and by the Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 9, 2022, among the Partnership and Lehigh Gas Wholesale Services, Inc., as borrowers, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 

CARES Act 
 Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act, an economic stimulus bill signed into law on March 27, 2020 in response to the economic fallout of the COVID-19 Pandemic 

CDC 
 The Center for Disease Control and Prevention 

COVID-19 Pandemic 
 In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak a pandemic. 

CSS 
 Community Service Stations, Inc. 

CST 
 CST Brands LLC, which merged into Circle K Stores. Inc. on February 28, 2020, and subsidiaries, indirectly owned by Circle K 

CST Fuel Supply 
 CST Fuel Supply LP is indirectly owned by Circle K and is the parent of CST Marketing and Supply, LLC, CST s wholesale motor fuel supply business, which provides wholesale fuel distribution to the majority of CST s legacy U.S. retail convenience stores on a fixed markup per gallon. 

CST Fuel Supply Exchange 
 Exchange Agreement, dated November 19, 2019, between the Partnership and Circle K, which closed effective March 25, 2020. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, Circle K transferred to the Partnership certain owned and leased convenience store properties and related assets (including fuel supply agreements) and wholesale fuel supply contracts covering additional sites, and, in exchange, the Partnership transferred to Circle K 100 of the limited partnership units it held in CST Fuel Supply. 

DTW 
 Dealer tank wagon contracts, which are variable market-based cent per gallon priced wholesale motor fuel distribution or supply contracts; DTW also refers to the pricing methodology under such contracts 

EBITDA 
 Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and accretion, a non-GAAP financial measure 

EMV 
 Payment method based upon a technical standard for smart payment cards, also referred to as chip cards 

Exchange Act 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

ExxonMobil 
 ExxonMobil Corporation 

FASB 
 Financial Accounting Standards Board 

Form 10-K 
 CrossAmerica s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 

FTC 
 U.S. Federal Trade Commission 

2 

GP Purchase 
 Purchase by DMP from subsidiaries of Circle K of: 1) 100 of the membership interests in the sole member of the General Partner; 2) 100 of the Incentive Distribution Rights issued by the Partnership; and 3) an aggregate of 7,486,131 common units of the Partnership. These transactions closed on November 19, 2019. 

IDRs 
 Incentive Distribution Rights represented the right to receive an increasing percentage of quarterly distributions after the target distribution levels were achieved. As a result of the GP Purchase, DMP owned 100 of the outstanding IDRs from November 19, 2019 through February 6, 2020. 

Internal Revenue Code 
 Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended 

IPO 
 Initial public offering of CrossAmerica Partners LP on October 30, 2012 

IRS 
 Internal Revenue Service 

JKM Credit Facility 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021, as amended on July 29, 2021 among CAPL JKM Partners, Holdings and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing bank 

LIBOR 
 London Interbank Offered Rate 

MD A 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Marathon 
 Marathon Petroleum Company LP 

Motiva 
 Motiva Enterprises, LLC 

NYSE 
 New York Stock Exchange 

Partnership Agreement 
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of CrossAmerica Partners LP, dated as of February 6, 2020 

Predecessor Entity 
 Wholesale distribution contracts and real property and leasehold interests contributed to the Partnership in connection with the IPO 

Qualifying Income 
 Income and gains received by nontaxable subsidiaries of CrossAmerica or directly by CrossAmerica from qualifying activities, which generally include interest and dividends, real property rents, gains on the sale or other disposition of real property and income and gains from the wholesale distribution of motor fuels as further described in Section 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code; such income and gains are not taxed at the CrossAmerica level but rather passed through and taxed at the unitholder level 

SEC 
 U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission 

Tax Cuts and Jobs Act 
 U.S. tax legislation, formally known as Public Law No. 115-97, signed into law on December 22, 2017. 

Terms Discounts 
 Discounts for prompt payment and other rebates and incentives from our suppliers for a material amount of the gallons of motor fuel purchased by us, which are recorded within cost of sales. Prompt payment discounts are based on a percentage of the purchase price of motor fuel. 

Term Loan Facility 
 185 million delayed draw term loan facility provided under the JKM Credit Facility 

Omnibus Agreement 
 The Omnibus Agreement, effective January 1, 2020, by and among the Partnership, the General Partner and DMI. The terms of the Omnibus Agreement were approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board, which is composed of the independent directors of the Board. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, DMI agrees, among other things, to provide, or cause to be provided, to the Partnership certain management services at cost without markup. 

U.S. GAAP 
 U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles 

UST 
 Underground storage tank 

3 

Valero 
 Valero Energy Corporation and, where appropriate in context, one or more of its subsidiaries, or all of them taken as a whole 

WTI 
 West Texas Intermediate crude oil 

4 
 
 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking statements include the information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies, financing plans, competitive position, credit ratings, distribution growth, potential growth opportunities, potential operating performance improvements, potential improvements in return on capital employed, the effects of competition and the effects of future legislation or regulations. You can identify our forward-looking statements by the words anticipate, estimate, believe, continue, could, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, seek, should, will, would, expect, objective, projection, forecast, guidance, outlook, effort, target and similar expressions. Such statements are based on our current plans and expectations and involve risks and uncertainties that could potentially affect actual results. These forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding: 
 future retail and wholesale gross profits, including gasoline, diesel and convenience store merchandise gross profits; 

our anticipated level of capital investments, primarily through acquisitions, and the effect of these capital investments on our results of operations; 

anticipated trends in the demand for, and volumes sold of, gasoline and diesel in the regions where we operate; 

volatility in the equity and credit markets limiting access to capital markets; 

our ability to integrate acquired businesses; 

expectations regarding environmental, tax and other regulatory initiatives; and 

the effect of general economic and other conditions on our business. 

In general, we based the forward-looking statements included in this report on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our company and the industry in which we operate. We caution you that these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties we cannot predict. We anticipate that subsequent events and market developments will cause our estimates to change. In addition, we based many of these forward-looking statements on assumptions about future events that may prove to be inaccurate. Accordingly, our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what we have expressed or forecasted in the forward-looking statements. Any differences could result from a variety of factors, including the following: 
 the Topper Group s business strategy and operations and the Topper Group s conflicts of interest with us; 

availability of cash flow to pay the current quarterly distributions on our common units; 

the availability and cost of competing motor fuel resources; 

motor fuel price volatility, including as a result of the conflict in Ukraine; 

a reduction in demand for motor fuels; 

competition in the industries and geographical areas in which we operate; 

the consummation of financing, acquisition or disposition transactions and the effect thereof on our business; 

environmental compliance and remediation costs; 

our existing or future indebtedness and the related interest expense and our ability to comply with debt covenants; 

our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition; 

failure to comply with applicable tax and other regulations or governmental policies; 

future legislation and changes in regulations, governmental policies, immigration laws and restrictions or changes in enforcement or interpretations thereof; 

future regulations and actions that could expand the non-exempt status of employees under the Fair Labor Standards Act; 

future income tax legislation; 

changes in energy policy; 

technological advances; 

the impact of worldwide economic and political conditions; 

5 
 
 the impact of wars and acts of terrorism; 

weather conditions or catastrophic weather-related damage; 

earthquakes and other natural disasters; 

hazards and risks associated with transporting and storing motor fuel; 

unexpected environmental liabilities; 

the outcome of pending or future litigation; and 

our ability to comply with federal and state laws and regulations, including those related to environmental matters, the sale of alcohol, cigarettes and fresh foods, employment and health benefits, immigration and international trade. 

You should consider the risks and uncertainties described above, and elsewhere in this report, including under Part I. Item 1A Risk Factors and Part II. Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in this Form 10-K, in connection with considering any forward-looking statements that may be made by us and our businesses generally. We cannot assure you that anticipated results or events reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or will occur. The forward-looking statements included in this report are made as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements, to report events or to report the occurrence of unanticipated events after the date of this report, except as required by law. 
 6 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 We were formed as a Delaware limited partnership in 2011 primarily engaged in the wholesale distribution of motor fuel and the ownership and leasing of real estate used in the retail distribution of motor fuel. We also generate revenues from the operation of company operated retail sites. 
 The Topper Group controls the sole member of our General Partner and has the ability to appoint all of the members of the Board and to control and manage the operations and activities of the Partnership. As of February 23, 2023, the Topper Group also has beneficial ownership of a 38.5 limited partner interest in the Partnership. 
 Our principal executive office address is 645 Hamilton Street, Suite 400, Allentown, PA 18101, and our telephone number is (610) 625-8000. Our common units trade on the NYSE under the ticker symbol CAPL. 
 We conduct our business through two operating segments wholesale and retail. As of December 31, 2022, we distributed motor fuel on a wholesale basis to approximately 1,750 sites located in 34 states. We own or lease approximately 1,150 sites, of which we operate 255 as company operated sites. See Item 7 Recent Developments Change in Segment Reporting for information regarding a change in our segment reporting. 
 We are one of the ten largest independent distributors by motor fuel volume in the United States for ExxonMobil, BP and Shell, and we also distribute Sunoco, Valero, Gulf, Citgo, Marathon and Phillips 66-branded motor fuels (approximately 92 of the motor fuel we distributed during 2022 was branded). For approximately 61 of gallons sold, we receive a per gallon rate equal to the posted rack price, less any applicable discounts, plus transportation costs, taxes and a fixed rate per gallon of motor fuel. The remaining gallons are either retail sales or wholesale DTW contracts that provide for variable, market-based pricing. 
 Regarding our supplier relationships, a material amount of our total gallons of motor fuel purchased are subject to Terms Discounts for prompt payment and other rebates and incentives, which are recorded within cost of sales. Prompt payment discounts are based on a percentage of the purchase price of motor fuel. As such, the dollar value of these discounts increases and decreases corresponding with motor fuel prices. Therefore, in periods of lower wholesale motor fuel prices, our gross profit is negatively affected, and, in periods of higher wholesale motor fuel prices, our gross profit is positively affected (as it relates to these discounts). Based on our current volumes, we estimate a 10 per barrel change in the price of crude oil would impact our overall annual wholesale motor fuel gross profit by approximately 2.8 million related to these payment discounts. 
 The following table highlights the aggregate volume of motor fuel distributed to each of our principal customer groups (in millions). See Item 7 Results of Operations for additional information on the drivers of the fluctuations in the volume and site counts below. 

Gallons of Motor Fuel Distributed Year Ended December 31, 

Fuel Distribution Sites End of Year 

Segment 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Independent dealers (a) 
 
 Wholesale 

496 

550 

450 

663 

666 

687 

Lessee dealers 
 
 Wholesale 

348 

382 

396 

619 

637 

658 

DMS 
 
 Wholesale 

17 

Company operated 
 
 Retail 

328 

234 

113 

255 

252 

150 

Commission agents (b) 
 
 Retail 

168 

169 

141 

200 

198 

208 

Total 

1,340 

1,335 

1,117 

1,737 

1,753 

1,703 

(a) Gallons distributed to independent dealers include gallons distributed to sub-wholesalers and commercial accounts, which are not included in the site counts reported above. 

(b) Includes independent commission sites owned or leased by the commission agent. 

We also generate revenues through leasing or subleasing our real estate. We own or lease real and personal property and we lease or sublease that property to tenants, the substantial majority of which are wholesale customers as described above. We own approximately 60 of our properties that we lease to our dealers or utilize in our retail business. Our lease agreements with third-party landlords have an average remaining lease term of 5.0 years as of December 31, 2022. 
 7 
 
 The following table presents rental income (in millions) and the number of sites from which rental income was generated: 

Rental Income Year Ended December 31, 

Sites from which Rental Income was Generated End of Year 

Segment 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Lessee dealers 
 
 Wholesale 

71.3 

71.6 

71.4 

687 

716 

753 

DMS 
 
 Retail 

1.4 

Company operated 
 
 Retail 

2.2 

1.5 

0.6 

44 

36 

21 

Commission agents 
 
 Retail 

10.6 

10.1 

9.8 

185 

184 

195 

Total 

84.1 

83.2 

83.2 

916 

936 

969 

The financial statements reflect the consolidated results of the Partnership and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Our primary operations are conducted by the following consolidated wholly owned subsidiaries: 
 	 
 LGW and CAPL JKM Wholesale, which distribute motor fuels on a wholesale basis and generate Qualifying Income under Section 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code; 

LGPR, which functions as the real estate holding company and holds assets that generate Qualifying Income under Section 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code; 

LGWS, which owns and leases (or leases and sub-leases) real estate and personal property used in the retail sale of motor fuels, as well as provides maintenance and other services to its customers. In addition, LGWS sells motor fuel on a retail basis at sites operated by commission agents. LGWS also sells motor fuels on a retail basis and sells convenience merchandise items to end customers at company operated retail sites. Income from LGWS generally is not Qualifying Income under Section 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code; and 

Joe s Kwik Marts, which owns and leases real estate and personal property at certain of our company operated sites. Joe s Kwik Marts also sells motor fuels on a retail basis and sells convenience merchandise items to end customers. Income from Joe s Kwik Marts generally is not Qualifying Income under Sections 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

Available Information 
 Our internet website is www.crossamericapartners.com. Information on this website is not part of this Form 10-K. Annual reports on our Form 10-K, quarterly reports on our Form 10-Q and our current reports on Form 8-K filed with (or furnished to) the SEC are available on this website under the Investor Relations tab and are free of charge, soon after such material is filed or furnished. In this same location, we also post our corporate governance guidelines, code of ethics and business conduct and the charters of the committees of our Board. These documents are available in print to any unitholder that makes a written request to CrossAmerica Partners L.P. Attn: Corporate Secretary, 645 Hamilton Street, Suite 400, Allentown, Pennsylvania 18101. 
 Operations 
 Wholesale Segment 
 Our wholesale segment generated 2022 revenues of 2.7 billion and operating income of 94 million. The wholesale segment includes the wholesale distribution of motor fuel to lessee dealers and independent dealers. We have exclusive motor fuel distribution contracts with lessee dealers who lease the property from us. We also have exclusive distribution contracts with independent dealers to distribute motor fuel but do not collect rent from the independent dealers. Below is a description of the wholesale segment's principal customer groups. 
 Independent Dealer 
 	 
 The independent dealer owns or leases the property and owns all motor fuel and convenience store inventory. 

We contract to exclusively distribute motor fuel to the independent dealer at rack-plus pricing or, in some cases, DTW. 

Under our distribution contracts, we agree to supply a particular branded motor fuel or unbranded motor fuel to a site or group of sites and arrange for all transportation. 

Distribution contracts with independent dealers are typically seven to 15 years in length. 

8 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the average remaining distribution contract term was 5.1 years. 

Lessee Dealer 
 	 
 We own or lease the property and then lease or sublease the site to a dealer. 

The lessee dealer owns all motor fuel and retail site inventory and sets its own pricing and gross profit margins. 

We collect wholesale motor fuel margins at rack-plus pricing or, in some cases, DTW. 

Under our distribution contracts, we agree to supply a particular branded motor fuel or unbranded motor fuel to a site or group of sites and arrange for all transportation. 

Exclusive distribution contracts with dealers who lease property from us run concurrent in length to the retail site s lease period (generally three to 10 years). 

Leases are generally triple net leases. 

As of December 31, 2022, the average remaining lease agreement term was 2.6 years. 

DMS 
 Prior to April 14, 2020, we owned or leased property and then leased or subleased the site to DMS and distributed fuel to DMS. DMS owned the motor fuel and retail site inventory and set its own pricing and gross profit margin. Since the April 14, 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets, we no longer sell fuel nor lease sites to DMS. 
 
 CST Fuel Supply 
 In 2015, we purchased a 17.5 limited partner interest in CST Fuel Supply from CST. We received pro rata distributions from CST Fuel Supply related to CST Marketing and Supply s distribution of motor fuel to the majority of CST s legacy U.S. retail sites. 
 Effective March 25, 2020, we divested our entire interest in CST Fuel Supply in the CST Fuel Supply Exchange. 
 Retail Segment 
 Our retail segment generated 2022 revenues of 2.3 billion and operating income of 107 million. The retail segment includes the sale of convenience merchandise items at company operated sites and the retail sale of motor fuel at company operated and commission sites. Below is a description of the retail segment's principal customer groups. 
 Company Operated Sites 
 	 
 We own or lease the property, operate the retail site and retain all profits from motor fuel and retail site operations. 

We own the merchandise inventory and retain the profits from the sale of convenience merchandise items. 

We own the motor fuel inventory and set the motor fuel pricing. 

We maintain inventory from the time of the purchase of motor fuel from third-party suppliers until the retail sale to the end customer. On average, we maintain approximately 5-days worth of motor fuel sales in inventory at each site. 

LGW and CAPL JKM Wholesale distribute all of the motor fuel required by our company operated sites to LGWS and Joe s Kwik Marts, respectively, which owns the motor fuel inventory and sells motor fuel to retail customers. LGW records qualifying wholesale motor fuel distribution gross income and LGWS and Joe s Kwik Marts record the non-qualifying retail sale. 

Commission Sites 
 	 
 We own or lease the property and then lease or sublease the site to the commission agent, who pays rent to us and operates all the non-fuel related operations at the sites for its own account. 

We own the motor fuel inventory, set the motor fuel pricing and generate revenue from the retail sale of motor fuels to the end customer. 

9 
 
 We pay the commission agent a commission for each gallon of motor fuel sold. 

LGW distributes motor fuel on to LGWS, which owns the motor fuel inventory and sells motor fuel to retail customers. LGW records qualifying wholesale motor fuel distribution gross income and LGWS records the non-qualifying retail sale. 

As of December 31, 2022, the average remaining motor fuel distribution and lease agreement term for our commission agents was 1.2 years. 

Business Strategy and Objective 
 Our primary business objective is to generate sufficient cash flows from operations to make quarterly cash distributions to our unitholders and, over time, to increase our quarterly cash distributions while maintaining discipline with leverage. The amount of any distribution is subject to the discretion of the Board, and the Board may modify or revoke the cash distribution policy at any time. Our Partnership Agreement does not require us to pay any distributions. 
 Our business strategy to achieve our objective of paying and, over time, increasing our quarterly cash distributions, is focused on the following key initiatives: 
 	 
 Expand within and beyond our existing markets through acquisitions. Since our IPO and through February 23, 2023, we have completed acquisitions for a total of approximately 1,000 fee and leasehold sites and 700 wholesale fuel supply contracts for total consideration of approximately 1.5 billion; 

Enhance our real estate business cash flows by owning or leasing sites in prime locations; 

Increase cash flows from our wholesale segment by expanding market share and growing rental income over time; 

Increase cash flows from our retail segment by operating our retail sites efficiently with a focus on providing excellent value and service; 

Maintain strong relationships with major integrated oil companies and refiners; and 

Optimize the operations of acquired assets to the most appropriate format (lessee dealer, independent dealer, retail site) to maximize our investment return. 

We believe our competitive strengths will allow us to capitalize on our strategic opportunities, including: 
 	 
 Stable cash flows from real estate rent income and wholesale motor fuel distribution; 

Established history of acquiring sites and successfully integrating these sites and operations into our existing business; 

Long-term relationships with major integrated oil companies and other key suppliers, which support our negotiations with and enable us to collaboratively work with our suppliers to maximize benefits to the Partnership; and 

Prime real estate locations in areas with high traffic and considerable motor fuel consumption. 

Subsequent to an acquisition and throughout the life cycle of a site, we evaluate the optimal operation of each site as company operated, lessee dealer or commission, or we consider strategic alternatives, including divesting the site. 
 Supplier Arrangements 
 We distribute branded motor fuel under the Exxon, Mobil, BP, Shell, Sunoco, Valero, Gulf, Citgo, Marathon and Phillips 66 brands to our customers. Branded motor fuels are purchased from major integrated oil companies and refiners under supply agreements. For 2022, we purchased approximately 81 of our motor fuel from four suppliers. Certain suppliers offer volume rebates or incentive payments to drive volumes and provide an incentive for branding new locations. Certain suppliers require that all or a portion of any such incentive payments be repaid to the supplier in the event that the sites are rebranded within a stated number of years. We also purchase unbranded motor fuel for distribution. As of December 31, 2022, our supply agreements had a weighted-average remaining term of approximately 5.0 years. 
 10 
 
 Competition 
 Our wholesale segment competes with other motor fuel distributors. Major competitive factors for us include, among others, customer service, price and quality of service and availability of products. 
 The convenience store industry is highly competitive, fragmented and characterized by constant change in the number and type of retailers offering products and services of the type sold at our sites. We compete with other retail site chains, independently owned sites, motor fuel stations, supermarkets, drugstores, discount stores, dollar stores, club stores and hypermarkets. Major competitive factors include, among others, location, ease of access, product and service selection, motor fuel brands, pricing, customer service, store appearance, and cleanliness. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business exhibits substantial seasonality due to our wholesale and retail sites being located in certain geographic areas that are affected by seasonal weather and temperature trends and associated changes in retail customer activity during different seasons. Historically, sales volumes have been highest in the second and third quarters (during the summer activity months) and lowest during the winter months in the first and fourth quarters. 
 Trade Names, Service Marks and Trademarks 
 We are a wholesale distributor of motor fuel for various major integrated oil companies and are licensed to market/resell motor fuel under their respective motor fuel brands. We are not aware of any facts that would negatively affect our continuing use of any trademarks, trade names or service marks. 
 Environmental Laws and Regulations 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to USTs, the release or discharge of materials into the air, water and soil, waste management, pollution prevention measures, storage, handling, use and disposal of hazardous materials, the exposure of persons to hazardous materials, greenhouse gas emissions, and characteristics, composition, storage and sale of motor fuel and the health and safety of our employees. We incorporate by reference into this section our disclosures included in Note 2 under the captions Environmental Matters and Asset Retirement Obligations as well as Note 10 under the caption Asset Retirement Obligations and Note 15 to the financial statements. 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 Our retail sites are subject to regulation by federal, state, and/or local agencies and to licensing and regulations by state and local health, sanitation, safety, fire and other departments relating to the development and operation of retail sites, including regulations relating to zoning and building requirements and the preparation and sale of food. Our retail sites are also subject to federal, state and/or local laws governing such matters as wage rates, overtime, working conditions and citizenship requirements. At the federal, state and local levels, there are proposals under consideration from time to time to increase minimum wage rates and modify or restrict immigration policies. 
 Human Capital 
 
 The Partnership has no direct employees. As of December 31, 2022, 228 employees of the Topper Group provided management services to us under the Omnibus Agreement. In addition, 2,009 store employees of the Topper Group provided services at our company operated sites. 
 
 Our human capital resources objectives include identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees. As a customer-centric company with a strong service culture, we constantly work to maintain our position as an employer of choice. This requires a commitment to workplace inclusion and safety, as well as competitive total compensation that meets the needs of our employees. Our talent management and succession plan process includes the identification of key positions based on current and future business strategies, the identification of potential successors and a plan for talent development. 

11 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 If any of the following risks were to occur, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, we might not be able to pay distributions on our common units, the trading price of our common units could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Also, please read Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Limited partner interests are inherently different from the capital stock of a corporation although many of the business risks to which we are subject are similar to those that would be faced by a corporation engaged in a similar business. 
 Risk Factor Summary 
 Below is a summary of our risk factors: 
 We may not have sufficient distributable cash from operations to enable us to pay our quarterly distributions. 

If we are unable to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth and ability to increase distributions to unitholders will be limited, and any acquisitions are subject to substantial risks. 

Volatility in crude oil and wholesale motor fuel costs affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 

Seasonality in wholesale motor fuel costs and sales, as well as merchandise sales, affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 

Both the wholesale motor fuel distribution and the retail motor fuel industries are characterized by intense competition and fragmentation. 

Changes in credit or debit card expenses could reduce our gross profit, especially on motor fuel sold at company-operated retail sites. 

New entrants or increased competition in the convenience store industry could result in reduced gross profits. 

General economic, financial and political conditions that are largely out of our control could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 

Changes in consumer behavior and travel as a result of changing economic conditions, labor strikes or otherwise could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 

Broad-based business or economic disruptions caused by health crises could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 

A shortage of qualified labor could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We are subject to extensive government laws and regulations concerning store merchandise items, operations, employees, environmental matters and product quality specifications of motor fuel that we distribute and sell. The cost of compliance with such laws and regulations may be material. 

A significant decrease in demand for motor fuel, including increased consumer preference for alternative motor fuels or improvements in fuel efficiency, in the areas we serve would reduce our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 

Changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 

Increased attention to environmental, social and governance ESG matters and conservation measures may adversely impact our business. 

Unfavorable weather conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 

We depend on four principal suppliers for the majority of our motor fuel. 

Negative events or developments associated with our branded suppliers could have an adverse impact on our revenues. 

We rely on our suppliers to provide trade credit to adequately fund our ongoing operations. 

We could be adversely affected by the creditworthiness and performance of our customers, suppliers and contract counterparties. 

Pending or future litigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

The dangers inherent in the storage and transport of motor fuel could cause disruptions and could expose us to potentially significant losses, costs or liabilities. 

We depend on third-party transportation providers for the transportation of all of our motor fuel. 

Our motor fuel sales are generated under contracts that must be renegotiated or replaced periodically. 

We rely on our information technology systems and network infrastructure to manage numerous aspects of our business and could be adversely affected by the failure to protect sensitive customer, employee or vendor data. 

12 
 
 Our debt levels and debt covenants may limit our flexibility in obtaining additional financing and in pursuing other business opportunities and our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 

A continued increase in interest rates may cause the market price of our common units to decline and a significant increase in interest rates could adversely affect our ability to service our indebtedness. 

We do not own all of the land on which our sites and certain facilities are located, which could result in increased costs and disruptions to our operations. 

We may not be able to lease sites we own or sub-lease sites we lease on favorable terms. 

We rely on DMI and Circle K to indemnify us for any costs or expenses that we incur for certain environmental liabilities and third-party claims. 

The Topper Group controls us and may have conflicts of interest with us. Further, our General Partner and its affiliates, including the Topper Group, may have conflicts of interest with us and limited fiduciary duties and they may favor their own interests to the detriment of our unitholders and us. 

The Topper Group or the Board may modify or revoke our cash distribution policy at any time at their discretion. Our Partnership Agreement does not require us to pay any distributions at all. 

We rely on the employees of the Topper Group to provide key management services to our business pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement. 

Our General Partner has limited liability regarding our obligations. 

If we distribute a significant portion of our cash available for distribution to our partners, our ability to grow and make acquisitions could be limited. 

Our Partnership Agreement replaces, eliminates and modifies, as applicable, the duties, including the fiduciary duties, of our General Partner, the Board or any committee thereof, and modifies the burden of proof in any action brought against the General Partner, the Board or any committee thereof. 

Our General Partner s affiliates, including the Topper Group, may compete with us. 

Holders of our common units have limited voting rights. 

Our General Partner interest or the control of our General Partner may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent, and our General Partner has a call right that may require unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price. 

The market price of our common units could be adversely affected by sales of substantial amounts of our common units in the public or private markets, including sales by the Topper Group or other large holders. 

We may issue unlimited additional units without unitholder approval, which would dilute existing unitholder ownership interests, and our General Partner s discretion in establishing cash reserves may reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to unitholders. 

Our Partnership Agreement restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20 or more of our common units. 

Management fees and cost reimbursements due to our General Partner and the Topper Group for services provided to us or on our behalf will reduce cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 

Our tax treatment depends in large part on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

We have subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are subject to entity-level U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax. 

The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our common units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. 

Our unitholders are required to pay taxes on their share of income from us even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. 

Unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us. 

Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected. 

Tax-exempt organizations and non-U.S. persons face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. 

Our unitholders are subject to state and local income taxes and return filing requirements in states and localities where they do not live as a result of investing in our common units. 

We will treat each purchaser of our common units as having the same tax characteristics on a per-unit basis without regard to the actual common units purchased. 

We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and allocate them between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first business day of each month and as of the opening of the applicable exchange on which our common units are listed, instead of on the basis of the date a particular common unit is transferred. 

If a unitholder loans their common units to a short seller to cover a short sale of common units, they may be considered to have disposed of those common units for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

13 
 
 We have adopted certain valuation methodologies that may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between our General Partner and the unitholders. 

If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns for tax years beginning after 2017, it (and some states) may assess and collect any resulting taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly from us, in which case we may require our unitholders and former unitholders to reimburse us for such taxes (including any applicable penalties or interest) or, if we are required to bear such payment, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. 

Risks Relating to Our Industry and Our Business 
 We may not have sufficient distributable cash from operations to enable us to pay our quarterly distribution following the establishment of cash available for distribution and payment of fees and expenses. 
 We may not have sufficient cash each quarter to pay quarterly distribution at current levels or at all. 
 The amount of cash we can distribute on our common units principally depends upon the amount of cash we generate from our operations, which will fluctuate from quarter to quarter based on, among other things: 
 demand for motor fuel products in the markets we serve, including seasonal fluctuations, and the margin per gallon we earn selling and distributing motor fuel; 

the wholesale price of motor fuel and its impact on the payment discounts we receive; 

seasonal trends in the industries in which we operate; 

supply, and the impact that severe storms could have to our suppliers and customers operations; 

competition from other companies that sell motor fuel products or operate retail sites in our targeted market areas; 

the inability to identify and acquire suitable sites or to negotiate acceptable leases for such sites; 

the potential inability to obtain adequate financing to fund our expansion; 

the level of our operating costs, including payments to the Topper Group under the Omnibus Agreement; 

prevailing economic conditions; 

regulatory actions affecting the supply of or demand for motor fuel, our operations, our existing contracts or our operating costs; and 

volatility of prices for motor fuel. 

In addition, the actual amount of cash we will have available for distribution will depend on other factors such as: 
 the level and timing of capital expenditures we make; 

the restrictions contained in our credit facilities; 

our debt service requirements and other liabilities; 

the cost of acquisitions, if any; 

fluctuations in our working capital needs; 

our ability to borrow under our credit facilities and access capital markets on favorable terms, or at all; and 

the amount, if any, of cash reserves established by our General Partner in its discretion. 

Incurring additional debt may significantly increase our interest expense and financial leverage and issuing additional limited partner interests may result in significant unitholder dilution and would increase the aggregate amount of cash required to maintain the cash distribution rate, which could materially decrease our ability to pay distributions. Consequently, there is no guarantee that we will distribute quarterly cash distributions to our unitholders in any quarter. 
 14 
 
 The amount of cash we have available for distribution to unitholders depends primarily on our cash flow rather than on our profitability, which may prevent us from making cash distributions, even during periods when we record net income. 
 The amount of cash we have available for distribution depends primarily on our cash flow, and not solely on profitability, which will be affected by non-cash items. As a result, we may make cash distributions during periods when we record losses for financial accounting purposes and may not make cash distributions during periods when we record net income for financial accounting purposes. 
 If we are unable to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth and ability to increase distributions to unitholders will be limited. 
 Our strategy to grow our business and increase distributions to unitholders is dependent on our ability to make acquisitions that result in an increase in cash flow. Our growth strategy is based, in large part, on our expectation of ongoing divestitures of retail and wholesale fuel distribution assets by industry participants. We may be unable to make accretive acquisitions for any of the following reasons: 
 we are unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable purchase contracts for them; 

we are unable to raise financing for such acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, for example, if the market price for our common units declines; 

we are outbid by competitors; or 

we or the seller are unable to obtain any necessary consents. 

If we are unable to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth and ability to increase distributions to unitholders will be limited. In addition, if we consummate any future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. We may also consummate acquisitions, which at the time of consummation we believe will be accretive, but ultimately may not be accretive and may in fact result in a decrease in distributable cash flow per unit as a result of incorrect assumptions in our evaluation of such acquisitions, unforeseen consequences, or other external events beyond our control. If any of these events occurred, our future growth could be adversely affected. 
 Any acquisitions are subject to substantial risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 Any acquisitions involve potential risks, including, among other things: 
 the validity of our assumptions about revenues, demand, capital expenditures and operating costs of the acquired business or assets, as well as assumptions about achieving synergies with our existing business; 

the incurrence of substantial unforeseen environmental and other liabilities arising out of the acquired businesses or assets, including liabilities arising from the operation of the acquired businesses or assets prior to our acquisition, for which we are not indemnified or for which the indemnity is inadequate; 

the costs associated with additional debt or equity capital, which may result in a significant increase in our interest expense and financial leverage resulting from any additional debt incurred to finance the acquisition, or the issuance of additional common units on which we will make distributions, either of which could offset the expected accretion to our unitholders from any such acquisition and could be exacerbated by volatility in the equity or debt capital markets; 

a failure to realize anticipated benefits, such as increased available distributable cash flow, an enhanced competitive position or new customer relationships; 

the inability to timely and effectively integrate the operations of recently acquired businesses or assets, particularly those in new geographic areas or in new lines of business; 

unforeseen difficulties operating in new and existing product areas or new and existing geographic areas; 

a decrease in our liquidity by using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to finance the acquisition; 

the incurrence of other significant charges, such as impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation or restructuring charges; 

performance from the acquired assets and businesses that is below the forecasts we used in evaluating the acquisition; 

15 
 
 a significant increase in our working capital requirements; 

competition in our targeted market areas; 

customer or key employee loss from the acquired businesses and the inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate such acquired businesses; and 

diversion of our management s attention from other business concerns. 

In addition, our ability to purchase or lease additional sites involves certain potential risks, including the inability to identify and acquire suitable sites or to negotiate acceptable leases or subleases for such sites and difficulties in adapting our distribution and other operational and management systems to an expanded network of sites. 
 Our reviews of businesses or assets proposed to be acquired are inherently imperfect because it generally is not practicable to perform a perfect review of businesses and assets involved in each acquisition. Even a detailed review of assets and businesses may not necessarily reveal existing or potential problems, nor will it permit a buyer to become sufficiently familiar with the assets or businesses to fully assess their deficiencies and potential. For example, inspections may not always be performed on every asset, and environmental problems, such as groundwater contamination, are not necessarily observable even when an inspection is undertaken. Unitholders will not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider in determining the application of our funds and other resources toward the acquisition of certain businesses or assets. 
 Volatility in crude oil and wholesale motor fuel costs affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 For 2022, motor fuel revenues accounted for 92 of our total revenues and motor fuel gross profit accounted for 59 of total gross profit. Wholesale motor fuel costs are directly related to, and fluctuate with, the price of crude oil. Volatility in the price of crude oil, and subsequently wholesale motor fuel prices, is caused by many factors, including general political, regulatory and economic conditions, acts of war, terrorism or armed conflict, instability in oil producing regions, particularly in the Middle East and South America, and the value of U.S. dollars relative to other foreign currencies, particularly those of oil producing nations. In addition, the supply of motor fuel and our wholesale purchase costs could be adversely affected in the event of a shortage or oversupply of product, which could result from, among other things, interruptions of fuel production at oil refineries, new supply sources, sustained increases or decreases in global demand or the fact that our motor fuel contracts do not guarantee an uninterrupted, unlimited supply of motor fuel. 
 Significant increases and volatility in wholesale motor fuel costs could result in lower gross profit dollars, as an increase in the retail price of motor fuel could impact consumer demand for motor fuel and convenience merchandise and could result in lower wholesale motor fuel gross profit dollars. As the market prices of crude oil, and, correspondingly, the market prices of wholesale motor fuel, experience significant and rapid fluctuations, we attempt to pass along wholesale motor fuel price changes to our customers through retail price changes; however, we are not always able to do so immediately. The timing of any related increase or decrease in sales prices is affected by competitive conditions in each geographic market in which we operate. As such, our revenues and gross profit for motor fuel can increase or decrease significantly and rapidly over short periods of time and potentially adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. The volatility in crude oil and wholesale motor fuel costs and sales prices makes it extremely difficult to forecast future motor fuel gross profits or predict the effect that future wholesale costs and sales price fluctuations will have on our operating results and financial condition. 
 Seasonality in wholesale motor fuel costs and sales, as well as merchandise sales, affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 Oil prices, wholesale motor fuel costs, motor fuel sales volumes, motor fuel gross profits and merchandise sales often experience seasonal fluctuations. For example, consumer demand for motor fuel typically increases during the summer driving season and typically falls during the winter months. Travel, recreation and construction are typically higher in these months in the geographic areas in which we operate, increasing the demand for motor fuel and merchandise that we sell. Therefore, our revenues are typically higher in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. A significant change in any of these factors, including a significant decrease in consumer demand (other than typical seasonal variations), could materially affect our motor fuel and merchandise volumes, motor fuel gross profit and overall customer traffic, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 16 
 
 Both the wholesale motor fuel distribution and the retail motor fuel industries are characterized by intense competition and fragmentation, and our failure to effectively compete could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 The markets for distribution of wholesale motor fuel and the sale of retail motor fuel are highly competitive and fragmented, which results in narrow margins. We have numerous competitors, and some may have significantly greater resources and name recognition than we do. We rely on our ability to provide value added reliable services and to control our operating costs to maintain our margins and competitive position. If we were to fail to maintain the quality of our services, any or all of our wholesale customers could choose alternative distribution sources and expected retail customers could purchase from other retailers, each decreasing our margins. Furthermore, major integrated oil companies may decide to distribute their own products in direct competition with us, or large wholesale customers may attempt to buy directly from the major integrated oil companies. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 Changes in credit or debit card expenses could reduce our gross profit, especially on motor fuel sold at company-operated retail sites. 
 A significant portion of sales at our company-operated retail sites typically involve payment using credit or debit cards. We are assessed fees as a percentage of transaction amounts and not as a fixed dollar amount or percentage of our gross profits. Higher motor fuel prices result in higher credit and debit card expenses, and an increase in credit or debit card use or an increase in fees have a similar effect. Therefore, credit and debit card fees charged on motor fuel purchases that are more expensive as a result of higher motor fuel prices are not necessarily accompanied by higher gross profits. In fact, such fees may cause lower gross profits. Lower gross profits on motor fuel sales caused by higher fees may decrease our overall gross profit and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 New entrants or increased competition in the convenience store industry could result in reduced gross profits. 
 At our company operated retail sites, we compete with numerous other convenience store chains, independent convenience stores, supermarkets, drugstores, discount warehouse clubs, motor fuel service stations, mass merchants, fast food operations and other similar retail outlets. In addition, several non-traditional retailers, including supermarkets and club stores, compete directly with convenience stores. An increase in competition from such competitors, or the entrance of additional competitors, could result in reduced gross profits and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 General economic, financial and political conditions that are largely out of our control could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 Recessionary economic conditions, higher interest rates, higher motor fuel and other energy costs, inflation, increases in commodity prices, higher levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws or other economic factors may affect consumer spending or buying habits, and could adversely affect the demand for motor fuel and convenience items we will sell at our retail sites. Unfavorable economic conditions, higher motor fuel prices and unemployment levels can affect consumer confidence, spending patterns and miles driven, with many customers trading down to lower priced products in certain categories when unfavorable conditions exist. These factors could lead to sales declines in both motor fuel and general merchandise, and in turn could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 A tightening of credit in the financial markets or an increase in interest rates may make it more difficult for wholesale customers and suppliers to obtain financing and, depending on the degree to which it occurs, may cause a material increase in the nonpayment or other nonperformance by our customers and suppliers. Even if our credit review and analysis mechanisms work properly, we may experience financial losses in our dealings with these third parties. A material increase in the nonpayment or other nonperformance by our wholesale customers and/or suppliers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Examples of other general economic, financial and political risks include: 
 a general or prolonged decline in, or shocks to, regional or broader macro-economics; 

regulatory changes that could impact the markets in which we operate, which could reduce demand for our goods and services or lead to pricing, currency, or other pressures; and 

17 
 
 deflationary economic pressures, which could hinder our ability to operate profitably in view of the challenges inherent in making corresponding deflationary adjustments to our cost structure. 

The nature of these types of risks, which are often unpredictable, makes them difficult to plan for, or otherwise mitigate, and they are generally uninsurable, which compounds their potential impact on our business. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distributions to our unitholders. 
 Terrorist attacks and threatened or actual war or armed conflict may adversely affect our business. 
 Our business is affected by general economic conditions and fluctuations in consumer confidence and spending, which can decline as a result of numerous factors outside of our control. Terrorist attacks or threats, whether within the United States or abroad, rumors or threats of war, actual conflicts involving the United States or its allies, or military or trade disruptions impacting our suppliers or our customers may adversely impact our operations. Specifically, strategic targets such as energy related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other targets in the United States. These occurrences could have an adverse impact on energy prices, including prices for motor fuels, and an adverse impact on our operations. Any or a combination of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Changes in consumer behavior and travel as a result of changing economic conditions, labor strikes or otherwise could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 In the retail motor fuel industry, customer traffic is generally driven by consumer preferences and spending trends, growth rates for commercial truck traffic and trends in travel and weather. Changes in economic conditions generally, or in the regions in which we operate, could adversely affect consumer spending patterns and travel in our markets. In particular, weakening economic conditions may result in decreases in miles driven and discretionary consumer spending and travel, which affect spending on motor fuel and convenience items. In addition, changes in the types of products and services demanded by consumers or labor strikes in the construction industry or other industries that employ customers who visit sites, may adversely affect our sales and gross profit. Additionally, negative publicity or perception surrounding motor fuel suppliers could adversely affect reputation and brand image, which may negatively affect our motor fuel sales and gross profit. Similarly, advanced technology and increased use of electric or hybrid cars or cars using alternative fuels would reduce demand for motor fuel. Our success depends on our ability to anticipate and respond in a timely manner to changing consumer demands and preferences while continuing to sell products and services that remain relevant to the consumer and thus generally have a positive impact overall merchandise gross profit. 
 Broad-based business or economic disruptions caused by health crises could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Global health concerns, similar to the COVID-19 Pandemic, could result in social, economic and labor instability that adversely affect employee, customer, vendor, distribution channel and other business partner relationships, and in so doing could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, federal, state and local governmental actions restricting the ability of our customers to essential travel only, adversely impacts consumption of fuel. Sustained limitation on travel, or a general reluctance to travel due to a health crisis, adversely impacts our fuel volumes. Sustained fuel volume decreases and less foot traffic would adversely impact our dealer operated locations which could potentially pose increased credit risks or trigger a default under our fuel supply and lease agreements. 
 We do not have fleet operations but rely on common carriers to distribute and deliver our products. If these distribution channels are adversely impacted by a health crisis, delivery of our products could be jeopardized. 
 We may incur costs related to the implementation of prescribed safety protocols related to a health crisis. For example, we may incur substantial costs in connection with staffing impacted stores and the closing and subsequent cleaning of impacted stores resulting from a continued spread of a health crisis. We may also temporarily lose the services of employees or experience interruptions in our business which could lead to inefficiencies, interruptions in our regular operations and potential reputational harm. If we do not respond appropriately to a health crisis, or if customers do not perceive our response to be adequate for a particular region or our business as a whole, we could suffer damage to our reputation, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in the future. 
 18 
 
 There can be no assurances that these and other scenarios resulting from a health crisis will not have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 A continued prolonged shortage of qualified labor could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 Due in part to COVID-19 and general macroeconomic factors, the Topper Group has experienced labor shortages in certain geographies. Outside suppliers that we rely on have also experienced shortages of qualified labor. The future success of our operations depends on our ability, and the ability of third parties on which we rely, to identify, recruit, develop and retain qualified and talented individuals in order to supply and deliver our products. A continued prolonged shortage of qualified labor could decrease our ability to effectively operate our retail locations, which would negatively impact our business and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. A shortage would also likely result in increased costs from higher overtime, the need to hire temporary help to meet demand, higher wage rates to attract and retain employees, and higher costs to purchase raw materials or services from such third parties, all of which would negatively impact our results of operations. 
 We are subject to extensive government laws and regulations concerning store merchandise items and operations, and the cost of compliance with such laws and regulations can be material. 
 Our business and properties are subject to extensive local, state and federal governmental laws and regulations relating to, among other things, the sale of alcohol, tobacco and money orders, and public accessibility requirements. The cost of compliance with these laws and regulations can have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, failure to comply with local, state, provincial and federal laws and regulations to which our operations will be subject may result in penalties and costs that could adversely affect our business and our operating results. 
 In certain areas where our retail sites are located, state or local laws limit the retail sites hours of operation or their sale of alcoholic beverages, tobacco products, possible inhalants and lottery tickets, in particular to minors. Failure to comply with these laws could adversely affect our revenues and results of operations because these state and local regulatory agencies have the power to revoke, suspend or deny applications for and renewals of permits and licenses relating to the sale of these products or to seek other remedies, such as the imposition of fines or other penalties. Moreover, these laws may impact our sales volumes in general, as customers who purchase certain products such as alcoholic beverages typically buy other products when they shop. Laws that curtail the consumer s ability to buy certain products at our retail sites may curtail consumer demand for other products that we sell. 
 We are subject to extensive government laws and regulations concerning our employees, and the cost of compliance with such laws and regulations can be material. 
 Regulations related to wages and other compensation affect our business. Any appreciable increase in applicable employment laws and regulations, including the statutory minimum wage, exemption levels or overtime regulations could result in an increase in labor costs and such cost increase, or the penalties for failing to comply with such statutory minimums, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 In addition, we are directly and indirectly affected by new tax legislation and regulation and the interpretation of tax laws and regulations. This includes potential changes in tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws relating to incentive compensation. Changes in such legislation, regulation or interpretation could have an adverse effect on our incentive compensation structures, which could affect our ability to recruit, develop and retain talented executives and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Any changes in the employment, benefit plan, tax or labor laws or regulations described above or new regulations proposed from time to time, could have a material adverse effect on our employment practices, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws, and the cost of complying with such laws may be material. 
 Our operations are subject to a variety of environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to emissions to the air (such as the federal Clean Air Act), discharges into water (such as the federal Clean Water Act), releases of hazardous and toxic substances and remediation of contaminated sites (such as the Comprehensive Environmental Response Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 CERCLA )), and similar state and local laws and regulations. 
 19 
 
 Under CERCLA, we may, as the owner or operator, be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of contamination at our current locations or our former locations, whether or not we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of such contamination. In particular, as an owner and operator of motor fueling stations, we face risks relating to petroleum product contamination that other retail site operators not engaged in such activities would not face. The remediation costs and other costs required to clean up or treat contaminated sites could be substantial. Contamination on and from our current or former locations may subject us to liability to third parties or governmental authorities for injuries to persons, property or natural resources and may adversely affect our ability to sell or rent our properties or to borrow money using such properties as collateral. 
 CERCLA also provides that persons who dispose of or arrange for the disposal or treatment of hazardous or toxic substances at third-party sites may also be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of such substances at these disposal sites although such sites are not owned by such persons. Our historic and current operation of many locations and the disposal of contaminated soil and groundwater wastes generated during cleanups of contamination at such locations could expose us to such liability. 
 Pursuant to the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976, as amended, the EPA has established a comprehensive regulatory program for the detection, prevention, investigation and cleanup of leaking underground storage tanks. State or local agencies are often delegated the responsibility for implementing the federal program or developing and implementing equivalent state or local regulations. Compliance with existing and future environmental laws regulating such tanks and systems may require significant expenditures. We pay fees to state leaking UST trust funds in states where they exist. These state trust funds are expected to pay or reimburse us for remediation expenses related to contamination associated with USTs subject to their jurisdiction. Such payments are always subject to a deductible paid by us, specified per incident caps and specified maximum annual payments, which vary among the funds. 
 Additionally, such funds may have eligibility requirements that not all of our current or anticipated sites will meet. To the extent state funds or other responsible parties do not pay or delay payments for remediation, we will be obligated to make these payments, which, in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We can give no assurance that these funds or responsible third parties are or will continue to remain viable. 
 Motor fuel operations present risks of soil and groundwater contamination. In the future, we may incur substantial expenditures for remediation of contamination that has not been discovered at locations which we may acquire. We regularly monitor our facilities for environmental contamination and record liabilities on our financial statements to cover potential environmental remediation and compliance costs when probable to occur and reasonably estimable. However, we can make no assurance that the liabilities we have recorded are the only environmental liabilities relating to our current and former locations, that material environmental conditions not known to us do not exist, that future laws or regulations will not impose material environmental liability on us or that our actual environmental liabilities will not exceed our reserves. In addition, failure to comply with environmental regulations, including the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act or CERCLA, or an increase in regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 A significant decrease in demand for motor fuel, including increased consumer preference for alternative motor fuels or improvements in fuel efficiency, in the areas we serve would reduce our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 Developments aimed at reducing greenhouse gas emissions contribution to climate change may decrease the demand or increase the cost for our major product, petroleum-based motor fuel. Attitudes toward this product and its relationship to the environment may significantly affect our effectiveness in marketing our product and sales. Efforts to steer the public toward non-petroleum-based fuel dependent modes of transportation such as electric, hybrid, battery powered, hydrogen or other alternative fuel-powered motor vehicles may foster a negative perception toward motor fuel or increase costs for our product, thus affecting the public s attitude toward our primary product. Further, changing consumer preferences or driving habits could lead to new forms of fueling destinations or potentially fewer customer visits to our sites, resulting in a decrease in gasoline sales and/or sales of merchandise and food at our company operated sites. In addition, higher prices could reduce the demand for gasoline and the products and services we offer at our convenience stores and adversely impact our sales. New technologies that increase fuel efficiency or offer alternative vehicle power sources or laws or regulations to increase fuel efficiency, reduce consumption or offer alternative vehicle power sources may result in decreased demand for petroleum-based motor fuel. A number of new legal incentives, regulatory requirements and executive initiatives, including the Clean Power Plan CPP ), the Affordable Clean Energy ACE rule that the Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA has proposed to replace the CPP, and various government subsidies such as the extension of certain tax credits for renewable energy, have made these alternative forms of energy and electric vehicles more competitive. We may also incur increased costs for our product, which we may not be able to pass along to our customers. These developments could potentially have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 20 
 
 Changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and the resulting consequences, may have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 The previous U.S. presidential administration indicated its intent to adopt a new approach to trade policy. For example, in 2018, the U.S. government reached a new trade agreement with the Canadian and Mexican governments to replace the North America Free Trade Agreement with the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement. 
 
 The U.S. also initiated tariffs on certain foreign goods and has raised the possibility of imposing significant, additional tariff increases or expanding the tariffs to capture other types of goods. In response, certain foreign governments imposed retaliatory tariffs on goods that their countries import from the U.S. 
 
 Changes in U.S. trade policy, including due to the change in the U.S. presidential administration, could result in one or more foreign governments adopting responsive trade policies that make it more difficult or costly for us to do business in or import our products from those countries. This in turn could require us to increase prices to our customers, which may reduce demand, or, if we are unable to increase prices, result in lowering our margin on products sold. 
 
 We cannot predict the extent to which the U.S. or other countries will impose quotas, duties, tariffs, taxes or other similar restrictions upon the import or export of our products in the future, nor can we predict future trade policy or the terms of any renegotiated trade agreements and their impact on our business. The adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war, or other governmental action related to tariffs or trade agreements or policies has the potential to adversely impact demand for our products, our costs, our customers, our suppliers, and the U.S. economy, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 Increased attention to environmental, social and governance ESG matters and conservation measures may adversely impact our business. 
 
 Increasing attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change and other ESG matters, investor and societal expectations regarding voluntary ESG disclosures, and consumer demand for alternative forms of energy may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our unit price and access to capital markets. Increasing attention to climate change and environmental conservation, for example, may result in reduced demand for fossil fuel products and additional governmental investigations and private litigation against us. To the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be imposed without regard to our causation of or contribution to climate change or asserted damage to the environment, or to other mitigating factors. 
 
 Moreover, while we may create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures may be based on expectations and assumptions. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many ESG matters. 
 
 In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings and recent activism directed at shifting funding away from companies with fossil fuel-related assets could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us and our industry and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our unit price and our access to and costs of capital. Also, institutional lenders may decide not to provide funding for fossil fuel companies based on climate change related concerns, which could affect our access to capital. 
 Unfavorable weather conditions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 Our company operated retail sites are located in regions throughout the U.S. that are susceptible to certain severe weather events, such as hurricanes, flooding, severe thunderstorms, snowstorms, tornadoes and extreme heat and cold. Inclement weather conditions could damage our facilities, our suppliers or could have a significant impact on consumer behavior, travel and retail site traffic patterns as well as our ability to operate our retail sites. We could also be affected by regional occurrences, such as energy shortages or increases in energy prices, fires or other natural disasters. Further, our ability to insure these locations and the related cost of such insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 
 21 
 
 Additionally, many studies have discussed the relationship between GHG emissions and climate change. One consequence of climate change noted in many of these reports is the increased severity of extreme weather, such as increased hurricanes and floods. Such events could adversely affect our operations through water damage, powerful winds or increased costs for insurance. Climate change also continues to attract considerable public and scientific attention. Litigation has been filed against companies in the energy industry related to climate change. Should such suits succeed, we could face additional compliance costs or litigation risks. 
 We could be adversely affected if we are not able to attract and retain a strong management team. 
 We are dependent on our ability to attract and retain a strong management team. If, for any reason, we are not able to attract and retain qualified senior personnel, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. We also are dependent on our ability to recruit qualified retail site and field managers. Failure to attract and retain these individuals at reasonable compensation levels could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We depend on four principal suppliers for the majority of our motor fuel. A disruption in supply or a change in our relationship with any one of them could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 In 2022, our wholesale business purchased approximately 81 of its motor fuel from four suppliers. A change of motor fuel suppliers, a disruption in supply or a significant change in pricing with any of these suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Negative events or developments associated with our branded suppliers could have an adverse impact on our revenues. 
 We believe that the success of our operations is dependent, in part, on the continuing favorable reputation, market value, and name recognition associated with the branded motor fuel sold through our wholesale segment and retail segment. Erosion of the value of those brands could have an adverse impact on the volumes of motor fuel we distribute, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 We rely on our suppliers to provide trade credit to adequately fund our ongoing operations. 
 Our business is impacted by the availability of trade credit to fund motor fuel purchases and inventory purchases of our retail sites. An actual or perceived downgrade in our liquidity or operations could cause our suppliers to seek credit support in the form of additional collateral, limit the extension of trade credit or otherwise materially modify their payment terms. Any material changes in payments terms, including payment discounts, or availability of trade credit provided by our principal suppliers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We could be adversely affected by the creditworthiness and performance of our customers, suppliers and contract counterparties. 
 We are exposed to risk related to the creditworthiness and performance of our customers, suppliers and contract counterparties. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding accounts receivable totaling 32 million. This amount primarily consisted of vendor rebates due from our suppliers, credit card receivables, receivables arising from the sale of fuel and other products to independent franchised or licensed fuel station operators as well as amounts receivable from other industrial and commercial clients. Contracts with longer payment cycles or difficulties in enforcing contracts or collecting accounts receivable could lead to material fluctuations in our cash flows and could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 22 
 
 Pending or future litigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Litigation and publicity concerning motor fuel or food quality, health and other issues could result in significant liabilities or litigation costs and cause consumers to avoid our retail sites. 
 Retail site businesses can be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from customers or government agencies resulting from motor fuel or food quality, illness or other health or environmental concerns or operating issues stemming from one or more locations. Additionally, we may become a party to litigation pertaining to individual personal injury, off-specification motor fuel, product liability, consumer protection laws, contract disputes, wage and hour unemployment claims and other legal actions in the ordinary course of our business and we are occasionally exposed to industry-wide or class-action claims arising from the products we carry or industry-specific business practices. Adverse publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us, regardless of whether the allegations are true, by discouraging customers from purchasing motor fuel, merchandise or food at one or more of our retail sites. We could also incur significant liabilities if a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us. Even if we are successful in defending such litigation, our litigation costs could be significant, and the litigation may divert time and money away from our operations and adversely affect our performance. Our defense costs and any resulting damage awards may not be fully covered by our insurance policies. 
 The dangers inherent in the storage and transport of motor fuel could cause disruptions and could expose us to potentially significant losses, costs or liabilities. 
 We store motor fuel in storage tanks at our retail sites. These operations are subject to significant hazards and risks inherent in storing and transporting motor fuel. These hazards and risks include, but are not limited to, fires, explosions, traffic accidents, spills, discharges and other releases, any of which could result in distribution difficulties and disruptions, environmental pollution, governmentally imposed fines or cleanup obligations, personal injury or wrongful death claims and other damage to our properties and the properties of others. 
 We are not fully insured against all risks incident to our business. We may be unable to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies have increased and could escalate further. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We depend on third-party transportation providers for the transportation of all of our motor fuel. Thus, a significant change or shortage of drivers and/or providers or a significant change in our relationship or commercial terms with any of these providers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 All of the motor fuel we distribute is transported from motor fuel terminals to gas stations by third-party carriers. A change or shortage of transportation providers, a disruption in service or a significant change in our relationship or commercial terms with any of these transportation carriers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern the product quality specifications of the motor fuel that we distribute and sell. 
 Various federal, state and local agencies have the authority to prescribe specific product quality specifications to the sale of commodities. Changes in product quality specifications, such as reformulated fuels mandates, reduced sulfur content in refined petroleum products or other more stringent requirements for fuels, could reduce our ability to procure products and result in a decrease to our sales volume, require us to incur additional handling costs, and/or require the expenditure of capital. If we are unable to procure product or recover these costs through increased sales, our ability to meet our financial obligations could be adversely affected. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in substantial penalties. 
 23 
 
 Our motor fuel sales are generated under contracts that must be renegotiated or replaced periodically. If we are unable to successfully renegotiate or replace these contracts, then our business, financial condition and results of operations and ability to make distributions to unitholders could be adversely affected. 
 Our motor fuel sales are generated under contracts that must be periodically renegotiated or replaced. We may be unable to renegotiate or replace these contracts when they expire, and the terms of any renegotiated contracts may not be as favorable as the contracts they replace. Whether these contracts are successfully renegotiated or replaced is often times subject to factors beyond our control. Such factors include fluctuations in motor fuel prices, counterparty ability to pay for or accept the contracted volumes and a competitive marketplace for the services offered by us. If we cannot successfully renegotiate or replace our contracts or must renegotiate or replace them on less favorable terms, sales from these arrangements could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Further, we have contracts with certain multi-site lessee dealers that provide for the ability for each party to sever or recapture a certain number of sites from the contract. If sites are severed, we will seek to replace the dealer, but it is possible that the agreement with any new dealer may not provide for an equivalent fuel margin and/or rental income stream, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. It is also possible that we will operate the site until the dealer is replaced or indefinitely. 
 We rely on our information technology systems and network infrastructure to manage numerous aspects of our business, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 We depend on our information technology IT systems and network infrastructure to manage numerous aspects of our business and provide analytical information to management. These systems are an essential component of our business and growth strategies, and a serious disruption to them could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our business efficiently. These systems may be vulnerable to, among other things, damage and interruption from power loss or natural disasters, computer system and network failures, loss of telecommunications services, physical and electronic loss of data, security breaches and computer viruses, which could result in a loss of sensitive business information, systems interruption or the disruption of our business operations. To protect against unauthorized access or attacks, we have implemented infrastructure protection technologies and disaster recovery plans, but there can be no assurance that a technology systems breach or systems failure, which may nonetheless occur and go undetected, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Our business and our reputation could be adversely affected by the failure to protect sensitive customer, employee or vendor data, whether as a result of cyber security attacks or otherwise, or to comply with applicable regulations relating to data security and privacy. 
 In the normal course of our business as a motor fuel and merchandise retailer, we obtain large amounts of personal data, including banking information from our customers. While we have invested significant amounts in the protection of our IT systems and maintain what we believe are adequate security controls over individually identifiable customer, employee and vendor data provided to us, a breakdown or a breach in our systems that results in the unauthorized release of individually identifiable customer or other sensitive data could nonetheless occur. 
 Cyber-attacks are rapidly evolving and becoming increasingly sophisticated. A successful cyber-attack resulting in the loss of sensitive customer, employee or vendor data could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. Moreover, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources to further upgrade the security measures that we employ to guard against cyber-attacks. 
 Further, complying with continually evolving regulations associated with the protection of credit and debit card information is costly and taking these measures does not necessarily provide an offsetting financial benefit to us. Failure to comply with these regulations could subject us or our dealers to fines or other regulatory sanctions (potentially including discontinuing operations) and potentially to lawsuits. Additionally, if we acquire a company that has violated or is not in compliance with applicable data protection laws, we may incur significant liabilities and penalties as a result. The cost of compliance and the ramifications of non-compliance could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 24 
 
 Our debt levels and debt covenants may limit our flexibility in obtaining additional financing and in pursuing other business opportunities. 
 We have a significant amount of debt. As of December 31, 2022, we had 606.1 million of total debt and 140.1 million of availability under our revolving CAPL Credit Facility and 159.0 million of total debt and 14.2 million of availability under our JKM Credit Facility. Our level of indebtedness could have important consequences to us, including the following: 
 our ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes may be impaired, or such financing may not be available on favorable terms; 

covenants contained in our credit facilities will require us to meet financial tests that may affect our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business, including possible acquisition opportunities; 

we will need a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest payments on our indebtedness, reducing the funds that would otherwise be available for operations, future business opportunities and distributions to unitholders; 

our debt level will make us more vulnerable than our competitors with less debt to competitive pressures or a downturn in our business or the economy generally; and 

our debt level may limit our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. 

Our ability to service our indebtedness will depend upon, among other things, our future financial and operating performance, which may be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If our operating results are not sufficient to service our current or future indebtedness, we will be forced to take actions, such as reducing distributions, reducing or delaying our business activities, acquisitions, investments and/or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our indebtedness, or seeking additional equity capital or bankruptcy protection. We may not be able to affect any of these actions on satisfactory terms, or at all. 
 A continued increase in interest rates may cause the market price of our common units to decline and a significant increase in interest rates could adversely affect our ability to service our indebtedness. 
 Like all equity investments, an investment in our common units is subject to certain risks. Borrowings under the credit facilities bear interest at variable rates, subject to interest rate swap contracts we entered into to hedge future changes in variable rates. If market interest rates continue to increase, such variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements, which could adversely affect our cash flow and ability to make cash distributions. In exchange for accepting these risks, investors may expect to receive a higher rate of return than would otherwise be obtainable from lower-risk investments. Accordingly, as interest rates rise, the ability of investors to obtain higher risk-adjusted rates of return by purchasing government-backed debt securities may cause a corresponding decline in demand for riskier investments generally, including yield-based equity investments such as publicly traded limited partnership interests. Reduced demand for our common units resulting from investors seeking other more favorable investment opportunities may cause the trading price of our common units to decline. 
 The interest rate on our credit facilities is variable; therefore, we have exposure to movements in interest rates, subject to our interest rate swap contracts. A significant increase in interest rates could adversely affect our ability to service our indebtedness. The increased cost could make the financing of our business activities more expensive. These added expenses could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 LIBOR, the interest rate benchmark used as a reference rate on our variable rate credit facilities, began to be phased out after December 31, 2021, and the publication of certain remaining LIBOR settings is scheduled to cease after June 30, 2023. At this time, no consensus exists as to what rate or rates will become accepted alternatives to LIBOR, although the U.S. Federal Reserve, in connection with the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a steering committee comprised of large U.S. financial institutions, has identified the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as its preferred replacement for U.S. dollar LIBOR. SOFR is a more generic measure than LIBOR and considers the cost of borrowing cash overnight, collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, there are many uncertainties regarding a transition from LIBOR, including but not limited to the need to amend all contracts with LIBOR as the referenced rate and how this will impact the Partnership s cost of variable rate debt. The Partnership will also need to consider new contracts and if they should reference an alternative benchmark rate or include suggested fallback language, as published by the Alternative Reference Rates Committee. The consequences of these developments with respect to LIBOR cannot be entirely predicted and span multiple future periods but could result in an increase in the cost of our variable rate debt, which may be detrimental to our financial position or operating results. 
 25 
 
 Our credit facilities contain operating and financial restrictions that may limit our business, financing activities and ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 The operating and financial restrictions and covenants in our credit facilities and any future financing agreements could adversely affect our ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage, expand or pursue our business activities. For example, our credit facilities may restrict our ability to: 
 make distributions if any potential default or event of default occurs; 

incur additional indebtedness, including the issuance of certain preferred equity interests, or guarantee other indebtedness; 

grant liens or make certain negative pledges; 

make certain advances, loans or investments; 

make any material change to the nature of our business, including mergers, consolidations, liquidations and dissolutions; 

make certain capital expenditures in excess of specified levels; 

acquire another company; 

enter into a sale-leaseback transaction or certain sales or leases of assets; 

enter into certain affiliate transactions; or 

make certain repurchases of equity interests. 

Our CAPL Credit Facility limits our ability to pay distributions upon the occurrence of the following events, among others: 
 failure to pay any principal when due or failure to pay any interest, fees or other amounts owed under our credit facility when due, subject to any applicable grace period; 

failure of any representation or warranty in our credit agreement to be true and correct, and the failure of any representation or warranty in any other agreement delivered in connection with our credit facility to be true and correct in any material respect; 

failure to perform or otherwise comply with the covenants in our credit facility or in other loan documents beyond the applicable notice and grace period; 

any default in the performance of any obligation or condition beyond the applicable grace period relating to any other indebtedness of more than certain thresholds; 

failure of the lenders to have a perfected first priority security interest in the collateral pledged by any loan party; 

the entry of one or more judgments in excess of certain thresholds, to the extent any payments pursuant to the judgment are not covered by insurance; 

a change in ownership or control of our General Partner or us; 

a violation of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, or ERISA and 

a bankruptcy or insolvency event involving us or any of our subsidiaries. 

Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions contained in our credit facilities may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. If we violate any of the restrictions, covenants, ratios or tests in our credit facilities, the debt issued under the credit facilities may become immediately due and payable, and our lenders commitment to make further loans to us may terminate. We might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. In addition, our obligations under our credit facilities will be secured by substantially all of our assets, and if we are unable to repay our indebtedness under our credit facilities, the lenders could seek to foreclose on such assets. 
 26 
 
 We do not own all of the land on which our sites and certain facilities are located, which could result in increased costs and disruptions to our operations. 
 We do not own all of the land on which our sites and certain facilities are located, and we lease a portion of such sites from third parties under long-term arrangements with various expiration dates. As such, we are subject to the possibility that we are unable to renew such leases or are only able to do so with increased costs or more onerous terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We may not be able to lease sites we own or sub-lease sites we lease on favorable terms and any such failure could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and reduce our ability to make distributions to unitholders. 
 We may lease and/or sub-lease certain sites to lessee dealers or commission agents where the rent expense is more than the lease payments. If we are unable to obtain tenants on favorable terms for sites we own or lease, the lease payments we receive may not be adequate to cover our rent expense for leased sites and may not be adequate to ensure that we meet our debt service requirements. We cannot provide any assurance that the margins on our wholesale distribution of motor fuels to these sites will be adequate to offset unfavorable lease terms. The occurrence of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 We rely on DMI to indemnify us for any costs or expenses that we incur for environmental liabilities and third-party claims, regardless of when a claim is made, that are based on environmental conditions in existence prior to the closing of the IPO at our Predecessor Entity s sites. To the extent escrow accounts, insurance and/or payments from DMI are not sufficient to cover any such costs or expenses, our business, financial condition and results of operations and ability to make distributions to unitholders could be adversely affected. 
 The Circle K Omnibus Agreement provides that DMI must indemnify us for any costs or expenses that we incur for environmental liabilities and third-party claims, regardless of when a claim is made, that are based on environmental conditions in existence prior to the closing of the IPO at our Predecessor Entity s sites. Such indemnification survives the termination of the Circle K Omnibus Agreement. DMI is the beneficiary of escrow accounts created to cover the cost to remediate certain environmental liabilities. In addition, DMI maintains insurance policies to cover environmental liabilities and/or, where available, participates in state programs that may also assist in funding the costs of environmental liabilities. There are certain sites that were acquired by us in connection with the IPO with existing environmental liabilities that are not covered by escrow accounts, state funds or insurance policies. To the extent escrow accounts, insurance and/or payments from DMI are not sufficient to cover any such costs or expenses, our business, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on Circle K to indemnify us for any costs or expenses that we incur for environmental liabilities and third-party claims, regardless of when a claim is made, that are based on environmental conditions in existence prior to the closing of the asset exchanges with Circle K and the CST Fuel Supply Exchange. To the extent escrow accounts, insurance and/or payments from Circle K are not sufficient to cover any such costs or expenses, our business, financial condition and results of operations and ability to make distributions to unitholders could be adversely affected. 
 The Asset Exchange Agreement and related agreements provide that Circle K must indemnify us for any costs or expenses that we incur for environmental liabilities and third-party claims, regardless of when a claim is made, that are based on environmental conditions in existence prior to the closing of the asset exchanges with Circle K and the CST Fuel Supply Exchange. Such indemnification survives the termination of the Circle K Omnibus Agreement. Circle K is the beneficiary of escrow accounts created to cover the cost to remediate certain environmental liabilities. In addition, Circle K maintains insurance policies to cover environmental liabilities and/or, where available, participates in state programs that may also assist in funding the costs of environmental liabilities. To the extent escrow accounts, insurance and/or payments from Circle K are not sufficient to cover any such costs or expenses, our business, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 27 
 
 Risks Inherent in our Structure 
 The Topper Group controls the sole member of our General Partner, which has sole responsibility for conducting our business and managing our operations. Our General Partner and its affiliates, including the Topper Group, may have conflicts of interest with us and limited fiduciary duties and they may favor their own interests to the detriment of our unitholders and us. 
 The Topper Group controls the sole member of our General Partner and therefore has the ability to appoint all of the directors of our Board. Although our General Partner has a legal duty to manage us in good faith, the General Partner and its executive officers (as employees of the Topper Group) have a fiduciary duty to manage our General Partner in a manner beneficial to its owner, the Topper Group. Furthermore, certain officers of our General Partner are directors of our Board or officers of affiliates of our General Partner. Therefore, conflicts of interest may arise between us and our unitholders, on the one hand, and our General Partner and its affiliates, including the Topper Group, on the other hand. In resolving these conflicts of interest, under the Partnership Agreement, our General Partner may favor its own interests and the interests of the Topper Group over our interests and the interests of our common unitholders. These conflicts include the following situations, among others: 
 our General Partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, such as the Topper Group, in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of limiting its fiduciary duty to our unitholders; 

neither our Partnership Agreement nor any other agreement requires the Topper Group to pursue a business strategy that favors us; 

officers of our General Partner who provide services to us may devote time to affiliates of our General Partner and may be compensated for services rendered to such affiliate; 

our Partnership Agreement limits the liability of and reduces fiduciary duties owed by our General Partner and also restricts the remedies available to unitholders for actions that, without the limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty; 

except in limited circumstances, our General Partner has the power and authority to conduct our business without unitholder approval; 

our General Partner determines the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, borrowings, issuances of additional partnership securities and the creation, reductions or increases of cash reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to our unitholders; 

our General Partner determines the amount and timing of any capital expenditures and whether a capital expenditure is classified as a maintenance capital expenditure, which reduces operating surplus. Such determination can affect the amount of cash available for distribution to our unitholders; 

our General Partner may cause us to borrow funds in order to permit the payment of cash distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the borrowing is to make incentive distributions; 

our Partnership Agreement permits us to distribute up to 15 million as operating surplus, even if it is generated from asset sales, non-working capital borrowings or other sources that would otherwise constitute capital surplus; 

our Partnership Agreement does not restrict our General Partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with its affiliates on our behalf; 

our General Partner intends to limit its liability regarding our contractual and other obligations; 

our General Partner may exercise its right to call and purchase our common units if it and its affiliates own more than 80 of our common units; 

our General Partner controls the enforcement of obligations that it and its affiliates owe to us; and 

our General Partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us. 

The Topper Group or the Board may modify or revoke our cash distribution policy at any time at their discretion. Our Partnership Agreement does not require us to pay any distributions at all. 
 The Board has adopted a cash distribution policy pursuant to which we intend to distribute quarterly an amount at least equal to the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.4375 per unit on all of our units to the extent we have sufficient cash from our operations after the establishment of reserves and the payment of our expenses. However, the Topper Group, as the owner of our General Partner, or the Board may change such policy at any time at their discretion and could elect not to pay distributions for one or more quarters. In addition, the CAPL Credit Facility includes specified restrictions on our ability to make distributions. 
 28 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement does not require us to pay any distributions at all. Accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the permanence of our distribution policy in making an investment decision. Any modification or revocation of our cash distribution policy could substantially reduce or eliminate the amounts of distributions to our unitholders. The amount of distributions we make, if any, and the decision to make any distribution at all, will ultimately be determined by the Topper Group as the owner of all of the membership interests in the sole member of our General Partner, whose interests may differ from those of our common unitholders. 
 We rely on the employees of the Topper Group to provide key management services to our business pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement. If our Omnibus Agreement were to be terminated, we may not be able to find suitable replacements to perform such services for us without interruption to our business or increased costs. 
 Under our Omnibus Agreement, the Topper Group provides us with the personnel necessary to support our management, administrative and operating services, including accounting, tax, legal, internal audit, risk management and compliance, environmental compliance and remediation management oversight, treasury, information technology and other administrative functions, as well as the management and operation of our wholesale distribution and retail business. If our Omnibus Agreement is terminated, we may suffer interruptions to our business or increased costs to replace these services. 
 The liability of the Topper Group and Couche-Tard is limited under our Omnibus Agreement and Circle K Omnibus Agreement and we have agreed to indemnify the Topper Group and Couche-Tard against certain liabilities, which may expose us to significant expenses. 
 The Omnibus Agreement and the Circle K Omnibus Agreement provide that we must indemnify the Topper Group and Couche-Tard for certain liabilities, including any liabilities incurred by the Topper Group and Couche-Tard attributable to the operating and administrative services provided to us under the agreement, other than liabilities resulting from the Topper Group s or Couche-Tard s bad faith, fraud, or willful misconduct, as applicable. 
 Our General Partner has limited liability regarding our obligations. 
 Our General Partner has limited liability under contractual arrangements between us and third parties so that the counterparties to such arrangements have recourse only against our assets, and not against our General Partner or its assets. Our General Partner may therefore cause us to incur indebtedness or other obligations that are nonrecourse to our General Partner. Our Partnership Agreement provides that any action taken by our General Partner to limit its liability is not a breach of our General Partner s fiduciary duties, even if we could have obtained more favorable terms without the limitation on liability. In addition, we are obligated to reimburse or indemnify our General Partner to the extent that it incurs obligations on our behalf. Any such reimbursement or indemnification payments would reduce the amount of cash otherwise available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 If we distribute a significant portion of our cash available for distribution to our partners, our ability to grow and make acquisitions could be limited. 
 We may determine to distribute a significant portion of our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, we expect to rely primarily upon external financing sources, including commercial bank borrowings and the issuance of debt and equity securities, to fund our acquisitions and expansion capital expenditures. To the extent we are unable to finance growth externally, distributing a significant portion of our cash available for distribution may impair our ability to grow. 
 In addition, if we distribute a significant portion of our cash available for distribution, our growth may lag behind the growth of businesses that reinvest all of their cash to expand ongoing operations. To the extent we issue additional units in connection with any acquisitions or expansion capital expenditures, the payment of distributions on those additional units may increase the risk that we will be unable to maintain or increase our per unit distribution level. There are no limitations in our Partnership Agreement or our CAPL Credit Facility on our ability to issue additional common units, provided there is no default under the CAPL Credit Facility. The incurrence of additional commercial borrowings or other debt to finance our growth strategy would result in increased interest expense, which, in turn, may impact the cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 29 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement replaces, eliminates and modifies, as applicable, the duties, including the fiduciary duties, of our General Partner, the Board or any committee thereof, and modifies the burden of proof in any action brought against the General Partner, the Board or any committee thereof. 
 Our Partnership Agreement contains provisions that modify the duties of the General Partner, including the fiduciary duties of the General Partner, and restricts the remedies available to unitholders for actions taken by our General Partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty under Delaware partnership law. For example, our Partnership Agreement: 
 provides that whenever our General Partner, the Board or any committee of the Board makes a determination or takes, or declines to take, any other action in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership, our General Partner is required to make such determination, or take or decline to take such other action, in good faith, and will not be subject to any higher standard under any Delaware Act (as defined below), or any other law, rule or regulation, or at equity; 

provides that any determination, act or failure to act by our General Partner will be deemed in good faith unless such party believed such determination, other action or failure to act, given the totality of the circumstance, was averse to the interests of the Partnership; 

in any proceeding brought by the Partnership, any limited partner, or any Person who acquires an interest in a Partnership interest or any other Person who is bound by the Partnership Agreement, challenging such action, determination or failure to act, the Person bringing or prosecuting such proceeding shall have the burden of proving that such determination, action or failure to act was not in good faith; 

provides that whenever the General Partner makes a determination or takes or declines to take any other action in its individual capacity as opposed to in its capacity as the general partner of the Partnership, whether under the Partnership Agreement or any other agreement contemplated thereby, then the General Partner, or any affiliate thereof, is entitled to the fullest extent permitted by law, to make such determination or to take or decline to take such other action free of any fiduciary duty, duty of good faith, obligation imposed by Delaware Act, law, rule or in equity to the Partnership, any limited partner or any Person who acquires an interest in a Partnership interest or any other Person who is bound by the Partnership Agreement. Examples of decisions that our General Partner may make in its individual capacity include: 

how to allocate business opportunities among us and its affiliates; 

whether to exercise its call right; and 

whether or not to consent to any merger or consolidation of the Partnership or amendment to the Partnership Agreement. 

provides that our General Partner and its officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to the Partnership or our limited partners resulting from any act or omission unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that our General Partner or its officers and directors, as the case may be, acted in bad faith or, in the case of a criminal matter, acted with knowledge that the conduct was criminal; 

provides that the General Partner may consult with legal counsel, accountants, appraisers, management consultants, investment bankers and other consultants and advisers selected by it, and any act taken or omitted in reliance upon the advice or opinion (including an opinion of counsel) of such persons as to matters that the General Partner reasonably believes to be within such person s professional or expert competence shall be conclusively presumed to have been done or omitted in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion; and 

provides that our General Partner will not be in breach of its obligations under the Partnership Agreement or its fiduciary duties to us or our limited partners if a transaction with an affiliate or the resolution of a conflict of interest is: 

approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board, although our General Partner is not obligated to seek such approval; or 

approved by the vote of a majority of the outstanding common units, excluding any common units owned by our General Partner and its affiliates. 

By purchasing a common unit, a unitholder is treated as having consented to the provisions in the Partnership Agreement, including the provisions discussed above. 
 30 
 
 Our General Partner s affiliates, including the Topper Group, may compete with us. 
 Our Partnership Agreement provides that our General Partner will be restricted from engaging in any business activities other than acting as our General Partner and those activities incidental to its ownership interest in us. Except as provided in the Omnibus Agreement, affiliates of our General Partner are not prohibited from engaging in other businesses or activities, including those that might be in direct competition with us. 
 Pursuant to the terms of our Partnership Agreement, the doctrine of corporate opportunity, or any analogous doctrine, does not apply to our General Partner, the Topper Group or any of their affiliates, including their executive officers and directors. Any such person or entity that becomes aware of a potential transaction, agreement, arrangement or other matter that may be an opportunity for us will not have any duty to communicate or offer such opportunity to us. Any such person or entity will not be liable to us or to any limited partner for breach of any fiduciary duty or other duty by reason of the fact that such person or entity pursues or acquires such opportunity for itself, directs such opportunity to another person or entity or does not communicate such opportunity or information to us. This may create actual and potential conflicts of interest between us and affiliates of our General Partner and result in less than favorable treatment of our unitholders and us. Conflicts of interest may arise in the future between us and our unitholders, on the one hand, and the affiliates of our General Partner and the Topper Group, on the other hand. In resolving these conflicts, the Topper Group may favor its own interests over the interests of our unitholders. 
 Holders of our common units have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our General Partner or the directors of the Board, which could reduce the price at which the common units will trade. 
 Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability to influence management s decisions regarding our business. Unitholders will have no right on an annual or ongoing basis to elect or remove the members of our Board. The Board, including the independent directors, is chosen entirely by the Topper Group, as a result of its ownership of all the membership interests in the sole member of our General Partner, and not by our unitholders. Unlike publicly traded corporations, we will not conduct annual meetings of our unitholders to elect directors or conduct other matters routinely conducted at annual meetings of stockholders of corporations. As a result of these limitations, the price at which the common units will trade could be diminished because of the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. 
 Even if holders of our common units are dissatisfied, they may not be able to remove our General Partner. 
 If our unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our General Partner, they will have limited ability to remove our General Partner. The vote of the holders of at least 66 2 3 of all outstanding common units voting together as a single class is required to remove our General Partner. As of February 23, 2023, the Topper Group beneficially owned approximately 38.5 of our outstanding common units. 
 Our General Partner interest or the control of our General Partner may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent. 
 Our General Partner may transfer its General Partner interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all of its assets without the consent of our unitholders. Furthermore, our Partnership Agreement does not restrict the ability of the Topper Group to transfer its membership interests in the sole member of our General Partner to a third party. The new members of our General Partner would then be in a position to replace the Board and executive officers of our General Partner with their own designees and thereby exert significant control over the decisions taken by the Board and executive officers of our General Partner. This effectively permits a change of control without the vote or consent of the unitholders. 
 31 
 
 Our General Partner has a call right that may require unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price. 
 If at any time our General Partner and its affiliates hold more than 80 of the common units, our General Partner will have the right, but not the obligation, which it may assign to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price equal to the greater of (1) the average of the daily closing price of the common units over the 20 trading days preceding the date that is three days before notice of exercise of the call right is first mailed and (2) the highest per-unit price paid by our General Partner or any of its affiliates for common units during the 90-day period preceding the date such notice is first mailed. As a result, unitholders may be required to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return or a negative return on their investment. Unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. Our General Partner is not obligated to obtain a fairness opinion regarding the value of the common units to be repurchased by it upon exercise of the call right. There is no restriction in our Partnership Agreement that prevents our General Partner from issuing additional common units and exercising its call right. If our General Partner exercised its call right, the effect would be to take us private and, following the deregistering of the units, we would no longer be subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. As of February 23, 2023, the Topper Group beneficially owned approximately 38.5 of our outstanding common units. 
 The market price of our common units could be adversely affected by sales of substantial amounts of our common units in the public or private markets, including sales by the Topper Group or other large holders. 
 As of February 23, 2023, we had 37,937,604 common units outstanding. Sales by the Topper Group or other large holders of a substantial number of our common units in the public or private markets, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common units or could impair our ability to obtain capital through an offering of equity securities. In addition, we have agreed to provide registration rights to the Topper Group. Under our Partnership Agreement and pursuant to a registration rights agreement that we have entered into, the Topper Group has registration rights relating to the offer and sale of any units that it holds, subject to certain limitations. 
 We may issue unlimited additional units without unitholder approval, which would dilute existing unitholder ownership interests. 
 Our Partnership Agreement does not limit the number of additional limited partner interests, including limited partner interests that rank senior to the common units that we may issue at any time without the approval of our unitholders. The issuance of additional common units or other equity interests of equal or senior rank could have the following effects: 
 our existing unitholders proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; 

the amount of cash available for distribution on each unit may decrease; 

the risk that a shortfall in the payment of the minimum quarterly distribution will be borne by our common unitholders will increase; 

the ratio of taxable income to distributions may increase; 

the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding unit may be diminished; 

the claims of the common unitholders to our assets in the event of our liquidation may be subordinated and/or diluted; and 

the market price of our common units may decline. 

Our General Partner s discretion in establishing cash reserves may reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to unitholders. 
 The Partnership Agreement requires our General Partner to deduct from operating surplus cash reserves that it determines are necessary to fund our future operating expenditures. The General Partner may reduce cash available for distribution by establishing cash reserves for the proper conduct of our business, to comply with applicable law or agreements to which we are a party or to provide funds for future distributions to partners. These cash reserves will affect the amount of cash available for distribution to unitholders. 
 32 
 
 Our Partnership Agreement restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20 or more of our common units. 
 Our Partnership Agreement restricts unitholders voting rights by providing that any units held by a person or group that owns 20 or more of any class of units then outstanding, other than our General Partner and its affiliates, their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the prior approval of the Board, cannot vote on any matter. 
 Management fees and cost reimbursements due to our General Partner and the Topper Group for services provided to us or on our behalf will reduce cash available for distribution to our unitholders. The amount and timing of such reimbursements will be determined by our General Partner. 
 Prior to making any distribution on our common units, we will pay the Topper Group the management fee and reimburse our General Partner and the Topper Group for all out-of-pocket third-party expenses they incur and payments they make on our behalf, pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement. Our Partnership Agreement provides that our General Partner will determine in good faith the expenses that are allocable to us. In addition, pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the Topper Group will be entitled to reimbursement for certain expenses that they incur on our behalf. Our Partnership Agreement does not limit the amount of expenses for which our General Partner and the Topper Group may be reimbursed. The reimbursement of expenses and payment of fees, if any, to our General Partner and the Topper Group will reduce the amount of cash available to pay distributions to our unitholders. 
 Unitholders may have liability to repay distributions and in certain circumstances may be personally liable for the obligations of the Partnership. 
 Under certain circumstances, unitholders may have to repay amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them. Under Section 17-607 of the Delaware Revised Uniform Limited Partnership Act (the Delaware Act ), we may not make a distribution to our unitholders if the distribution would cause our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Delaware law provides that for a period of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution, limited partners who received the distribution and who knew at the time of the distribution that it violated Delaware law will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution amount. Liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities that are non-recourse to the Partnership are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted. 
 It may be determined that the right, or the exercise of the right by the limited partners as a group, to (i) remove or replace our General Partner, (ii) approve some amendments to our Partnership Agreement or (iii) take other action under our Partnership Agreement constitutes participation in the control of our business. A limited partner that participates in the control of our business within the meaning of the Delaware Act may be held personally liable for our obligations under the laws of Delaware, to the same extent as our General Partner. This liability would extend to persons who transact business with us under the reasonable belief that the limited partner is a General Partner. Neither our Partnership Agreement nor the Delaware Act specifically provides for legal recourse against our General Partner if a limited partner were to lose limited liability through any fault of our General Partner. 
 The NYSE does not require a publicly traded partnership like us to comply with certain of its corporate governance requirements. 
 Our common units are listed on the NYSE. Because we are a publicly traded partnership, the NYSE does not require us to have, and we do not intend to have, a majority of independent directors on our Board or to establish and maintain a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance committee. Additionally, any future issuance of additional common units or other securities, including to our affiliates, will not be subject to the NYSE s shareholder approval rules that apply to a corporation. Accordingly, unitholders will not have the same protections afforded to corporations (other than controlled companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. 
 33 
 
 Tax Risks 
 Our tax treatment depends in large part on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and our otherwise not being subject to a material amount of U.S. federal, state and local income or franchise tax. If the IRS were to treat us as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or if we were to otherwise be subject to a material amount of additional entity level income, franchise or other taxation for U.S. federal, state or local tax purposes, then our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. 
 The anticipated after-tax benefit of an investment in our common units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. First, a partnership is exempt from U.S. federal income tax, and the partnership s income is instead allocated to the partners for inclusion on their tax returns. Second, under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, the partner may also deduct from the partnership s taxable income allocable to such partner an amount equal to 20 of such qualified business income (subject to certain limits), resulting in a lower effective tax rate for the partner with respect to the partnership s income. A publicly traded partnership, such as us, may be treated as a corporation, instead of being treated as a partnership, for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless 90 or more of its gross income for every taxable year it is publicly traded consists of Qualifying Income. Based on our current operations we believe that we will be able to satisfy this requirement and, thus, be treated as a partnership, rather than a corporation, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. However, a change in our business, or a change in current law, could also cause us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to entity-level taxation. 
 If we were required to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject to entity-level taxation, then we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate which, under current law, is 21 . We would also likely pay state and local income tax at varying rates. Distributions to our unitholders would generally be taxed again as either a dividend (to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits) and/or as taxable gain after recovery of a unitholder s U.S. federal income tax basis in their units, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to our unitholders. Because a U.S. federal income tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. Thus, treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to our unitholders. 
 At the state level, were we to be subject to U.S. federal income tax, we would also be subject to the income tax provisions of many states. Moreover, because of widespread state budget deficits and other reasons, several states are evaluating ways to independently subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income taxes, franchise taxes and other forms of taxation. Imposition of any additional such taxes on us or an increase in the existing tax rates would reduce the cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 
 Our Partnership Agreement provides that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a manner that results in us becoming subject to either: (a) entity-level taxation for U.S. federal, state, local and/or foreign income and/or withholding tax purposes to which we were not subject prior to such enactment, modification or interpretation, and/or (b) an increased amount of one or more of such taxes (including as a result of an increase in tax rates), then the minimum quarterly distribution amounts and the target distribution amounts may be adjusted (i.e., reduced) to reflect the impact of that law on us. 
 We have subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are subject to entity-level U.S. federal, state and local income and franchise tax. 
 We conduct a portion of our operations and business through one or more direct and indirect subsidiaries (including LGWS) that are treated as C corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We may elect to conduct additional operations through these corporate subsidiaries in the future. These corporate subsidiaries are subject to corporate-level taxes, at the corporate tax rate, which is currently 21 , and will also likely be subject to state (and possibly local) income tax at varying rates, on their taxable income. Any such entity level taxes will reduce the cash available for distribution to us and, in turn, to unitholders. If the IRS were to successfully assert that these corporations have more tax liability than we anticipate or legislation were enacted that increased the corporate tax rate, our cash available for distribution to unitholders would be further reduced. Distributions from any such C corporation will generally be taxed again to unitholders as dividend income to the extent of current and accumulated earnings and profits of such C corporation. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to qualified dividend income that is allocable to individuals is 20 . An individual unitholders share of dividend and interest income from LGWS or other C corporation subsidiaries would constitute portfolio income that could not be offset by the unitholders share of our other losses or deductions. 
 34 
 
 The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our common units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis. 
 The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or of an investment in our common units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial changes or differing interpretations at any time. For example, from time to time, members of Congress propose and consider such substantive changes to the existing U.S. federal income tax laws that affect publicly traded partnerships. If implemented, these proposals or other similar proposals could eliminate the Qualifying Income exception upon which we rely for our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws may be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for us to be treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We are unable to predict whether any of these changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted. Any such changes could negatively impact the value of an investment in our common units. 
 If the IRS contests the U.S. federal income tax positions we take, the market for our common units may be adversely impacted and the costs of any contest will reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We have not requested any ruling from the IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes or any other U.S. federal income tax matter affecting us. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the conclusions of our counsel expressed in our disclosures or from the positions we take. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of our counsel s conclusions or the positions we take, and such positions may ultimately not be sustained. A court may not agree with some or all of our counsel s conclusions or the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our common units and the price at which they trade. In addition, the costs of any contest with the IRS, which will be borne indirectly by our unitholders and our General Partner, will result in a reduction in cash available for distribution. 
 Our unitholders are required to pay taxes on their share of income from us even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. A unitholder's share of our taxable income, and its relationship to any distributions we make, may be affected by a variety of factors, including our economic performance, transactions in which we engage or changes in law and may be substantially different from any estimate we make in connection with a unit offering. 
 Our unitholders are required to pay U.S. federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local taxes, on their allocable share of our taxable income and gain even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. Our unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax due with respect to that income. 
 A unitholder s share of our taxable income, and its relationship to any distributions we make, may be affected by a variety of factors, including our economic performance, which may be affected by numerous business, economic, regulatory, legislative, competitive and political uncertainties beyond our control, and certain transactions in which we might engage. For example, we may engage in transactions that produce substantial taxable income allocations to some or all of our unitholders without a corresponding increase in cash distributions to our unitholders, such as a sale or exchange of assets, the proceeds of which are reinvested in our business or used to reduce our debt, or an actual or deemed satisfaction of our indebtedness for an amount less than the adjusted issue price of the debt. A unitholder s ratio of its share of taxable income to the cash received by it may also be affected by changes in law. 
 From time to time, in connection with an offering of our common units, we may state an estimate of the ratio of federal taxable income to cash distributions that a purchaser of our common units in that offering may receive in a given period. These estimates depend in part on factors that are unique to the offering with respect to which the estimate is stated, so the expected ratio applicable to other common units will be different, and in many cases less favorable, than these estimates. Moreover, even in the case of common units purchased in the offering to which the estimate relates, the estimate may be incorrect, due to the uncertainties described above, challenges by the IRS to tax reporting positions which we adopt, or other factors. The actual ratio of taxable income to cash distributions could be higher or lower than expected, and any differences could be material and could materially affect the value of our common units. 
 Unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us. 
 In general, we are entitled to a deduction for interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to our trade or business during our taxable year. Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017, our deduction for business interest is limited to the sum of our business interest income and 30 of our adjusted taxable income. For purposes of this limitation, our adjusted taxable income is computed without regard to any business interest expense or business interest income, and in the case of taxable years beginning before January 1, 2022, any deduction allowable for depreciation, amortization or depletion. 
 35 
 
 Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected. 
 If a unitholder sells common units, the unitholder will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and that unitholder s tax basis in those common units. Distributions per common unit in excess of a unitholder s allocable share of our net taxable income result in a decrease in that unitholder s tax basis in its common units. The amount of this decreased tax basis, with respect to the units sold will, in effect, become taxable income to that unitholder, if that unitholder sells such units at a price greater than that unitholder s tax basis in those units, even if the sales price received is less than the original cost. Furthermore, a substantial portion of the amount realized, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary income due to potential recapture of depreciation and amortization deductions and certain other items. In addition, because the amount realized includes a unitholder s share of our non-recourse liabilities, if a unitholder sells units, that unitholder may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash received from the sale. 
 Tax-exempt organizations and non-U.S. persons face unique tax issues from owning common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. 
 Investment in our common units by organizations that are exempt from U.S. federal income tax, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts and non-U.S. persons raises issues unique to them. For example, a substantial amount of our U.S. federal taxable income and gain constitute gross income from an unrelated trade or business and the amount thereof allocable to a tax-exempt organization would be taxable to such organization as unrelated business taxable income. Distributions to a non-U.S. person that holds our common units will be reduced by U.S. federal withholding taxes imposed at the highest applicable U.S. federal income tax rate and such non-U.S. person will be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns and pay U.S. federal income tax, to the extent not previously withheld, on his, her or its allocable share of our taxable income and gain. 
 Under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, if a unitholder sells or otherwise disposes of a common unit, the transferee is required to withhold 10 of the amount realized by the transferor unless the transferor certifies that it is not a foreign person, and we are required to deduct and withhold from the transferee amounts that should have been withheld by the transferee but were not withheld. The Department of the Treasury and the IRS have issued final regulations providing guidance on the application of these rules for transfers of certain publicly traded partnership interests, including transfers of our common units, that are generally applicable to transfers occurring on or after January 1, 2023. Under these regulations, the amount realized on a transfer of our common units will generally be the amount of gross proceeds paid to the broker effecting the applicable transfer on behalf of the transferor. Such broker will generally be responsible for the 10 withholding obligation, and we will generally not be required to withhold from the transferee amounts that should have been withheld by the broker but were not withheld. Quarterly distributions made to our foreign unitholders on or after January 1, 2023 may also be subject to withholding under these rules to the extent a portion of a distribution is attributable to an amount in excess of our cumulative net income that has not previously been distributed. Any tax-exempt organization or non-U.S. person should consult its tax advisor before investing in our common units, including to discuss the potential impact of tax withholding on distributions on or sales or other taxable dispositions of our common units. 
 Our unitholders are subject to state and local income taxes and return filing requirements in states and localities where they do not live as a result of investing in our common units. 
 In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, our unitholders will likely be subject to other taxes, such as state and local income taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we do business or own property, even if they do not live in any of those jurisdictions. Our unitholders will likely be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions. Further, our unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. We currently conduct business in 34 states (see Item 2. Properties ). Each unitholder must assess the need to file and pay income tax in these states on their allocated share of partnership taxable income. We may own property or conduct business in other states, localities or foreign countries in the future. It is the responsibility of each unitholder to file all U.S. federal, state, local and foreign tax returns. In certain states, tax losses may not produce a tax benefit in the year incurred and also may not be available to offset income in subsequent tax years. Some states may require us, or we may elect, to withhold a percentage of income from amounts to be distributed to a unitholder not otherwise exempt from withholding, who is not a resident of the state. Withholding, the amount of which may be greater or less than a particular unitholders income tax liability to the state, generally does not relieve a nonresident unitholder from the obligation to file a state income tax return. Amounts withheld may be treated as if distributed to unitholders for purposes of determining the amounts distributed by us. Our counsel has not rendered an opinion on the state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences of an investment in our common units. 
 36 
 
 We will treat each purchaser of our common units as having the same tax characteristics on a per-unit basis without regard to the actual common units purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the common units. 
 Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, we will adopt depreciation and amortization positions that may not conform to all aspects of existing Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to those positions could adversely affect the amount of U.S. federal income tax benefits available to our unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes from any sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to a unitholder s U.S. federal income tax returns. 
 We prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and allocate them between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first business day of each month and as of the opening of the applicable exchange on which our common units are listed, instead of on the basis of the date a particular common unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. 
 We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular common unit is transferred. Treasury Regulations allow a similar monthly convention, but such regulations do not specifically authorize the use of the proration method we have adopted. If the IRS were to successfully challenge our proration method, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. 
 If a unitholder lends its common units to a short seller to cover a short sale of common units, the unitholder may be considered to have disposed of those common units for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If such event occurs, the unitholder would no longer be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a partner with respect to those common units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss as a result of such deemed disposition. 
 Because a unitholder that lends common units to a short seller to cover a short sale of common units may be considered to have disposed of the loaned common units, the unitholder may not be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a partner with respect to those common units during the period of the loan to the short seller and the unitholder may recognize gain or loss from such deemed disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan of common units to the short seller, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to such common units may not be reportable by the respective unitholder, and any cash distributions received by the unitholder as to those common units could be fully taxable to them as ordinary income. Unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a loan to a short seller are urged to consult a tax advisor to discuss whether it is advisable to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from loaning their common units. 
 We have adopted certain valuation methodologies that may result in a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between our General Partner and the unitholders. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of the common units. 
 When we issue additional units or engage in certain other transactions, our General Partner will determine the fair market value of our assets and allocate any unrealized gain or loss attributable to our assets to the capital accounts of our unitholders and our General Partner. Although we may from time to time consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, including the valuation of our assets, our General Partner will make many of the fair market value determinations of our assets using a methodology based on the market value of our common units as a means to measure the fair market value of our assets. Our methodology may be viewed as understating or overstating the value of our assets. In that case, there may be a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between certain unitholders and our General Partner, which may be unfavorable to such unitholders. The IRS may challenge our valuation methods and allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction between our General Partner and certain of our unitholders. 
 A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the amount of taxable income, gain or loss being allocated to our unitholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It also could affect the amount of taxable gain from our unitholders sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of the common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders U.S. federal income tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions. 
 37 
 
 If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns for tax years beginning after 2017, it (and some states) may assess and collect any resulting taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly from us, in which case we may require our unitholders and former unitholders to reimburse us for such taxes (including any applicable penalties or interest) or, if we are required to bear such payment, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. 
 Pursuant to the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015, if the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns for tax years beginning after 2017, it (and some states) may assess and collect any resulting taxes (including any applicable interest and penalties) directly from us. We will generally have the ability to shift any such tax liability to our General Partner and our unitholders in accordance with their interests in us during the year under audit, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so (or will choose to do so) under all circumstances, or that we will be able to (or choose to) effect corresponding shifts in state income or similar tax liability resulting from the IRS adjustment in states in which we do business in the year under audit or in the adjustment year. If we make payments of taxes, penalties and interest resulting from audit adjustments, we may require our unitholders and former unitholders to reimburse us for such taxes (including any applicable penalties or interest) or, if we are required to bear such payment, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced. Additionally, we may be required to allocate an adjustment disproportionately among our unitholders, causing the publicly traded units to have different capital accounts, unless the IRS issues further guidance. 
 In the event the IRS makes an audit adjustment to our income tax returns and we do not or cannot shift the liability to our unitholders in accordance with their interests in us during the year under audit, we will generally have the ability to request that the IRS reduce the determined underpayment by reducing the suspended passive loss carryovers of our unitholders (without any compensation from us to such unitholders), to the extent such underpayment is attributable to a net decrease in passive activity losses allocable to certain partners. Such reduction, if approved by the IRS, will be binding on any affected unitholders. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The following table shows the aggregate number of sites we owned or leased by customer group at December 31, 2022: 

Owned Sites 

Leased Sites 

Total Sites 

Percentage of Total Sites 

Lessee dealers 

403 

288 

691 

61 

Company operated 

132 

123 

255 

23 

Commission agents 

145 

40 

185 

16 

Total 

680 

451 

1,131 

100 

We conduct business at sites located in Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Mississippi, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, Wisconsin and Vermont. Our site count includes those involved in our wholesale and retail segments. 
 The following table provides a history of our sites acquired, changes between customer groups or sold during 2022: 

Lessee Dealers 

Company Operated 

Commission Agents 

Total 

Number at beginning of year 

720 

252 

184 

1,156 

Acquired 

3 

6 

2 

11 

Changes between customer groups 

(3) 

3 

Divested 

(32) 

(4) 

(36) 

Number at end of year (a) 

691 

255 

185 

1,131 

(a) Excludes independent commission sites and includes sites where we collect rent but to which we do not distribute motor fuel and closed sites. 

Our principal executive offices are in Allentown, Pennsylvania in approximately 44,000 square feet of leased office space. 
 38 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are from time to time party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. These actions typically seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, breach of contract, property damages, environmental damages, employment-related claims and damages, punitive damages, civil penalties or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. With respect to all such lawsuits, claims and proceedings, we record a reserve when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In addition, we disclose matters for which management believes a material loss is at least reasonably possible. None of these proceedings, separately or in the aggregate, are expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In all instances, management has assessed the matter based on current information and made a judgment concerning its potential outcome, giving due consideration to the nature of the claim, the amount and nature of damages sought and the probability of success. Management s judgment may prove materially inaccurate, and such judgment is made subject to the known uncertainties of litigation. 
 Additional information regarding legal proceedings is included in Note 16 to the financial statements. 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 39 
 
 PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 As of February 23, 2023, we had 37,937,604 common units outstanding, held by approximately 30 holders of record. Our common units are listed and trade on the NYSE under the symbol CAPL. 
 Cash Distribution Policy 
 General 
 The Board has adopted a policy to make cash distributions per unit each quarter, in an amount determined by the Board following the end of such quarter. In general, we expect that cash distributed for each quarter will equal cash generated from operations less cash needed for maintenance capital expenditures, accrued but unpaid expenses (including the management fee to the Topper Group), reimbursement of expenses incurred by our General Partner, debt service and other contractual obligations and reserves for future operating and capital needs or for future distributions to our partners. We expect that the Board will reserve excess cash, from time to time, in an effort to sustain or permit gradual or consistent increases in quarterly distributions. Restrictions in our credit facilities could limit our ability to pay distributions upon the occurrence of certain events. See Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Facility. The Board may also determine to borrow to fund distributions in quarters when we generate less cash available for distribution than necessary to sustain or grow our cash distributions per unit. The factors that we believe will be the primary drivers of our cash generated from operations are changes in demand for motor fuels, the number of sites to which we distribute motor fuels, the margin per gallon we are able to generate at such sites and the profitability of sites we own and lease, including our company operated sites. 
 Our cash distribution policy, established by our General Partner, is to distribute each quarter an amount at least equal to the minimum quarterly distribution of 0.4375 per unit on all units 1.75 per unit on an annualized basis). The distribution declared by the Board on January 19, 2023 was 0.5250 per unit (or 2.10 per unit on an annualized basis). Our General Partner may determine at any time that it is in the best interest of our Partnership to modify or revoke our cash distribution policy. Modification of our cash distribution policy may result in distributions of amounts less than, or greater than, our minimum quarterly distribution, and revocation of our cash distribution policy could result in no distributions at all. In addition, our CAPL Credit Facility includes certain restrictions on our ability to make cash distributions. 
 IDRs 
 On February 6, 2020, we closed on the Equity Restructuring Agreement that eliminated the IDRs. See Note 21 for further discussion on the elimination of the IDRs. 
 ITEM 6. [Reserved] 	 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following MD A is intended to help the reader understand our results of operations and financial condition. This section is provided as a supplement to and should be read in conjunction with Items 1, 1A and 8 (which includes our financial statements) contained in this report. 
 MD A is organized as follows: 
 Recent Developments This section describes significant recent developments, including our acquisition of certain assets from CSS. 

Significant Factors Affecting Our Profitability This section describes the significant impact on our results of operations caused by crude oil commodity price volatility, seasonality and acquisition and financing activities. 

Results of Operations This section provides an analysis of our results of operations, including the results of operations of our business segments and non-GAAP financial measures. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources This section provides a discussion of our financial condition and cash flows. It also includes a discussion of our debt, capital requirements, other matters impacting our liquidity and capital resources and an outlook for our business. 

40 
 
 New Accounting Policies This section describes new accounting pronouncements that we have already adopted, those that we are required to adopt in the future and those that became applicable in the current year as a result of new circumstances. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates This section describes the accounting policies and estimates that we consider most important for our business and that require significant judgment. 

Recent Developments 
 Acquisition of Assets from CSS 
 On November 9, 2022, we closed on the acquisition of assets from CSS for a purchase price of 27.5 million plus working capital. The assets consisted of wholesale fuel supply contracts to 38 dealer owned locations, 35 sub-wholesaler accounts and two commission locations (1 fee based and 1 lease). We funded this acquisition through borrowings on the CAPL Credit Facility and cash on hand. 
 
 Amendment to CAPL Credit Facility 
 
 On November 9, 2022, in connection with our acquisition of assets from CSS, we entered into an amendment (the Amendment to the CAPL Credit Facility. The Amendment, among other things, designates the acquisition of assets from CSS as a specified acquisition (as defined in the CAPL Credit Facility) which results in the maximum leverage ratio increasing to 5.50 to 1.00 through December 31, 2023. 
 
 See Notes 3 and 11 to the financial statements for additional information regarding this acquisition and the CAPL Credit Facility. 
 
 Change in Segment Reporting 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, we changed our segment reporting to simplify the assessment of performance of our segments. Prior to the fourth quarter, the wholesale segment included the wholesale fuel gross profit on intersegment sales by our wholesale segment to our retail segment. Likewise, the wholesale segment included an allocation of operating expenses related to the operation of our retail sites consistent with the allocation of the overall fuel gross profit. 
 Starting in the fourth quarter of 2022, the wholesale segment includes only the fuel gross profit on sales to lessee dealers and independent dealers and the retail segment includes the entire fuel gross profit on sales at our company operated and commission agent sites. Likewise, operating expenses are allocated to each segment based on estimates of the level of effort expended on our 1) lessee and independent dealer business in our wholesale segment; and 2) company operated and commission site business in our retail segment. 
 This change simplifies the assessment of performance of our segments and eliminates the intersegment sales inherent in our prior segment reporting. 
 We have recast the results of our segments for periods prior to October 1, 2022 to be consistent with our new segment reporting. 
 See Note 22 to the financial statements for additional information. 
 
 Acquisition of Assets from 7-Eleven 
 In February 2022, we closed on the final three properties of our 106-site acquisition from 7-Eleven for a purchase price of 3.6 million (including inventory and working capital), of which 1.8 million will be paid on or prior to February 8, 2027. 
 We funded these transactions primarily through the JKM Credit Facility, undrawn capacity under our CAPL Credit Facility and cash on hand. 
 See Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information regarding this acquisition. 
 
 41 
 
 Issuance of Preferred Membership Interests 
 On March 29, 2022, Holdings issued and sold 12,500 newly created Series A Preferred Interests to each of (i) Dunne Manning JKM LLC (the DM Investor ), an entity affiliated with Joseph V. Topper, Jr., and (ii) John B. Reilly, III and a trust affiliated with Mr. Reilly (together with Mr. Reilly, the JBR Investor; and the JBR Investor, together with the DM Investor, the Investors and, each, an Investor at a price of 1,000 per Series A Preferred Interest, for an aggregate purchase price of 25 million in cash (the Preferred Issuance ), in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Preferred Issuance was consummated pursuant to an Investment Agreement, entered into as of March 29, 2022 (the Investment Agreement ), by and among Holdings and each Investor. Following the Preferred Issuance, the Partnership indirectly retains 100 of the common interests of Holdings, and Holdings remains a consolidated subsidiary of the Partnership. 
 In light of the relationships between the Investors and the Partnership, the Preferred Issuance was reviewed by, and received the approval and recommendation of, the conflicts committee of the Board prior to execution of the Investment Agreement and consummation of the Preferred Issuance. 
 In connection with the Preferred Issuance, on March 29, 2022, LGP Operations LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership, each Investor and the Partnership entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement of Holdings to, among other things, set forth the rights, preferences, entitlements, restrictions and limitations of the Series A Preferred Interests. The Series A Preferred Interests have an initial liquidation preference of 1,000 per Series A Preferred Interest and are entitled to a preferred return at a rate of 9 per annum on the liquidation preference, compounded quarterly (the preferred return ). Prior to October 16, 2026, the Series A Preferred Interests will not be entitled to receive distributions, but the preferred return instead will accumulate solely by way of an increase in the liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Interests. From and after October 16, 2026, the preferred return will be payable in cash, on a quarterly basis. The Series A Preferred Interests are subject to exchange (i) upon a liquidation or deemed liquidation event of Holdings, (ii) upon a change of control of the Partnership, (iii) from and after March 1, 2024, at the option of the Partnership and Holdings, and (iv) on March 31, 2029, if any Series A Preferred Interests remain outstanding on such date (each of (i) through (iv), an exchange ). Upon an exchange of any Series A Preferred Interests, the holders thereof will surrender each such Series A Preferred Interest in exchange for an amount equal to the then-current liquidation preference of such Series A Preferred Interest plus any preferred return accrued and unpaid with respect to the period from and after October 16, 2026 (the Exchange Price ). The Exchange Price will be payable in common units of the Partnership or, if any holder of Series A Preferred Interests so elects, in cash. Any common units of the Partnership issued upon any exchange in payment of the Exchange Price will be valued at an amount equal to 23.74 per common unit, which is equal to 115 of the volume weighted average price of a Partnership common unit on the NYSE over the twenty trading-day period ending on March 28, 2022, the trading day immediately prior to the date of the Preferred Issuance. 
 The net proceeds received by Holdings in its sale of the Series A Preferred Interests were contributed to CAPL JKM Partners, which in turn used such proceeds to prepay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility. As a result of this prepayment, CAPL JKM Partners does not need to make a principal payment on the Term Loan Facility until April 1, 2023. 
 See Note 18 to the financial statements for additional information on the preferred membership interests. 
 COVID-19 Pandemic 
 During the first quarter of 2020, an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus spread worldwide, including to the U.S., posing public health risks that have reached pandemic proportions. We experienced a sharp decrease in fuel volume in mid-to-late March 2020. Although the COVID Pandemic has not significantly impacted our results in 2022, fuel volume recovered throughout 2020 and 2021, which impacts the comparability of our results between periods. 
 42 
 
 Significant Factors Affecting our Profitability 
 The Significance of Crude Oil and Wholesale Motor Fuel Prices on Our Revenues, Cost of Sales and Gross Profit 
 The prices paid to our motor fuel suppliers for wholesale motor fuel (which affects our cost of sales) are highly correlated to the price of crude oil. The crude oil commodity markets are highly volatile, and the market prices of crude oil, and, correspondingly, the market prices of wholesale motor fuel, experience significant and rapid fluctuations. For approximately 61 of gallons sold, we receive a per gallon rate equal to the posted rack price, less any applicable discounts, plus transportation costs, taxes and a fixed rate per gallon of motor fuel. The remaining gallons are either retail sales or wholesale DTW contracts that provide for variable, market-based pricing. 
 Regarding our supplier relationships, a material amount of our total gallons purchased are subject to Terms Discounts. The dollar value of these discounts varies with changes in motor fuel prices. Therefore, in periods of lower wholesale motor fuel prices, our gross profit is negatively affected, and, in periods of higher wholesale motor fuel prices, our gross profit is positively affected (as it relates to these discounts). 
 In our retail business, we attempt to pass along wholesale motor fuel price changes to our retail customers through at the pump retail price changes; however, market conditions do not always allow us to do so immediately. The timing of any related increase or decrease in at the pump retail prices is affected by competitive conditions in each geographic market in which we operate. As such, the prices we charge our customers for motor fuel and the gross profit we receive on our motor fuel sales can increase or decrease significantly over short periods of time. 
 Changes in our average motor fuel selling price per gallon and gross margin are directly related to the changes in crude oil and wholesale motor fuel prices. Variations in our reported revenues and cost of sales are, therefore, primarily related to the price of crude oil and wholesale motor fuel prices and generally not as a result of changes in motor fuel sales volumes, unless otherwise indicated and discussed below. 
 As previously reported, we did not have any company operated sites for the period from September 30, 2019 through closing on the retail and wholesale acquisition on April 14, 2020, since which we have again been operating company operated sites. 
 Seasonality Effects on Volumes 
 Our business is subject to seasonality due to our wholesale and retail sites being located in certain geographic areas that are affected by seasonal weather and temperature trends and associated changes in retail customer activity during different seasons. Historically, sales volumes have been highest in the second and third quarters (during the summer months) and lowest during the winter months in the first and fourth quarters. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 Inflation affects our financial performance by increasing certain components of cost of goods sold, such as fuel, merchandise, and credit card fees. Inflation also affects certain operating expenses, such as labor costs, certain leases, and general and administrative expenses. While our wholesale segment benefits from higher terms discounts as a result of higher fuel costs, inflation could and recently has negatively impacted our cost of goods sold and operating expenses. Although we have historically been able to pass on increased costs through price increases, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future. 
 Impact of Interest Rates 
 Recent increases in interest rates (particularly LIBOR) have increased our interest expense as further described below. Although we have hedged 300 million of our variable-rate debt, we are exposed to changes in interest rates on the balance of our variable-rate debt. 
 43 
 
 Acquisition and Financing Activity 
 Our results of operations and financial condition are also impacted by our acquisition and financing activities as summarized below. 
 2020 
 We completed four additional tranches of the asset exchange with Circle K on February 25, 2020, April 7, 2020, May 5, 2020 and September 15, 2020. With the closing of the sixth tranche, the transactions contemplated under the Asset Exchange Agreement were concluded. 

On February 6, 2020, we closed on the Equity Restructuring Agreement that eliminated the IDRs. 

Effective March 25, 2020, we closed on the CST Fuel Supply Exchange. 

On April 14, 2020, we closed on the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets. 

2021 
 From late June 2021 through December 31, 2021, we closed on the purchase of 103 sites of our 106-site acquisition from 7-Eleven, and in July 2021, we entered into a new credit agreement and amended our existing credit facility as further described in Notes 3 and 11 to the financial statements. 

2022 
 In February 2022, we closed on the final three properties of our 106-site acquisition from 7-Eleven. 

On November 9, 2022, we closed on the acquisition of assets from CSS. 

Results of Operations 
 Consolidated Income Statement Analysis 
 Below is an analysis of our consolidated statements of income and provides the primary reasons for significant increases and decreases in the various income statement line items from period to period. Our consolidated statements of income are as follows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating revenues 

4,967,424 

3,579,259 

1,932,323 

Cost of sales 

4,591,653 

3,302,306 

1,720,196 

Gross profit 

375,771 

276,953 

212,127 

Income from CST Fuel Supply equity interests 

3,202 

Operating expenses: 

Operating expenses 

174,708 

134,079 

90,928 

General and administrative expenses 

25,575 

30,930 

20,991 

Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 

80,625 

77,852 

68,742 

Total operating expenses 

280,908 

242,861 

180,661 

Gain on dispositions and lease terminations, net 

1,143 

2,037 

80,924 

Operating income 

96,006 

36,129 

115,592 

Other income, net 

504 

544 

503 

Interest expense 

(32,100) 

(18,244) 

(16,587) 

Income before income taxes 

64,410 

18,429 

99,508 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

714 

(3,225) 

(7,948) 

Net income 

63,696 

21,654 

107,456 

Accretion of preferred membership interests 

1,726 

IDR distributions 

133 

Net income available to limited partners 

61,970 

21,654 

107,323 

44 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Consolidated Results 
 Operating revenues increased 1.4 billion or 39 , while operating income increased 60 million or 166 . Significant items impacting these results were: 
 Operating revenues 
 A 547 million (26 increase in our wholesale segment revenues primarily attributable to a 39 increase in the average daily spot price of WTI crude oil to 94.90 per barrel in 2022, compared to 68.14 per barrel in 2021. The wholesale price of motor fuel is highly correlated to the price of crude oil. See Significant Factors Affecting our Profitability The Significance of Crude Oil and Wholesale Motor Fuel Prices on Our Revenues, Cost of Sales and Gross Profit. Volume decreased 9 due in part to the loss of independent dealer contracts, which are generally lower margin, as well as our real estate optimization efforts and general economic conditions. 

An 841 million (59 increase in our retail segment revenues primarily attributable to a 33 increase in the average retail selling price per gallon in 2022 as compared to 2021 generally due to the increase in crude oil prices discussed above. In addition, volume increased 23 from 2021 to 2022 driven by the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. Lastly, merchandise revenues increased 71 million (34 driven by the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. 

Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales increased 1.3 billion (39 ), which was a result of the increase in wholesale motor fuel prices and the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven discussed above. 
 Gross profit 
 Gross profit increased 99 million (36 ), which was primarily due to a 93 million increase in gross profit from our retail segment driven by the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven along with realizing a higher margin per gallon. See Segment Results for additional analyses. 
 Operating expenses 
 See Segment Results for additional analyses. 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 5.4 million (17 primarily due to an 8.0 million decrease in acquisition-related costs driven by a reduction in legal fees incurred in connection with the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven, partially offset by higher management fees and equity incentive compensation expense. 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased 2.8 million (4 primarily from incremental depreciation, amortization and accretion expense from the property and equipment and intangible assets acquired in the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. This increase was partially offset by a 4.9 million decrease in impairment charges related to our ongoing real estate rationalization effort and the resulting reclassification of these sites to assets held for sale. 
 Gain on dispositions and lease terminations, net 
 During 2022, we recorded a 3.5 million net gain related to sites sold in connection with our ongoing real estate rationalization effort, partially offset by net losses on lease terminations and asset disposals. 
 During 2021, we recorded a 3.3 million net gain related to sites sold in connection with our ongoing real estate rationalization effort, partially offset by net losses on lease terminations and asset disposals. 
 45 
 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased 13.9 million (76 ), primarily driven by a 5.2 million increase in interest expense incurred on the JKM Credit Facility as a result of the timing of borrowings to fund the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven as well as the increase in the LIBOR rate along with a 0.6 million increase in amortization of deferred financing costs as a result of entering into the JKM Credit Facility. In addition, we incurred 7.7 million more in interest expense on the CAPL Credit Facility (net of the impact of the interest rate swaps) due primarily to the increase in the LIBOR rate and to a lesser degree, higher borrowings primarily to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. 
 Income tax expense (benefit) 
 We recorded income tax expense (benefit) of 0.7 million and (3.2) million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, driven by the income generated (losses incurred) by our taxable subsidiaries. 
 Accretion of preferred membership interests 
 In connection with the issuance of preferred membership interests in March 2022 as further discussed in Note 18 to the financial statements, we recorded accretion of 1.7 million in 2022. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Consolidated Results 
 Operating revenues increased 1.6 billion or 85 , while operating income decreased 79 million or 69 . Significant items impacting these results were: 
 Operating revenues 
 An 891 million (71 increase in our wholesale segment revenues primarily attributable to the increase in crude oil prices. The average daily spot price of WTI crude oil increased 74 to 68.14 per barrel in 2021, compared to 39.16 per barrel in 2020. The wholesale price of motor fuel is highly correlated to the price of crude oil. See Significant Factors Affecting our Profitability The Significance of Crude Oil and Wholesale Motor Fuel Prices on Our Revenues, Cost of Sales and Gross Profit. Volume increased 8 primarily as a result of the volume generated by the asset exchanges with Circle K, the CST Fuel Supply Exchange and the acquisition of the retail and wholesale assets, as well as continuing recovery from the COVID-19 Pandemic. 

A 756 million (111 increase in our retail segment revenues primarily attributable to the increase in company operated sites as a result of the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets, the March 2020 CST Fuel Supply Exchange and the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven (the average total system sites increased 27 from 2020 compared to 2021). Volume increased 56 from 2020 to 2021 driven by the acquisitions as well as the continuing recovery from the COVID-19 Pandemic. The average retail fuel price increased 43 between those same periods due primarily due to the increase in wholesale motor fuel prices noted above. In addition, merchandise revenues increased 86 million (70 driven by the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets and the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. 

Cost of sales 
 Cost of sales increased 1.6 billion (92 as a result of the increase in wholesale motor fuel prices and the impact of the increase in sites acquired in the asset exchanges with Circle K, the CST Fuel Supply Exchange, the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets and the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven, as well as the continuing recovery from the COVID-19 Pandemic. 
 Gross profit 
 The 65 million (31 increase in gross profit was primarily due to a 51 million increase in gross profit from the retail segment and a 14 million increase in gross profit from the wholesale segment. See Segment Results for additional analyses. 
 Income from CST Fuel Supply equity interests and Operating expenses 
 See Segment Results for additional analyses. 
 46 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 General and administrative expenses increased 9.9 million (47 primarily driven by a 6.0 million increase in acquisition-related costs as a result of higher legal fees incurred in connection with the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven, a 1.9 million increase in management fees related to an increase in headcount, a 1.1 million increase in equity-based compensation expense as a result of more grants being outstanding during 2021 as compared to 2020 and overall higher general and administrative expenses stemming from the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets and the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven, partially offset by a 1.0 million decrease in credit loss expense. 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 
 Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense increased 9.1 million (13 primarily from the property and equipment and intangible assets acquired in the asset exchanges with Circle K, the CST Fuel Supply Exchange, the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets and the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. We recorded 7.7 million of impairment charges in connection with our ongoing real estate rationalization effort and the resulting reclassification of these sites to assets held for sale, as compared to 9.1 million in 2020. 
 Gain on dispositions and lease terminations, net 
 During 2021, we recorded a 3.3 million gain related to sites sold in connection with our ongoing real estate rationalization effort, partially offset by net losses on lease terminations and asset disposals. 
 During 2020, we recorded a 67.6 million gain on the sale of our 17.5 investment in CST Fuel Supply (see Note 3 to the financial statements for additional information). In addition, we recorded 19.3 million in gains related to the properties sold in the asset exchanges with Circle K and 6.4 million in gains related to the sale of sites in connection with our ongoing real estate rationalization effort. Partially offsetting these gains, we recorded a 10.9 million loss on lease terminations, including a write-off of deferred rent income, in connection with the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense increased 1.7 million (10 primarily due to 1.8 million in interest expense on the JKM Credit Facility along with a 0.8 million increase in amortization of deferred financing costs as a result of entering into the JKM Credit Facility and the amendment to the CAPL Credit Facility. The higher interest expense due to the higher outstanding balance on the CAPL Credit Facility (driven by the borrowings to fund a portion of the purchase price of the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven) was more than offset by a reduction in the average rate on borrowings under our CAPL Credit Facility from 2.6 to 2.1 . 
 Income tax benefit 
 We recorded an income tax benefit of 3.2 million and 7.9 million for 2021 and 2020, respectively. The benefits were primarily driven by losses incurred by our taxable subsidiaries and changes in state apportionment. See Note 20 for additional information. 
 Segment Results 
 We present the results of operations of our segments consistent with how our management views the business. 
 See Recent Developments and Note 22 to the financial statements for information regarding a change in our segment reporting. We have recast the results of our segments for periods prior to October 1, 2022 to be consistent with our new segment reporting. 
 47 
 
 Wholesale 
 The following table highlights the results of operations and certain operating metrics of our wholesale segment. The narrative following these tables provides an analysis of the results of operations of that segment (thousands of dollars, except for the number of distribution sites and per gallon amounts): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Gross profit: 

Motor fuel gross profit 

73,378 

70,221 

57,644 

Rent gross profit 

50,852 

50,736 

50,411 

Other revenues 

6,509 

3,721 

2,344 

Total gross profit 

130,739 

124,678 

110,399 

Income from CST Fuel Supply equity interests (a) 

3,202 

Operating expenses 

(37,072) 

(37,906) 

(34,630) 

Operating income 

93,667 

86,772 

78,971 

Motor fuel distribution sites (end of period): (b) 

Independent dealers (c) 

663 

666 

687 

Lessee dealers (d) 

619 

637 

658 

Total motor fuel distribution sites 

1,282 

1,303 

1,345 

Motor fuel distribution sites (average) 

1,286 

1,325 

1,306 

Volume of gallons distributed 

844,486 

931,288 

862,938 

Margin per gallon 

0.087 

0.075 

0.067 

(a) Represents income from our former equity interest in CST Fuel Supply. The CST Fuel Supply Exchange closed on March 25, 2020. 

(b) In addition, we distributed motor fuel to sub-wholesalers who distributed to additional sites. 

(c) The decrease in the independent dealer site count from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to loss of contracts, most of which were lower margin, partially offset by the increase in independent dealer sites as a result of the acquisition of assets from CSS. 

(d) The decrease in the lessee dealer site count from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022 was primarily attributable to our real estate rationalization effort. 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Gross profit increased 6.1 million (5 ), while operating income increased 6.9 million (8 ). These results were driven by: 
 Motor fuel gross profit 
 The 3.2 million (4 increase in motor fuel gross profit was primarily driven by a 15 increase in our average fuel margin per gallon as compared to 2021 due to higher terms discounts as a result of higher crude prices. The average daily spot price of WTI crude oil increased 39 from 68.14 per barrel in 2021 to 94.90 per barrel in 2022. See Significant Factors Affecting our Profitability The Significance of Crude Oil and Wholesale Motor Fuel Prices on Our Revenues, Cost of Sales and Gross Profit. Additionally, we benefited from better sourcing costs due to our brand consolidation and other initiatives. Lastly, volume decreased 9 due in part to the loss of independent dealer contracts, which are generally lower margin, as well as our real estate optimization efforts and general economic conditions. 
 Other revenues 
 Other revenues increased 2.8 million (75 due to higher take-or-pay income related to minimum purchase quantities in our dealer contracts and higher dealer contract termination fees. 
 48 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Gross profit increased 14.3 million (13 ), while operating income increased 7.8 million (10 ). These results were driven by: 
 Motor fuel gross profit 
 The 12.6 million (22 increase in motor fuel gross profit was primarily driven by a 13 increase in our average fuel margin per gallon as compared to 2020 due to higher terms discounts as a result of higher crude prices. The average daily spot price of WTI crude oil increased 74 from 39.16 per barrel in 2020 to 68.14 per barrel in 2021. See Significant Factors Affecting our Profitability The Significance of Crude Oil and Wholesale Motor Fuel Prices on Our Revenues, Cost of Sales and Gross Profit. Additionally, we benefited from better sourcing costs due to our brand consolidation and other initiatives. In addition, we saw an 8 increase in volume as a result of the asset exchanges with Circle K, the CST Fuel Supply Exchange, the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets and the continuing recovery from the COVID-19 Pandemic. 
 Rent gross profit 
 Rent gross profit increased 0.3 million (1 primarily due to 0.5 million in rent concessions during the second quarter of 2020 and the positive impact from the CST Fuel Supply Exchange, partially offset by a decrease as a result of terminating leases in connection with the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets. 
 Other revenues 
 Other revenues increased 1.4 million (59 primarily due to higher take-or-pay income related to minimum purchase quantities in our dealer contracts. 
 Income from CST Fuel Supply equity interests 
 Income from CST Fuel Supply equity interests is no longer generated as a result of the March 2020 CST Fuel Supply Exchange. 
 Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses increased 3.3 million (9 primarily as a result of a 2.7 million increase in environmental costs related to remediation, costs of compliance testing and monitoring and a 1.2 million increase in insurance costs due to the increase in controlled sites as a result of the acquisitions. 
 49 
 
 Retail 
 The following table highlights the results of operations and certain operating metrics of our retail segment. The narrative following these tables provides an analysis of the results of operations of that segment (thousands of dollars, except for the number of retail sites, gallons sold and per gallon amounts): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Gross profit: 

Motor fuel 

146,546 

79,318 

57,448 

Merchandise 

76,135 

55,117 

32,046 

Rent 

9,797 

8,681 

7,608 

Other revenue 

12,554 

9,159 

4,626 

Total gross profit 

245,032 

152,275 

101,728 

Operating expenses 

(137,636) 

(96,173) 

(56,298) 

Operating income 

107,396 

56,102 

45,430 

Retail sites (end of period): 

Company operated retail sites 

255 

252 

150 

Commission agents 

200 

198 

208 

Total retail segment sites 

455 

450 

358 

Total retail segment statistics: 

Volume of gallons sold 

496,634 

403,850 

259,636 

Average retail fuel sites 

452 

389 

306 

Margin per gallon, before deducting credit card fees and commissions 

0.396 

0.280 

0.298 

Company operated site statistics: 

Average retail fuel sites 

253 

187 

107 

Margin per gallon, before deducting credit card fees 

0.426 

0.309 

0.349 

Merchandise gross profit percentage 

27.2 

26.4 

26.0 

Commission site statistics: 

Average retail fuel sites 

199 

202 

199 

Margin per gallon, before deducting credit card fees and commissions 

0.336 

0.238 

0.260 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Gross profit increased 92.8 million (61 ), while operating income increased 51.3 million (91 ). These results were impacted by: 
 Gross profit 
 Our motor fuel gross profit increased 67.2 million (85 attributable to a 50 increase in margin per gallon in 2022 compared to 2021 due to greater volatility in the price of crude oil in 2022 compared to 2021. In addition, volume increased 23 stemming from the sites acquired from 7-Eleven. 

Our merchandise gross profit and other revenues increased 21.0 million (38 and 3.4 million (37 ), respectively, driven by the sites acquired from 7-Eleven. 

Rent gross profit increased 1.1 million (13 due primarily to the sites acquired in the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. 

Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses increased 41.5 million (43 primarily due to a 33.8 million increase driven by the sites acquired from 7-Eleven. The balance of the increase is primarily due to increases in store level payroll costs and maintenance costs. 
 50 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 Gross profit increased 50.5 million (50 ), while operating income increased 10.7 million (23 ). These results were impacted by: 
 Gross profit 
 Our motor fuel gross profit increased 21.9 million (38 attributable to a 56 increase in volume stemming from the increase in company operated and commission sites as a result of the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets, the March 2020 CST Fuel Supply Exchange, the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven as well as the continuing recovery from the COVID-19 Pandemic (the average total system sites increased 27 from 2020 compared to 2021). 

Our merchandise gross profit and other revenues increased 23.1 million (72 and 4.5 million (98 ), respectively, as a result of the increase in company operated sites driven by the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets and the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. 

Rent gross profit increased 1.1 million (14 due primarily to the company operated and commission sites acquired in the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets, the March 2020 CST Fuel Supply Exchange and the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. 

Operating expenses 
 Operating expenses increased 39.9 million (71 primarily due to the increase in company operated and commission sites as a result of the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets, the March 2020 CST Fuel Supply Exchange and a 15.8 million increase as a result of the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use the non-GAAP financial measures EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow and Distribution Coverage Ratio. EBITDA represents net income before deducting interest expense, income taxes and depreciation, amortization and accretion (which includes certain impairment charges). Adjusted EBITDA represents EBITDA as further adjusted to exclude equity-based compensation expense, gains or losses on dispositions and lease terminations, net and certain discrete acquisition-related costs, such as legal and other professional fees, separation benefit costs and certain other discrete non-cash items arising from purchase accounting. Distributable Cash Flow represents Adjusted EBITDA less cash interest expense, sustaining capital expenditures and current income tax expense. The Distribution Coverage Ratio is computed by dividing Distributable Cash Flow by distributions paid. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow and Distribution Coverage Ratio are used as supplemental financial measures by management and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors and lenders. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are used to assess our financial performance without regard to financing methods, capital structure or income taxes and the ability to incur and service debt and to fund capital expenditures. In addition, Adjusted EBITDA is used to assess the operating performance of our business on a consistent basis by excluding the impact of items which do not result directly from the wholesale distribution of motor fuel, the leasing of real property, or the day to day operations of our retail site activities. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow and Distribution Coverage Ratio are also used to assess the ability to generate cash sufficient to make distributions to our unitholders. 
 We believe the presentation of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow and Distribution Coverage Ratio provides useful information to investors in assessing the financial condition and results of operations. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow and Distribution Coverage Ratio should not be considered alternatives to net income or any other measure of financial performance or liquidity presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow and Distribution Coverage Ratio have important limitations as analytical tools because they exclude some but not all items that affect net income. Additionally, because EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Distributable Cash Flow and Distribution Coverage Ratio may be defined differently by other companies in our industry, our definitions may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. 
 51 
 
 The following table presents reconciliations of EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Distributable Cash Flow to net income, the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure, for each of the periods indicated (in thousands, except for per unit amounts): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net income (a) 

63,696 

21,654 

107,456 

Interest expense 

32,100 

18,244 

16,587 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

714 

(3,225) 

(7,948) 

Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 

80,625 

77,852 

68,742 

EBITDA 

177,135 

114,525 

184,837 

Equity-based employee and director compensation expense 

2,294 

1,311 

172 

Gain on dispositions and lease terminations, net (b) 

(1,143) 

(2,037) 

(80,924) 

Acquisition-related costs (c) 

1,508 

9,461 

3,464 

Adjusted EBITDA 

179,794 

123,260 

107,549 

Cash interest expense 

(29,312) 

(16,382) 

(15,545) 

Sustaining capital expenditures (d) 

(7,164) 

(4,161) 

(3,529) 

Current income tax (expense) benefit (e) 

(2,466) 

(548) 

14,126 

Distributable Cash Flow 

140,852 

102,169 

102,601 

Distributions paid 

79,625 

79,552 

77,751 

Distribution Coverage Ratio (a) 
 
 1.77x 

1.28x 

1.32x 

(a) Beginning in 2022, we reconcile Adjusted EBITDA to Net income rather than to Net income available to limited partners. The difference between Net income and Net income available to limited partners is that, beginning in the second quarter of 2022, the accretion of preferred membership interests issued in late March 2022 is a deduction from Net income in computing Net income available to limited partners. Because Adjusted EBITDA is used to assess our financial performance without regard to capital structure, we believe Adjusted EBITDA should be reconciled with Net income, so that the calculation isn t impacted by the accretion of preferred membership interests. This approach is comparable to our reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to Net income available to limited partners in past periods, as we have not recorded accretion of preferred membership interests in past periods. 

In 2022, we updated our calculation of our Distribution Coverage Ratio to divide Distributable Cash Flow by distributions paid, whereas in prior periods, our Distribution Coverage Ratio was calculated as Distributable Cash Flow divided by the weighted-average diluted common units, and then we divided that result by distributions paid per limited partner unit. 
 
 As a result of these changes, our Distribution Coverage Ratio for 2020 was adjusted from 1.31x (as previously reported) to 1.32x. 
 (b) We recorded gains on the sale of sites in connection with our ongoing real estate rationalization effort of 3.5 million, 3.3 million and 6.4 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. In 2020, we also recorded 19.3 million in gains on the sale of sites in connection with the asset exchange with Circle K and a 67.6 million gain on the sale of our 17.5 investment in CST Fuel Supply. Also in 2020, we recorded a loss on lease terminations, including the non-cash write-off of deferred rent income associated with these leases, of 10.9 million. 

(c) Relates to certain acquisition-related costs, such as legal and other professional fees, separation benefit costs and purchase accounting adjustments associated with recent acquisitions. 

(d) Under the Partnership Agreement, sustaining capital expenditures are capital expenditures made to maintain our long-term operating income or operating capacity. Examples of sustaining capital expenditures are those made to maintain existing contract volumes, including payments to renew existing distribution contracts, or to maintain our sites in conditions suitable to lease, such as parking lot or roof replacement/renovation, or to replace equipment required to operate the existing business. 

(e) Consistent with prior divestitures, the current income tax benefit in 2022, 2021 and 2020 excludes income tax incurred on the sale of sites. 2020 includes the tax benefit of 100 bonus depreciation on the eligible assets acquired in the asset exchanges with Circle K as well as certain dispenser upgrades and rebranding costs. 

52 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 Our principal liquidity requirements are to finance our operations, fund acquisitions, service our debt and pay distributions to our unitholders. We expect our ongoing sources of liquidity to include cash generated by operations, proceeds from sales of sites in connection with our real estate rationalization efforts, borrowings under the CAPL Credit Facility and JKM Credit Facility, and if available to us on acceptable terms, issuances of equity and debt securities. We regularly evaluate alternate sources of capital to support our liquidity requirements. 
 Our ability to meet our debt service obligations and other capital requirements, including capital expenditures, acquisitions, and partnership distributions, will depend on our future operating performance, which, in turn, will be subject to general economic, financial, business, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other conditions, many of which are beyond our control. As a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, we will, from time to time, consider opportunities to repay, redeem, repurchase or refinance our indebtedness. Changes in our operating plans, lower than anticipated sales, increased expenses, acquisitions or other events may cause us to seek additional debt or equity financing in future periods. 
 We believe that we will have sufficient cash flow from operations, borrowing capacity under the CAPL Credit Facility and JKM Credit Facility, access to capital markets and alternate sources of funding to meet our financial commitments, debt service obligations, contingencies, anticipated capital expenditures and partnership distributions. However, we are subject to business and operational risks that could adversely affect our cash flow. A material decrease in our cash flows would likely produce an adverse effect on our borrowing capacity as well as our ability to issue additional equity and/or debt securities and/or maintain or increase distributions to unitholders. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes cash flow activity (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

161,317 

95,468 

104,484 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(46,398) 

(298,690) 

(19,549) 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

(106,513) 

210,357 

(86,202) 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased 65.8 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily attributable to the incremental cash flow generated by the sites acquired from 7-Eleven and the strong fuel margins in 2022. In addition, changes in working capital increased cash flow from operating activities by 16.2 million. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 9.0 million for 2021 compared to 2020. Although the acquisitions drove incremental cash flow from operations, changes in working capital and a 6.0 million increase in acquisition costs (primarily the acquisition from 7-Eleven) reduced cash provided by operating activities for 2021 as compared to 2020. 
 As is typical in our industry, our current liabilities exceed our current assets as a result of the longer settlement of real estate and motor fuel taxes as compared to the shorter settlement of receivables for fuel, rent and merchandise. 
 Investing Activities 
 In 2022, we incurred capital expenditures of 30.4 million driven by site purchases, site upgrades, including store remodels, car wash build-outs, EMV upgrades and rebranding of certain sites, including the sites acquired from 7-Eleven. We paid 27.7 million in connection with the acquisition of assets from CSS and 1.9 million in connection with the closing of sites acquired from 7-Eleven. We received 13.3 million in proceeds primarily from the sale of sites in connection with our real estate rationalization effort. 
 In 2021, we incurred capital expenditures of 41.9 million driven by site upgrades, including store remodels, carwash build-outs, EMV upgrades and rebranding of certain sites, including the sites acquired from 7-Eleven. We received 15.4 million in proceeds from the sales of assets, largely driven by our real estate rationalization effort. We paid 273.0 million in connection with our acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven. 
 53 
 
 In 2020, we received 23.0 million from Circle K primarily in connection with the CST Fuel Supply Exchange that closed in March 2020. In addition, we received 21.2 million in proceeds from the sale of assets in connection with our real estate rationalization effort and paid 28.2 million in connection with our April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets. Also, we incurred capital expenditures of 37.1 million in 2020. 
 Financing Activities 
 In 2022, we paid 79.8 million in distributions. We made net repayments of 47.9 on our credit facilities. We received 24.4 million in net proceeds from the issuance of preferred membership interests during 2022. 
 In 2021, we paid 79.7 million in distributions. We made net borrowings of 299.9 million of our credit facilities, primarily to fund the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven and to pay 9.4 million in acquisition costs and 7.2 million of deferred financing costs. 
 In 2020, we paid 77.9 million in distributions and made net repayments on our CAPL Credit Facility of 5.8 million. 
 Distributions 
 Distribution activity for 2022 was as follows (in thousands): 

Quarter Ended 
 
 Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Cash Distribution (per unit) 

Cash Distribution (in thousands) 

December 31, 2021 
 
 February 3, 2022 
 
 February 10, 2022 

0.5250 

19,896 

March 31, 2022 
 
 May 3, 2022 
 
 May 11, 2022 

0.5250 

19,904 

June 30, 2022 
 
 August 3, 2022 
 
 August 10, 2022 

0.5250 

19,913 

September 30, 2022 
 
 November 3, 2022 
 
 November 10, 2022 

0.5250 

19,912 

December 31, 2022 
 
 February 3, 2023 
 
 February 10, 2023 

0.5250 

19,917 

The amount of any distribution is subject to the discretion of the Board, which may modify or revoke our cash distribution policy at any time. Our Partnership Agreement does not require us to pay any distributions. As such, there can be no assurance we will continue to pay distributions in the future. 
 IDRs 
 We distributed 0.1 million to the Topper Group with respect to the IDRs in 2020. On February 6, 2020, we closed on the Equity Restructuring Agreement that eliminated the IDRs. 
 Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022, our debt and finance lease obligations consisted of the following (in thousands): 

CAPL Credit Facility 

606,137 

JKM Credit Facility 

158,980 

Finance lease obligations 

13,954 

Total debt and finance lease obligations 

779,071 

Current portion 

11,151 

Noncurrent portion 

767,920 

Deferred financing costs, net 

6,282 

Noncurrent portion, net of deferred financing costs 

761,638 

Taking the interest rate swap contracts into account, our effective interest rate on our CAPL Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 was 4.2 (our applicable margin was 1.75 as of December 31, 2022). Letters of credit outstanding under our CAPL Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 totaled 3.8 million. The amount of availability under our CAPL Credit Facility at February 23, 2023, after taking into consideration debt covenant restrictions, was 120.5 million. 
 
 54 
 
 The CAPL Credit Facility contains financial covenants related to leverage and interest coverage as further described in Note 11 to the financial statements. These financial covenants and other covenants may restrict or limit our ability to make distributions, incur additional indebtedness, make certain capital expenditures or dispose of assets in excess of specified levels, among other restrictions. 
 
 Our effective interest rate on our JKM Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 was 6.5 (our applicable margin was 2.25 as of December 31, 2022). Letters of credit outstanding under our JKM Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 totaled 0.8 million. The amount of availability under the JKM Credit Facility at February 23, 2023, after taking into consideration debt covenant restrictions, was 14.2 million. 
 
 Similarly, our JKM Credit Facility contains financial covenants related to leverage and fixed charge coverage as further described in Note 11 to the financial statements. These financial covenants and other covenants may restrict or limit Holdings ability to incur additional indebtedness, make certain capital expenditures or dispose of assets in excess of specified levels, among other restrictions. 
 
 See Recent Developments Amendment to CAPL Credit Facility and Note 11 to the financial statements for information regarding the amendment of the CAPL Credit Facility. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 We make investments to expand, upgrade and enhance existing assets. We categorize our capital requirements as either sustaining capital expenditures, growth capital expenditures or acquisition capital expenditures. Sustaining capital expenditures are those capital expenditures required to maintain our long-term operating income or operating capacity. Acquisition and growth capital expenditures are those capital expenditures that we expect will increase our operating income or operating capacity over the long term. We have the ability to fund our capital expenditures by additional borrowings under our CAPL Credit Facility, JKM Credit Facility, or, if available to us on acceptable terms, accessing the capital markets and issuing additional equity, debt securities or other options, such as the sale of assets. Our ability to access the capital markets may have an impact on our ability to fund acquisitions. We may not be able to complete any offering of securities or other options on terms acceptable to us, if at all. 
 The following table outlines our capital expenditures and acquisitions (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Sustaining capital 

7,164 

4,161 

3,529 

Growth 

23,187 

37,698 

33,528 

Acquisitions 

29,594 

272,983 

28,244 

Total capital expenditures and acquisitions 

59,945 

314,842 

65,301 

Growth capital expenditures decreased in 2022 as compared with 2021, primarily due to a decrease in rebranding of the sites acquired from 7-Eleven. 
 
 A significant portion of our growth capital expenditures are discretionary and we regularly review our capital plans in light of anticipated proceeds from sales of sites. 
 Contractual Obligations, Contingencies, Off Balance Sheet Arrangements and Concentration Risks 
 Our contractual obligations primarily include payments of debt and finance lease obligations and related interest payments and operating lease obligations. 
 As discussed previously, our CAPL Credit Facility matures April 25, 2024 and our JKM Credit Facility matures July 16, 2026. In addition, we have finance lease obligations that expire in 2027 and operating leases that expire through 2041. See Note 11 to the financial statements for additional information on our debt and finance lease obligations, Note 12 for information on interest rate swap contracts and Note 13 for information on our operating lease obligations. 
 See Note 10 for information on AROs, Note 15 for information on environmental matters and Note 16 for information on minimum fuel volume purchase commitments and legal matters. 
 See Note 2 for information on our concentration risks related to our customers, fuel suppliers and fuel carriers. 
 55 
 
 Outlook 
 As noted previously, the prices paid to our motor fuel suppliers for wholesale motor fuel (which affects our cost of sales) are highly correlated to the price of crude oil. The crude oil commodity markets are highly volatile, and the market prices of crude oil, and, correspondingly, the market prices of wholesale motor fuel, experience significant and rapid fluctuations, which affect our motor fuel gross profit. 
 Our results for 2023 are anticipated to be impacted by the following: 
 The acquisition of assets from CSS is anticipated to increase gross profit particularly in the wholesale segment. 

We anticipate that we will continue to realize reductions in our fuel costs as a result of new or amended fuel purchase contracts. 

Given increases in LIBOR, we anticipate higher interest expense. 

We will continue to evaluate acquisitions on an opportunistic basis. Additionally, we will pursue acquisition targets that fit into our strategy. Whether we will be able to execute acquisitions will depend on market conditions, availability of suitable acquisition targets at attractive terms, acquisition-related compliance with customary regulatory requirements, and our ability to finance such acquisitions on favorable terms and in compliance with our debt covenant restrictions. 
 New Accounting Policies 
 No new accounting guidance significantly impacted our business in 2022. For information on our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 to the financial statements. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 We prepare our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. See Note 2 to the financial statements for a summary of our significant accounting policies. 
 Critical accounting policies are those we believe are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because we must make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. We believe the following policies to be the most critical in understanding the judgments that are involved in preparing our financial statements. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The core principle of accounting guidance on revenue recognition is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. This guidance applies to over 90 of our revenues as the only primary revenue stream outside the scope of this guidance is rental income. 
 Revenues from the delivery of motor fuel are recorded at the time of delivery to our customers, by which time the price is fixed, title to the products has transferred and payment has either been received or collection is reasonably assured, net of applicable discounts and allowances. Incremental costs incurred to obtain certain contracts with customers are deferred and amortized over the contract term and are included in other noncurrent assets on the balance sheets. Amortization of such costs are classified as a reduction of operating revenues. 
 Revenues from the sale of convenience store products are recognized at the time of sale to the customer. 
 Revenues from leasing arrangements for which we are the lessor are recognized ratably over the term of the underlying lease. 
 In transactions in which we sell and lease back property, we apply guidance from ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers in determining whether the transfer of the property should be accounted for as a sale. Specifically, we assess if we have satisfied a performance obligation by transferring control of the property. 
 56 
 
 Accounts receivable primarily result from the sale of motor fuels to customers. Our accounts receivable is generally considered as having a similar risk profile. Credit is extended to a customer based on an evaluation of the customer s financial condition. In certain circumstances collateral may be required from the customer and fuel and lease agreements are generally cross-collateralized when applicable. Receivables are recorded at face value, without interest or discount. 
 The allowance for credit losses is generally based upon historical experience while also factoring in any new business conditions that might impact the historical analysis, such as market conditions and bankruptcies of particular customers. Credit loss expense is included in general and administrative expenses. 
 LGW and CAPL JKM Wholesale collect motor fuel taxes, which consist of various pass-through taxes collected from customers on behalf of taxing authorities and remits such taxes directly to those taxing authorities. LGW s and CAPL JKM Wholesale s accounting policy is to exclude the taxes collected and remitted from wholesale revenues and cost of sales and account for them as liabilities. LGWS s and Joe s Kwik Marts retail sales and cost of sales include motor fuel taxes as the taxes are included in the cost paid for motor fuel and LGWS and Joe s Kwik Mart s have no direct responsibility to collect or remit such taxes to the taxing authorities. 
 See Notes 5 and 22 to the financial statements for additional information on our revenues and related receivables. 
 Asset Acquisitions and Business Combinations 
 When closing on an acquisition, we must first determine whether substantially all of the fair value of the set of gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable assets. If this threshold is met, the set is not a business. If this threshold is not met, we determine whether the set meets the definition of a business. 
 A business is defined as an integrated set of assets and activities that is capable of being conducted and managed for the purpose of providing a return to investors or other owners, members or participants. A business typically has inputs, processes applied to those inputs and outputs that are used to generate a return to investors, but outputs are not required for a set to be a business. A business must include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. 
 We account for asset acquisitions (i.e., transactions involving the acquisition of a set of assets that does not meet the definition of a business) in accordance with the guidance under ASC 805-50 and other applicable guidance. Asset acquisitions are generally accounted for by allocating the cost of the acquisition to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed on a relative fair value basis. Two of the key differences in accounting for transactions as asset acquisitions as compared to business combination are summarized below: 
 Transaction costs are capitalized as a component of the cost of the assets acquired rather than expensed as incurred; 

Goodwill is not recognized. Rather, any excess consideration transferred over the fair value of the net assets acquired is allocated on a relative fair value basis to the identifiable net assets other than certain non-qualifying assets as defined in the guidance. 

We account for business combinations in accordance with the guidance under ASC 805 Business Combinations. The purchase price is recorded for assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on fair value. The excess of the fair value of the consideration conveyed over the fair value of the net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. 
 The income statement includes the results of operations for each acquisition from their respective date of acquisition. 
 Whether we account for a transaction as an asset acquisition or a business combination, determining the fair value of assets and liabilities requires management s judgment, the utilization of independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. The judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the investee, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization. 
 57 
 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the fair value of the consideration conveyed to acquire a business over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Goodwill is not amortized, but instead is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level at least annually, and more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the goodwill might be impaired. The annual impairment testing date of goodwill is October 1. 
 In performing our annual impairment analysis, we use qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (likelihood of more than 50 that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. We consider macroeconomic conditions such as developments in equity and credit markets, industry and market conditions such as the competitive environment, cost factors such as changes in our cost of fuel, our financial performance and our unit price. 
 If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further testing is necessary. However, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the goodwill impairment test. 
 In the goodwill impairment test, the reporting unit s carrying amount (including goodwill) and its fair value are compared. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized for the deficit up to the amount of goodwill recorded. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had goodwill totaling 99.4 million and 100.5 million, respectively. Of the December 31, 2022 balance, 49.7 million was assigned to the wholesale reporting unit and 49.7 million was assigned to the retail reporting unit. After assessing the totality of events and circumstances, we determined that it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting units exceed their carrying amounts and therefore goodwill is not impaired at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 Tax Matters 
 As a limited partnership, we are not subject to federal and state income taxes. However, our corporate subsidiaries are subject to income taxes. Income tax attributable to our taxable income (including any dividend income from our corporate subsidiaries), which may differ significantly from income for financial statement purposes, is assessed at the individual limited partner unitholder level. We are subject to a statutory requirement that non-qualifying income, as defined by the Internal Revenue Code, cannot exceed 10 of total gross income for the calendar year. If non-qualifying income exceeds this statutory limit, we would be taxed as a corporation. The non-qualifying income did not exceed the statutory limit in any annual period. 
 Certain activities that generate non-qualifying income are conducted through our wholly owned taxable corporate subsidiaries, LGWS and Joe s Kwik Marts. Current and deferred income taxes are recognized on the earnings of these subsidiaries. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and are measured using enacted tax rates. 
 Valuation allowances are reevaluated each reporting period by assessing the likelihood of the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset. We consider a number of factors in assessing the realization of a deferred tax asset, including the reversal of temporary differences, projections of future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. The amount of deferred tax assets ultimately realized may differ materially from the estimates utilized in the computation of valuation allowances and may materially impact the financial statements in the future. 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. The principal market risks to which we are exposed are interest rate risk and commodity price risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 606.1 million outstanding on our CAPL Credit Facility. Our outstanding borrowings bear interest at LIBOR plus an applicable margin, which was 1.75 at December 31, 2022. 
 In 2020, we entered into interest rate swap contracts to hedge against interest rate volatility on our variable rate borrowings under the CAPL Credit Facility. The interest rate swap contracts have a total notional amount of 300 million, an average fixed rate of 0.438 and mature on April 1, 2024. See Note 12 to the financial statements for additional information. 
 Taking the interest rate swap contracts into account, our effective interest rate on our CAPL Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 was 4.2 . A one percentage point change in LIBOR would impact annual interest expense by approximately 3.1 million. 
 58 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 159.0 million outstanding under our Term Loan Facility. Our borrowings under the JKM Credit Facility had a weighted-average interest rate of 6.5 as of December 31, 2022 (LIBOR plus an applicable margin, which was 2.25 as of December 31, 2022). A one percentage point change in LIBOR would impact annual interest expense by approximately 1.6 million. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 We purchase gasoline and diesel fuel from several suppliers at costs that are subject to market volatility. These purchases are generally made pursuant to contracts or at market prices established with the supplier. 
 We do not currently engage in hedging activities for these purchases due to our pricing structure that allows us to generally pass on price changes to our customers and related parties. 
 A material amount of our total gallons purchased are subject to Terms Discounts for prompt payment and other rebates and incentives, which are recorded within cost of sales. Prompt payment discounts are based on a percentage of the purchase price of motor fuel. As such, the dollar value of these discounts increases and decreases corresponding with motor fuel prices. Based on our current volumes, we estimate a 10 per barrel change in the price of crude oil would impact our annual wholesale motor fuel gross profit by approximately 2.8 million related to these payment discounts. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our operations are located in the U.S., and therefore are not subject to foreign currency risk. 
 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 The SEC, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, adopted rules requiring most companies that file reports with the SEC to include a management report on such company s internal control over financial reporting in its Form 10-K. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm must attest to our internal control over financial reporting. 
 The management of CrossAmerica is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. This internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to the company s management and Board regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. CrossAmerica management assessed the effectiveness of the company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, it used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework, 2013 version. Based on our assessment, we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Grant Thornton LLP (PCAOB ID No. ), our independent registered public accounting firm, has audited our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Their report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on our internal control over financial reporting. 
 59 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Board of Directors, General Partner and Limited Partners 
 CrossAmerica Partners LP 
 Opinion on the financial statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CrossAmerica Partners LP (a Delaware partnership) and subsidiaries (the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, equity and comprehensive income and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and financial statement schedule I (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Partnership as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ), and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 
 Basis for opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical audit matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Classification of Series A Preferred Membership Interests 
 As described further in Note 18 to the financial statements, the Partnership s indirect wholly-owned subsidiary CAPL JKM Holdings LLC Holdings issued and sold 25,000 newly created Series A Preferred Interests at a price of 1,000 per Series A Preferred Interest, for an aggregate purchase price of 25 million on March 29, 2022. The Series A Preferred Interests had an initial liquidation preference of 1,000 per share and are subject to exchange through conversion or redemption (a) upon a liquidation or deemed liquidation event of Holdings, (ii) upon a change of control of the Partnership, (iii) from and after March 1, 2024, at the option of the Partnership and Holdings, and (iv) on March 31, 2029. The Exchange Price will be payable in common units of the Partnership or, if any holder of Series A Preferred Interests so elects, redeemable in cash. We identified the classification of the Series A Preferred Interests as a critical audit matter. 
 60 
 
 The determination of the classification of the Series A Preferred Interests involves an evaluation of the relevant terms and provisions within the Series A Investment Agreement, the Holdings Operating Agreement, the CAPL Credit Facility and the JKM Credit Facility. The relevant accounting literature is complex, and required management to consider the economic characteristics and risks of the Series A Preferred Interests, including all of its stated and implied substantive terms and features, to determine whether the nature of the Series A Preferred Interests are more akin to debt or to equity. The interpretation and application of the accounting literature is subjective and requires specialized skills and knowledge. Auditing management s conclusions related to the classification of the Series A Preferred Interests involved especially challenging auditor judgment to determine whether the nature of the host contract was more akin to debt or to equity and was therefore properly classified. 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the classification issuance of the Series A Preferred Interests included the following, among others. 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls related to the accounting for the issuance of the Series A Preferred Interests, which included classification of the Series A Preferred Interests. 

We utilized personnel with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of management s conclusions by (1) inspecting and assessing the relevant terms and provisions of the Series A Investment Agreement, the Holdings Operating Agreement, the CAPL Credit Facility and the JKM Credit Facility; (2) comparing the relevant terms and provisions to management s analysis; and (3) assessing the appropriateness of management s application of the relevant accounting literature. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Partnership s auditor since 2011. 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 61 
 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 Board of Directors, General Partner and Limited Partners 
 CrossAmerica Partners LP 
 Opinion on internal control over financial reporting 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of CrossAmerica Partners LP (a Delaware partnership) and subsidiaries (the Partnership as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). In our opinion, the Partnership maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by COSO. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Partnership as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 27, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for opinion 
 The Partnership s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Partnership s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Partnership in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and limitations of internal control over financial reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Arlington, Virginia 
 February 27, 2023 
 62 
 
 CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Thousands of Dollars, except unit data) 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 

Accounts receivable from related parties 

Inventory 

Assets held for sale 

Current portion of interest rate swap contracts 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Interest rate swap contracts, less current portion 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Current portion of debt and finance lease obligations 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable to related parties 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Motor fuel and sales taxes payable 

Total current liabilities 

Debt and finance lease obligations, less current portion 

Operating lease obligations, less current portion 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Asset retirement obligations 

Other long-term liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 15 and 16) 

Preferred membership interests 

Equity: 

Common units and units issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 63 
 
 CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Thousands of Dollars, except unit and per unit amounts) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Operating revenues (a) 

Cost of sales (b) 

Gross profit 

Income from CST Fuel Supply equity interests 

Operating expenses: 

Operating expenses (c) 

General and administrative expenses 

Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 

Total operating expenses 

Gain on dispositions and lease terminations, net 

Operating income 

Other income, net 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income before income taxes 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Net income 

Accretion of preferred membership interests 

IDR distributions 

Net income available to limited partners 

Basic and diluted earnings per common unit 

Weighted-average limited partner units: 

Basic common units 

Diluted common units 

Supplemental information: 

(a) includes excise taxes of: 

(a) includes rent income of: 

(b) excludes depreciation, amortization and accretion 

(b) includes rent expense of: 

(c) includes rent expense of: 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 64 
 
 CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Thousands of Dollars) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation, amortization and accretion expense 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Credit loss expense 

Deferred income tax benefit 

() 

() 

() 

Equity-based employee and director compensation expense 

Gain on dispositions and lease terminations, net 

() 

() 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Principal payments received on notes receivable 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Proceeds from sale of assets to Circle K 

Capital expenditures 

() 

() 

() 

Cash paid in connection with acquisitions, net of cash acquired 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings under revolving credit facilities 

Repayments on revolving credit facilities 

() 

() 

() 

Borrowings under the Term Loan Facility 

Repayments on the Term Loan Facility 

() 

Net proceeds from issuance of preferred membership interests 

Payments of finance lease obligations 

() 

() 

() 

Payments of deferred financing costs 

() 

() 

Distributions paid on distribution equivalent rights 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to holders of the IDRs 

() 

Distributions paid on common units 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 
 
 CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Thousands of Dollars, except unit amounts) 

Limited Partners Interest 

Common Unitholders 

IDRs 

AOCI 

Total Equity 

Units 

Dollars 

Dollars 

Dollars 

Dollars 

Balance at December 31, 2019 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized loss on interest rate swap contracts 

() 

() 

Realized loss on interest rate swap contracts reclassified from AOCI into interest expense 

Total other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Issuance of units to the Topper Group in connection with the Equity Restructuring Agreement 

Acquisition of assets from entities under common control, net of fair value of common units issued 

Vesting of equity awards, net of units withheld for tax 

Distributions paid 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

() 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income 

Unrealized gain on interest rate swap contracts 

Realized loss on interest rate swap contracts reclassified from AOCI into interest expense 

Total other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income 

Issuance of units related to 2020 Bonus Plan 

Tax effect from intra-entity transfer of assets 

() 

() 

Vesting of equity awards, net of units withheld for tax 

Distributions paid 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

Unrealized gain on interest rate swap contracts 

Realized gain on interest rate swap contracts reclassified from AOCI into interest expense 

() 

() 

Total other comprehensive income 

Comprehensive income 

Issuance of units related to 2021 Bonus Plan 

Vesting of equity awards, net of units withheld for tax 

Accretion of preferred membership interests 

() 

() 

Distributions paid 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 66 

CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 limited partner interest in the Partnership. Description of Business Our business consists of: the wholesale distribution of motor fuels; 

 the owning or leasing of sites used in the retail distribution of motor fuels and, in turn, generating rental income from the lease or sublease of the sites; 

 the retail sale of motor fuels to end customers at retail sites operated by commission agents and ourselves; and 

 the operation of retail sites, including the sale of convenience merchandise to end customers. 

 The consolidated financial statements reflect the consolidated results of the Partnership and its wholly owned subsidiaries. Our primary operations are conducted by the following consolidated wholly owned subsidiaries: LGW and CAPL JKM Wholesale, which distribute motor fuels on a wholesale basis and generate Qualifying Income under Section 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code; 

 LGPR, which functions as our real estate holding company and holds assets that generate qualifying rental income under Section 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code; 

 LGWS, which owns and leases (or leases and sub-leases) real estate and personal property used in the retail sale of motor fuels, as well as provides maintenance and other services to its customers. In addition, LGWS distributes motor fuels on a retail basis and sells convenience merchandise items to end customers at company operated retail sites and sells motor fuel on a retail basis at sites operated by commission agents. Income from LGWS generally is not Qualifying Income under Section 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code; and 

 Joe s Kwik Marts, which owns and leases real estate and personal property at certain of our company operated sites. Joe s Kwik Marts also sells motor fuels on a retail basis and sells convenience merchandise items to end customers. Income from Joe s Kwik Marts generally is not Qualifying Income under Sections 7704(d) of the Internal Revenue Code. 

million of cash and cash equivalents in excess of FDIC insurance limits at December 31, 2022. We have not experienced any losses on our cash and cash equivalents and do not believe we have significant credit risk. 

The income statement includes the results of operations for each acquisition from their respective date of acquisition. Whether we account for a transaction as an asset acquisition or a business combination, determining the fair value of assets and liabilities requires management s judgment, the utilization of independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, market prices and asset lives, among other items. The judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the investee, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the consolidated financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization. 
 to for buildings and improvements and three to for equipment. Amortization of leasehold improvements is based upon the shorter of the remaining terms of the leases including renewal periods that are reasonably assured, or the estimated useful lives, which generally range from seven to . Expenditures for major renewals and betterments that extend the useful lives of property and equipment are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to operations as incurred. Gains or losses on the disposition of property and equipment are recorded in the period the sale meets the criteria for recognition. 
 years. Trademarks and licenses are amortized over periods from five to . Covenants not to compete are amortized over the shorter of the contract term or five years. Intangible assets with finite useful lives are amortized over their respective estimated useful lives and reviewed for impairment if we believe that changes or triggering events have occurred that could have caused the carrying value of the intangible assets to exceed its fair value. Intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but are tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events and circumstances indicate that the intangible assets might be impaired. significant impairment charges relating to intangible assets were recorded for any period presented. that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, including goodwill. We consider macroeconomic conditions such as developments in equity and credit markets, industry and market conditions such as the competitive environment, cost factors such as changes in our cost of fuel, our financial performance and our unit price. If, after assessing the totality of events or circumstances, we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, no further testing is necessary. However, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, then we perform the goodwill impairment test. In the goodwill impairment test, the reporting unit s carrying amount (including goodwill) and its fair value are compared. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than the carrying value, an impairment charge is recognized for the deficit up to the amount of goodwill recorded. No goodwill was impaired for any period presented. 

segments: 1) the wholesale segment and 2) the retail segment. See Note 22 for additional information, including regarding a change in our segment reporting. 
 of our revenues as the only primary revenue stream outside the scope of this guidance is rental income. Revenues from the delivery of motor fuel are recorded at the time of delivery to our customers, by which time the price is fixed, title to the products has transferred and payment has either been received or collection is reasonably assured, net of applicable discounts and allowances. Incremental costs incurred to obtain certain contracts with customers are deferred and amortized over the contract term and are included in other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Amortization of such costs are classified as a reduction of operating revenues. Revenues from the sale of convenience store products are recognized at the time of sale to the customer. Revenues from leasing arrangements for which we are the lessor are recognized ratably over the term of the underlying lease. In transactions in which we sell and lease back property, we apply guidance from ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers in determining whether the transfer of the property should be accounted for as a sale. Specifically, we assess if we have satisfied a performance obligation by transferring control of the property. See Notes 5 and 22 for additional information on our revenues and related receivables. 

ASC 842 Leases requires leases be evaluated and classified as either operating or finance for financial reporting purposes. The lease term used for lease evaluation includes option periods only in instances in which the exercise of the option period is reasonably certain. Generally, lease payments are expensed on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease including renewal periods that are reasonably certain at the inception of the lease. In addition to these lease payments, certain leases require additional contingent payments based on sales volume or future inflation, which are expensed as incurred. See Notes 11 and 13 for additional information. 

, and of our rent income was from two multi-site operators, respectively. In 2022, our wholesale business purchased approximately of its motor fuel from four suppliers. In 2021, our wholesale business purchased approximately of its motor fuel from four suppliers. In 2020, our wholesale business purchased approximately of its motor fuel from four suppliers. No other fuel suppliers accounted for or more of our motor fuel purchases during 2022, 2021 or 2020. Approximately , and of our motor fuel gallons sold were delivered by two carriers for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 C 

million plus working capital. The assets consisted of wholesale fuel supply contracts to dealer owned locations, sub-wholesaler accounts and commission locations fee based and lease). We funded this acquisition through borrowings on the CAPL Credit Facility and cash on hand. 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Current portion of operating lease obligations 

Operating lease obligations, less current portion 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Asset retirement obligations 

Total liabilities 

Total consideration, net of cash acquired 

The fair value of inventory was estimated at retail selling price less estimated costs to sell and a reasonable profit allowance for the selling effort. The fair value of land was based on a market approach. The value of buildings and equipment was based on a cost approach. The buildings and equipment are being depreciated on a straight-line basis, with estimated remaining useful lives of years for the buildings and five to years for equipment. The fair value of the wholesale fuel distribution rights and supply contracts included in intangible assets was based on an income approach. Management believes the level and timing of cash flows represent relevant market participant assumptions. The wholesale fuel distribution rights are being amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of years. The wholesale fuel supply contracts are being amortized on an accelerated basis over an estimated useful life of years. Aggregate incremental revenues since the closing of the acquisition included in CrossAmerica's consolidated statement of income were million for 2022. Acquisition of Assets from 7-Eleven On April 28, 2021, certain newly formed subsidiaries of CrossAmerica, including Joe s Kwik Marts (collectively, Buyer ), entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the Asset Purchase Agreement with 7-Eleven, Inc., a Texas corporation 7-Eleven ), pursuant to which Buyer agreed to purchase certain assets related to the ownership and operations of company operated sites fee; leased) located in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast regions of the U.S. (collectively, the Properties for an aggregate purchase price of million, excluding working capital and subject to adjustment in accordance with the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement. The assets sold by 7-Eleven were part of a divestiture process in connection with its previously announced acquisition of the Speedway business from Marathon Petroleum Corporation. The assets purchased by Buyer include real property and leasehold rights to the Properties, and all inventory and other assets located at the Properties, other than specifically excluded assets, such as rights to intellectual property or rights with respect to 7-Eleven or Speedway branding. Substantially all of the sites purchased were operated under the Speedway brand, and all sites were rebranded in connection with the closing of such site pursuant to the Asset Purchase Agreement. Buyer also assumed certain specified liabilities associated with the assets. Starting in late June 2021, Buyer closed on the acquisition of the Properties on a rolling basis of generally sites per week. Through December 31, 2021, Buyer consummated the closing under the Asset Purchase Agreement of Properties for a purchase price of million, including inventory and other working capital. In February 2022, we closed on the final properties of our -site acquisition from 7-Eleven for a purchase price of million, including inventory and other working capital, of which million will be paid on or prior to February 8, 2027. During 2022, we recorded the purchase of these three properties and adjustments to our previous purchase accounting for the first properties as summarized in the table below (in thousands): 

Other current assets 

Property and equipment 

Intangible assets 

() 

Goodwill 

() 

Total assets 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Other non-current liabilities 

Asset retirement obligations 

Total liabilities 

Total consideration, net of cash acquired 

The fair value of inventory was estimated at retail selling price less estimated costs to sell and a reasonable profit allowance for the selling effort. The fair value of land was based on a market approach. The value of buildings and equipment was based on a cost approach. The buildings and equipment are being depreciated on a straight-line basis, with estimated remaining useful lives of years for the buildings and five to for equipment. The fair value of the wholesale fuel distribution rights included in intangible assets was based on an income approach. Management believes the level and timing of cash flows represent relevant market participant assumptions. The wholesale fuel distribution rights are being amortized on a straight-line basis over an estimated useful life of approximately years. The fair value of goodwill represents expected synergies from combining operations, intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition, and other factors. All goodwill is anticipated to be deductible for tax purposes. Prior Year Acquisitions We completed six tranches of the asset exchange with Circle K on May 21, 2019, September 5, 2019, February 25, 2020, April 7, 2020, May 5, 2020 and September 15, 2020. With the closing of the sixth tranche, the transactions contemplated under the Asset Exchange Agreement we entered into with Circle K on December 17, 2018 Asset Exchange Agreement were concluded. Through these transactions, we acquired sites in exchange for the real property at sites as well as sites previously owned and operated by the Partnership. Although , we continue to distribute fuel to them on a wholesale basis. Effective March 25, 2020, we closed on the CST Fuel Supply Exchange. Through this transaction, we acquired sites, wholesale fuel supply to additional sites and million in proceeds in exchange for our investment in CST Fuel Supply. On April 14, 2020, we closed on the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets. Through these transactions, we expanded the retail operations of the Partnership by sites company operated sites and commission sites) through a combination of (1) entering into new leasing arrangements with related parties as the lessee for sites and (2) terminating contracts where we were previously the lessor and fuel supplier under dealer arrangements for sites that then became company operated sites. As a result of closing on these transactions, we expanded our wholesale fuel distribution by sites, including third-party wholesale dealer contracts, and supply of the newly leased sites. 

 75 

CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 and sites as held for sale at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are expected to be sold within one year of such classification. Assets held for sale were as follows (in thousands): 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Land 

Buildings and site improvements 

Equipment 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation 

() 

() 

Assets held for sale 

The Partnership has continued to focus on divesting lower performing assets. During 2022, we sold properties for million in proceeds, resulting in a net gain of million. During 2021, we sold properties for million in proceeds, resulting in a net gain of million. During 2020, we sold properties for million in proceeds, resulting in a net gain of million. See Note 7 for information regarding impairment charges primarily recorded upon classifying sites within assets held for sale. 

Increase in allowance charged to expense 

Accounts charged against the allowance, net of recoveries 

() 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Notes receivable totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included in other current assets and other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

Motor fuel 

Inventories 

76 

CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Buildings and site improvements 

Leasehold improvements 

Equipment 

Construction in progress 

Property and equipment, at cost 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Property and equipment, net 

Approximately million of property and equipment, net was held for leasing purposes at December 31, 2022. As discussed in Note 13, we lease sites under a lease with Getty Realty Corporation, for which the building and equipment components are classified as a finance lease. The right-of-use asset associated with this finance lease is included in the table above and totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, net of accumulated amortization. Amortization of this right-of-use asset is included in depreciation, amortization and accretion expense on the consolidated statements of income and amounted to million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Depreciation expense, including amortization of assets recorded under finance lease obligations, was approximately million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Included in these amounts are impairment charges primarily related to sites classified within assets held for sale totaling million, million and million during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Trademarks/licenses 

Covenant not to compete 

Total intangible assets 

See Note 3 regarding our acquisition of certain assets from CSS. Amortization expense was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Aggregate amortization expense is expected to be million, million, million, million and million for 2023, 2024, 2025, 2026 and 2027, respectively. 

Adjustments to purchase accounting 

() 

() 

() 

Reassignment of goodwill to reporting units 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

See Note 22 for information regarding our change in segment reporting. 

Capital expenditures and maintenance expenses 

Current portion of environmental liabilities 

Interest 

Equity compensation 

Professional fees 

Other 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Deferred fuel supplier rebates 

Environmental liabilities 

Purchase consideration payable (a) 

Other 

Total other long-term liabilities 

(a) purchase consideration related to the acquisition of assets from 7-Eleven; see Note 3 for additional information. Asset Retirement Obligations after the USTs are no longer in service, depending on the jurisdiction in which the USTs are located. We have estimated that USTs at our owned sites will remain in service approximately years and that we will have an obligation to remove those USTs at that time. For our leased sites, our lease agreements generally require that we remove certain improvements, primarily USTs and signage, upon termination of the lease, and so an asset retirement obligation is incurred upon acquiring the site. There are assets that are legally restricted for purposes of settling our asset retirement obligations. 

Recognition of asset retirement obligations 

Changes in estimated cash flows or settlement dates 

() 

() 

Accretion 

Obligations settled 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Current portion, included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Long-term portion 

JKM Credit Facility 

Finance lease obligations 

Total debt and finance lease obligations 

Current portion 

Noncurrent portion 

Deferred financing costs, net 

Noncurrent portion, net of deferred financing costs 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total future payments 

Less impact of discounting 

Total future principal payments 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 

CAPL Credit Facility The CAPL Credit Facility is a million senior secured revolving credit facility, maturing in April 2024 . The facility can be increased from time to time upon our written request, subject to certain conditions, up to an additional million. The aggregate amount of the outstanding loans and letters of credit under the CAPL Credit Facility cannot exceed the combined revolving commitments then in effect. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest, at the Partnership s option, at (1) a rate equal to LIBOR for interest periods of one, two, three or six months (or, if consented to by all lenders, for such other period that is twelve months or a period shorter than one month), plus a margin ranging from to per annum depending on our consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the credit facility) or (2) (a) a base rate equal to the greatest of, (i) the federal funds rate, plus per annum, (ii) LIBOR for one month interest periods, plus per annum or (iii) the rate of interest established by the agent, from time to time, as its prime rate, plus (b) a margin ranging from to per annum depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. In addition, we incur a commitment fee based on the unused portion of the credit facility at a rate ranging from to per annum depending on our consolidated leverage ratio. We also have the right to borrow swingline loans under the CAPL Credit Facility in an amount up to million. Swingline loans bear interest at the base rate plus the applicable base rate margin. Standby letters of credit are permissible under the CAPL Credit Facility up to an aggregate amount of million. Standby letters of credit are subject to a fronting fee and other customary administrative charges. Standby letters of credit will accrue a fee at a rate based on the applicable margin of LIBOR loans. Our CAPL Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of our assets, including our equity interest in an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CrossAmerica and the sole member of CAPL JKM Partners LLC named CAPL JKM Holdings LLC Holdings ), other than the assets of unrestricted subsidiaries designated as such under the CAPL Credit Facility. Holdings and its subsidiaries are unrestricted subsidiaries under the CAPL Credit Facility. The maximum level for the consolidated leverage ratio financial covenant is generally to but increases to to for the quarter during a specified acquisition period (as defined in the CAPL Credit Facility) and the four quarters that follow. Upon the occurrence of a qualified note offering (as defined in the CAPL Credit Facility), the consolidated leverage ratio when not in a specified acquisition period is increased to to , while the specified acquisition period threshold remains to . Upon the occurrence of a qualified note offering, we are also required to maintain a consolidated senior secured leverage ratio (as defined in the CAPL Credit Facility) for the most recently completed four fiscal quarter period of not greater than to . Such threshold is increased to to for the quarter during a specified acquisition period. On November 9, 2022, in connection with our acquisition of assets from CSS, we entered into an amendment (the Amendment to the CAPL Credit Facility. The Amendment, among other things, designates the acquisition of assets from CSS as a specified acquisition (as defined in the CAPL Credit Facility) which results in the maximum leverage ratio increasing to to through December 31, 2023. We are also required to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the CAPL Credit Facility) of at least to 1.00. These financial covenants and other covenants may restrict or limit our ability to make distributions, incur additional indebtedness, make certain capital expenditures or dispose of assets in excess of specified levels, among other restrictions. We were in compliance with our financial covenants at December 31, 2022. If an event of default under the CAPL Credit Facility occurs and is continuing, the commitments thereunder may be terminated and the principal amount outstanding thereunder, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owed thereunder, may be declared immediately due and payable. Taking the interest rate swap contracts described in Note 12 into account, our effective interest rate on our CAPL Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 was (our applicable margin was as of December 31, 2022). Letters of credit outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled million and million, respectively. The amount of availability under the CAPL Credit Facility at December 31, 2022, after taking into consideration debt covenant restrictions, was million. JKM Credit Facility On July 16, 2021, CAPL JKM Partners LLC Borrower ), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CrossAmerica, entered into a Credit Agreement, as amended on July 29, 2021 (the JKM Credit Facility among Borrower, Holdings and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing bank. The JKM Credit Facility provides for a million senior secured credit facility, consisting of a million delayed draw term loan facility (the Term Loan Facility and a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility permits up to million of swingline borrowings and million in letters of credit. The interest rate applicable to loans outstanding under the JKM Credit Facility is equal to, at Borrower s option, either (i) a base rate plus a margin (which will be determined based on Borrower s consolidated leverage ratio) ranging from to per annum or (ii) LIBOR plus a margin (which will also be determined based on Borrower s consolidated leverage ratio) ranging from to per annum. The Term Loan Facility will amortize in installments of million, with the first payment due and the balance payable on the maturity date of the Term Loan Facility. Letters of credit are subject to a fronting fee and other customary administrative charges. Standby letters of credit accrue a fee at a rate based on the applicable margin of LIBOR loans. In addition, beginning in October 2021, a commitment fee was charged based on the unused portion of the JKM Credit Facility at a rate ranging from to per annum depending on Borrower s consolidated leverage ratio. The JKM Credit Facility will mature on . The obligations under the JKM Credit Facility are guaranteed by Holdings and its subsidiaries (other than Borrower) and secured by a lien on substantially all of the assets of Holdings and its subsidiaries (including Borrower). The obligations under the JKM Credit Facility are nonrecourse to CrossAmerica and its subsidiaries other than Holdings, Borrower and their respective subsidiaries. The JKM Credit Facility also contains financial covenants requiring Borrower to comply with, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of Borrower, commencing with Borrower s fiscal quarter ending December 31, 2021, (i) a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of to 1.00, with step-downs to to 1.00, to 1.00, to 1.00 and to 1.00 on March 31, 2022, March 31, 2023, March 31, 2024 and March 31, 2025, respectively, and (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of to 1.00. These financial covenants and other covenants may restrict or limit Holdings ability to incur additional indebtedness, make certain capital expenditures or dispose of assets in excess of specified levels, among other restrictions. We were in compliance with our financial covenants at December 31, 2022. If an event of default under the JKM Credit Facility occurs and is continuing, the commitments thereunder may be terminated and the principal amount outstanding thereunder, together with all accrued unpaid interest and other amounts owed thereunder, may be declared immediately due and payable. In February 2022, we borrowed million under the Term Loan Facility to partially fund the acquisition of the final three sites from 7-Eleven. Our borrowings under the JKM Credit Facility had a weighted-average interest rate of as of December 31, 2022 (LIBOR plus an applicable margin, which was as of December 31, 2022). Letters of credit outstanding at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 totaled million. The amount of availability under the JKM Credit Facility at December 31, 2022 was million. Finance Lease Obligations In May 2012, the Predecessor Entity entered into a -year master lease agreement with renewal options of up to an additional years with Getty Realty Corporation. Since then, the agreement has been amended from time to time to add or remove sites. As of December 31, 2022, we lease sites under this lease with a weighted-average remaining lease term of 4 years. We pay fixed rent, which increases per year. In addition, the lease requires variable lease payments based on gallons of motor fuel sold. Because the fair value of the land at lease inception was estimated to represent more than of the total fair value of the real property subject to the lease, the land element of the lease was analyzed for operating or capital treatment separately from the rest of the property subject to the lease. The land element of the lease was classified as an operating lease and all of the other property was classified as a capital lease. This assessment was not required to be reassessed upon adoption of ASC 842 Leases. As such, future minimum rental payments are included in both the finance lease obligations table above as well as the operating lease table in Note 13. The weighted-average discount rate for this finance lease obligation at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was . Interest on this finance lease obligation amounted to million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 million, a fixed rate of and matures on . On April 15, 2020, we entered into additional interest rate swap contracts, each with notional amounts of million, a fixed rate of and that mature on . All of these interest rate swap contracts have been designated as cash flow hedges and are expected to be highly effective. The fair value of these interest rate swap contracts, for which the current portion is included in other current assets and the noncurrent portion is included in other assets, totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 17 for additional information on the fair value of the interest rate swap contracts. We report the unrealized gains and losses on our interest rate swap contracts designated as highly effective cash flow hedges as a component of other comprehensive income and reclassify such gains and losses into earnings in the same period during which the hedged interest expense is recorded. We recognized a net realized gain (loss) from settlements of the interest rate swap contracts of million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We currently estimate that a gain of million will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into interest expense during the next months; however, the actual amount that will be reclassified will vary based on changes in interest rates. 

 sites from third parties under certain non-cancelable operating leases that expire from time to time through . The weighted-average remaining lease term was years as of December 31, 2022. 

Operating expenses 

General and administrative expenses 

Total 

Variable lease payments based on inflation or fuel volume included in the table above totaled million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Short-term lease payments included in the table above that are excluded from the lease liability amounted to million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities under operating leases totaled million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted-average discount rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future payments 

Less impact of discounting 

Current portion 

Long-term portion 

Most lease agreements include provisions for renewals. We generally do not include renewal options in our lease term for purposes of measuring our lease liabilities and right-of-use assets unless the sublease to our customer extends beyond the term of the head lease. Of our leased sites, we operate of them as company operated sites. Substantially all the remaining leased sites are subleased to lessee dealers or commission agents under leases with terms generally ranging from one to and which may include renewal options. Sublease rental income amounted to million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Operating Leases of Sites as Lessor Motor fuel stations are leased to tenants under operating leases with various expiration dates ranging . Most lease agreements include provisions for renewals. We generally do not include renewal options in our lease term. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total future minimum lease payments 

The future minimum rental payments presented above do not include contingent rent based on future inflation, future revenues or volumes of the lessee, or non-lease components for amounts that may be received as tenant reimbursements for certain operating costs. Deferred rent income from straight-line rent relates to the cumulative amount by which straight-line rental income recorded to date exceeds cash rents billed to date under the lease agreement and totaled million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 million and million for 2020, respectively. As a result of the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets as of April 14, 2020, we longer have any revenue from DMS. Revenues from TopStar, an entity affiliated with the Topper Group, were million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accounts receivable from TopStar were million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Effective , we acquired wholesale fuel supply rights, including this supply contract, as part of the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets. Prior to April 14, 2020, we only leased motor fuel stations to TopStar. CrossAmerica leases real estate from the Topper Group. Rent expense under these lease agreements, including rent incurred under the leases entered into in connection with the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets, was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Omnibus Agreement On January 15, 2020, the Partnership entered into an Omnibus Agreement, effective as of (the Omnibus Agreement ), among the Partnership, the General Partner and DMI. The terms of the Omnibus Agreement were approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board, which is composed of the independent directors of the Board. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, DMI agreed, among other things, to provide, or cause to be provided, to the General Partner for the benefit of the Partnership, at cost without markup, certain management, administrative and operating services. The Omnibus Agreement will continue in effect until terminated in accordance with its terms. The Topper Group has the right to terminate the Omnibus Agreement at any time upon days prior written notice, and the General Partner has the right to terminate the Omnibus Agreement at any time upon days prior written notice. We incurred expenses under the Omnibus Agreement, including costs for store level personnel at our company operated sites, totaling million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Such expenses are included in operating expenses and general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Amounts payable to the Topper Group related to expenses incurred by the Topper Group on our behalf in accordance with the Omnibus Agreement totaled million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Common Unit Distributions and Other Equity Transactions We distributed million, million and million to the Topper Group related to its ownership of our common units during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We distributed million to the Topper Group related to its ownership of our IDRs during 2020. On February 6, 2020, we closed on the Equity Restructuring Agreement that eliminated the IDRs. We distributed million, million and million to affiliates of John B. Reilly, III related to their ownership of our common units for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. See Note 18 for information regarding the issuance of preferred membership interests to related parties. Maintenance and Environmental Costs Certain maintenance and environmental monitoring and remediation activities are performed by an entity affiliated with the Topper Group, as approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board. We incurred charges with this related party of million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Accounts payable to this related party amounted to million at December 31, 2022. Convenience Store Products We purchase certain convenience store products from an affiliate of John B. Reilly, III and Joseph V. Topper, Jr., members of the Board, as approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board in connection with the April 2020 acquisition of retail and wholesale assets. Merchandise costs amounted to million, million and million for 2022. 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amounts payable to this related party amounted to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Vehicle Lease In connection with the services rendered under the Omnibus Agreement, we lease certain vehicles from an entity affiliated with the Topper Group, as approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board. Lease expense was million for 2022, 2021 and 2020. Principal Executive Offices Our principal executive offices are in Allentown, Pennsylvania. We lease office space from an affiliate of John B. Reilly, III and Joseph V. Topper, Jr., members of our Board, as approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board. Rent expense amounted to million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Public Relations and Website Consulting Services We have engaged a company affiliated with John B. Reilly, III, a member of our Board, for public relations and website consulting services. The cost of these services amounted to million for 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

 We maintain insurance of various types with varying levels of coverage that is considered adequate under the circumstances to cover operations and properties. The insurance policies are subject to deductibles that are considered reasonable and not excessive. In addition, we have entered into indemnification and escrow agreements with various sellers in conjunction with several of their respective acquisitions, as further described below. Financial responsibility for environmental remediation is negotiated in connection with each acquisition transaction. In each case, an assessment is made of potential environmental liability exposure based on available information. Based on that assessment and relevant economic and risk factors, a determination is made whether to, and the extent to which we will, assume liability for existing environmental conditions. 

Provision for new environmental losses 

Changes in estimates for previously incurred losses 

Payments 

() 

() 

Balance at end of year 

Current portion, included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Long-term portion, included within other long-term liabilities 

At December 31, 2022, we were indemnified by third-party escrow funds, state funds or insurance totaling million, which are recorded as indemnification assets and included within other noncurrent assets on the consolidated balance sheet. State funds represent probable state reimbursement amounts. Reimbursement will depend upon the continued maintenance and solvency of the state. Insurance coverage represents amounts deemed probable of reimbursement under insurance policies. The estimates used in these reserves are based on all known facts at the time and an assessment of the ultimate remedial action outcomes. We will adjust loss accruals as further information becomes available or circumstances change. Among the many uncertainties that impact the estimates are the necessary regulatory approvals for, and potential modifications of remediation plans, the amount of data available upon initial assessment of the impact of soil or water contamination, changes in costs associated with environmental remediation services and equipment and the possibility of existing legal claims giving rise to additional claims. Environmental liabilities related to the sites contributed to the Partnership in connection with our IPO have not been assigned to us and are still the responsibility of the Predecessor Entity. The Predecessor Entity indemnified us for any costs or expenses that we incur for environmental liabilities and third-party claims, regardless of when a claim is made, that are based on environmental conditions in existence prior to the closing of the IPO for contributed sites. As such, these environmental liabilities and indemnification assets are not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet of the Partnership. Similarly, we have generally been indemnified with respect to known contamination at sites acquired from third parties. As such, these environmental liabilities and indemnification assets are also not recorded on the consolidated balance sheet of the Partnership. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

In the event we fail to purchase the required minimum volume for a given contract year, the underlying third party s exclusive remedies (depending on the magnitude of the failure) are either termination of the supply agreement and/or a financial penalty per gallon based on the volume shortfall for the given year. We did not incur any significant penalties in 2022, 2021 or 2020. Litigation Matters 

86 

CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 newly created Series A Preferred Interests Series A Preferred Interests to each of (i) Dunne Manning JKM LLC (the DM Investor ), an entity affiliated with Joseph V. Topper, Jr., and (ii) John B. Reilly, III and a trust affiliated with Mr. Reilly (together with Mr. Reilly, the JBR Investor; and the JBR Investor, together with the DM Investor, the Investors and, each, an Investor at a price of per Series A Preferred Interest, for an aggregate purchase price of million in cash (the Preferred Issuance ), in reliance upon an exemption from the registration requirements provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Preferred Issuance was consummated pursuant to an Investment Agreement, entered into as of (the Investment Agreement ), by and among Holdings and each Investor. Following the Preferred Issuance, the Partnership indirectly retains of the common interests of Holdings, and Holdings remains a consolidated subsidiary of the Partnership. In light of the relationships between the Investors and the Partnership, the Preferred Issuance was reviewed by, and received the approval and recommendation of, the conflicts committee of the Board prior to execution of the Investment Agreement and consummation of the Preferred Issuance. In connection with the Preferred Issuance, on March 29, 2022, LGP Operations LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership, each Investor and the Partnership entered into an amended and restated limited liability company agreement of Holdings to, among other things, set forth the rights, preferences, entitlements, restrictions and limitations of the Series A Preferred Interests. The Series A Preferred Interests have an initial liquidation preference of per Series A Preferred Interest and are entitled to a preferred return at a rate of per annum on the liquidation preference, compounded quarterly (the preferred return ). The Exchange Price will be payable in common units of the Partnership or, if any holder of Series A Preferred Interests so elects, in cash. Any common units of the Partnership issued upon any exchange in payment of the Exchange Price will be valued at an amount equal to per common unit, which is equal to of the volume weighted average price of a Partnership common unit on the NYSE over the trading-day period ending on March 28, 2022, the trading day immediately prior to the date of the Preferred Issuance. The net proceeds received by Holdings in its sale of the Series A Preferred Interests were contributed to CAPL JKM Partners, which in turn used such net proceeds to prepay a portion of the outstanding indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility. As a result of this prepayment, CAPL JKM Partners does not need to make a principal payment on the Term Loan Facility until April 1, 2023. See Note 11 for additional information on the Term Loan Facility. Based on an evaluation of the relevant terms and provisions within the Series A Investment Agreement, the Holdings Operating Agreement, the CAPL Credit Facility and the JKM Credit Facility as well as an analysis of the economic characteristics and risks of the Series A Preferred Interests, management concluded that the Series A Preferred Interests are more akin to equity as opposed to debt and thus, in accordance with ASC 480, the preferred membership interests are to be presented in mezzanine equity on the consolidated balance sheet and the carrying amount will be accreted to the Exchange Price over time. We recorded accretion of the preferred membership interests of million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

 87 

CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 , (ii) the number of common units that remain available for grant under the Prior Plan as of July 27, 2022 common units) and (iii) the number of common units that are subject to or underlie awards which expire or for any reason are cancelled, terminated, forfeited, fail to vest, or for any other reason are not paid or delivered in common units under the Prior Plan (and as permitted by the Prior Plan) following the Effective Date. Generally, the 2022 Plan provides for grants of restricted units, unit options, performance awards, phantom units, unit payment, unit appreciation rights, and other unit-based awards, with various limits and restrictions attached to these awards on a grant-by-grant basis. The 2022 Plan is administered by the Board or a committee thereof. The Board may terminate or amend the 2022 Plan at any time with respect to any common units for which a grant has not yet been made. The Board also has the right to alter or amend the 2022 Plan or any part of the 2022 Plan from time to time, including increasing the number of common units that may be granted, subject to unitholder approval as required by the exchange upon which common units are listed at that time; however, no change in any outstanding grant may be made that would adversely affect the rights of a participant with respect to awards granted to a participant prior to the effective date of such amendment or termination, except that the Board may amend any award to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. The 2022 Plan expires on the tenth anniversary of its approval, when common units are no longer available under the 2022 Plan for grants or upon its termination by the Board, whichever occurs first. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Vested 

() 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

() 

() 

Vested 

() 

() 

Nonvested at December 31, 2022 

Phantom Units In July 2022, the Partnership granted phantom units to each of non-employee directors of the Board. Such awards will vest in July 2023, conditioned upon continuous service as non-employee directors. These awards were accompanied by tandem distribution equivalent rights that entitle the holder to cash payments equal to the amount of unit distributions authorized to be paid to the holders of our common units. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Partnership granted phantom units to employees of the Topper Group. Of these awards, vest ratably over through December 31, 2025 and vest upon the employee s death, disability or retirement. These awards were accompanied by tandem distribution equivalent rights that entitle the holder to cash payments equal to the amount of unit distributions authorized to be paid to the holders of our common units. Performance-Based Awards During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Partnership granted performance-based awards with an initial target value of million. The performance-based awards vest on December 31, 2025 based on attainment of the performance goals set forth in the award agreements. The performance-based awards are weighted for the increase of funds flow from operations per unit (as defined in the award agreements) and for leverage (as defined in the award agreements), with a performance period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025 and the reference period for the year ended December 31, 2022. The payout value for both performance conditions will be interpolated on a linear basis ranging from to , which will then be multiplied by the initial target value to determine the value of the units to be issued. The value of the units will then be divided by the -day volume-weighted average closing price of our common units as of the close of trading on the day before the conversion date to determine the actual number of units to be issued. Overall Since we grant awards to employees of the Topper Group who provide services to us under the Omnibus Agreement and non-employee directors of the Board, and since the grants may be settled in cash at the discretion of our Board, unvested phantom units and unvested performance-based awards receive fair value variable accounting treatment. As such, they are measured at fair value at each balance sheet reporting date and the cumulative compensation cost recognized is classified as a liability, which is included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The balance of the accrual was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We record equity-based compensation as a component of general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of income. Equity-based compensation expense was million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

 of total gross income for the calendar year. If non-qualifying income exceeds this statutory limit, we would be taxed as a corporation. The non-qualifying income did not exceed the statutory limit in any annual period presented. 
 Certain activities that generate non-qualifying income are conducted through our wholly owned taxable corporate subsidiaries, LGWS and Joe s Kwik Marts. Current and deferred income taxes are recognized on the earnings of these subsidiaries. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Partnership calculates its current and deferred tax provision based on estimates and assumptions that could differ from actual results reflected in income tax returns filed in subsequent years. Adjustments based on filed returns are recorded when identified. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (CARES) Act was passed on March 27, 2020, which established a carryback of net operating losses (NOLs) generated in 2018, 2019 and 2020 and temporarily suspended the limitation on the use of NOLs in 2018, 2019 and 2020. The CARES Act also increased the adjusted taxable income limitation from to for business interest deductions under IRC Section 163(j) for 2020 and the adjusted taxable income limitation reverts back to for 2021. As a result of the CARES Act, we carried back million in NOLs generated in 2020 to tax years 2015 through 2018, which resulted in the recording of an incremental current benefit of million in 2020, representing the difference between the tax at the statutory rate in 2020 as compared the statutory rate at the time for 2015 through 2018. 

() 

U.S. state 

Total current 

() 

Deferred 

U.S. federal 

() 

() 

() 

U.S. state 

() 

Total deferred 

() 

() 

() 

Income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes of non-taxable entities 

() 

() 

() 

Loss from continuing operations before income taxes of corporate entities 

() 

() 

() 

Federal income tax benefit at statutory rate 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease) due to: 

Rate difference on NOL carryback (a) 

() 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax benefit (b) 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Total income tax expense (benefit) 

() 

() 
 
 (a) -year carryback of net operating losses generated in 2020, which resulted in the recognition of an incremental benefit at the statutory federal rate in effect for 2015 through 2017 relative to the current statutory federal rate of . 

 (b) 

Operating and finance lease obligations 

Asset retirement obligations 

Intangible assets 

Other assets (a) 

Total deferred income tax assets 

Deferred income tax liabilities: 

Deferred rent income 

Property and equipment 

Right-of-use assets 

Total deferred income tax liabilities 

Net deferred income tax liabilities 

(a) million related to a million federal net operating loss that has no expiration 

We record an accrual for federal, state and local and uncertain tax positions. The development of these tax positions requires subjective, critical estimates and judgments about tax matters, potential outcomes and timing. Although the outcome of potential tax examinations is uncertain, in management s opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for potential liabilities resulting from these reviews. If actual outcomes differ materially from these estimates, they could have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. Differences between actual results and assumptions, or changes in assumptions in future periods, are recorded in the period they become known. To the extent additional information becomes available prior to resolution, such accruals are adjusted to reflect probable outcomes. We did t have unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022 or 2021. Our practice is to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. We had no material interest and penalties for 2022, 2021 and 2020. We file income tax returns with the U.S. federal government as well as the many state jurisdictions in which we operate. The statute remains open for tax years through ; therefore, these years remain subject to examination by federal, state and local jurisdiction authorities. 

Allocation of distributions in excess of net income 

() 

() 

Limited partners interest in net income - basic and diluted 

Denominator: 

Weighted average common units outstanding - basic 

Adjustment for phantom units and performance awards (a) 

Weighted average common units outstanding - diluted 

Net income per common unit - basic and diluted 

Distributions paid per common unit 

Distributions declared (with respect to each respective period) per common unit 

(a) potentially dilutive units related to the preferred membership interests were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per unit because including them would have been antidilutive. For 2020, potentially dilutive units were excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per common unit because including them would have been antidilutive. 

Distributions 

March 31, 2022 

June 30, 2022 

September 30, 2022 

December 31, 2022 

The amount of any distribution is subject to the discretion of the Board, which may modify or revoke our cash distribution policy at any time. Our Partnership Agreement does not require us to pay any distributions. As such, there can be no assurance we will continue to pay distributions in the future. Equity Restructuring On January 15, 2020, the Partnership entered into an Equity Restructuring Agreement (the Equity Restructuring Agreement with the General Partner and Dunne Manning CAP Holdings II LLC DM CAP Holdings ), a wholly owned subsidiary of DMP. Pursuant to the Equity Restructuring Agreement, all of the outstanding IDRs of the Partnership, all of which were held by DM CAP Holdings, were cancelled and converted into newly-issued common units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership based on a value of million and calculated using the volume weighted average trading price of per common unit for the 20-day period ended on January 8, 2020, business days prior to the execution of the Equity Restructuring Agreement (the -day VWAP ). This transaction closed on , after the record date for the distribution payable on the Partnership s common units with respect to the fourth quarter of 2019. The terms of the Equity Restructuring Agreement were approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board. 

 segments: 1) the wholesale segment and 2) the retail segment. The wholesale segment includes the wholesale distribution of motor fuel to lessee dealers and independent dealers. We have exclusive motor fuel distribution contracts with lessee dealers who lease the property from us. We also have exclusive distribution contracts with independent dealers to distribute motor fuel but do not collect rent from the independent dealers. Similar to lessee dealers, we had motor fuel distribution and lease agreements with DMS (through the April 2020 closing of the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets). The retail segment includes the retail sale of motor fuel at retail sites operated by commission agents and the sale of convenience merchandise items and the retail sale of motor fuel at company operated sites. A commission agent site is a retail site where we retain title to the motor fuel inventory and sell it directly to our end user customers. At commission agent retail sites, we manage motor fuel inventory pricing and retain the gross profit on motor fuel sales, less a commission to the agent who operates the retail site. Similar to our wholesale segment, we also generate revenues through leasing or subleasing real estate in our retail segment. Unallocated items consist primarily of general and administrative expenses, depreciation, amortization and accretion expense, gains on dispositions and lease terminations, net, other income, interest expense and income tax expense. Total assets by segment are not presented as management does not currently assess performance or allocate resources based on that data. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we changed our segment reporting to our chief operating decision maker to simplify the assessment of performance of our segments. Prior to the fourth quarter, the wholesale segment included the wholesale fuel gross profit on intersegment sales by our wholesale segment to our retail segment. Likewise, the wholesale segment included an allocation of operating expenses related to the operation of our sites consistent with the allocation of the overall fuel gross profit. Starting in the fourth quarter of 2022, the wholesale segment includes only the fuel gross profit on sales to lessee dealers and independent dealers and the retail segment includes the entire fuel gross profit on sales at our company operated and commission agent sites. Likewise, operating expenses are allocated to each segment based on estimates of the level of effort expended on our 1) lessee and independent dealer business in our wholesale segment; and 2) company operated and commission site business in our retail segment. This change simplifies the assessment of performance of our segments and eliminates the intersegment sales inherent in our prior segment reporting. We have recast the results of our segments for periods prior to October 1, 2022 to be consistent with our new segment reporting. We also reassigned goodwill to our reporting units based on a relative fair value allocation approach as disclosed in Note 9. 

Revenues from food and merchandise sales 

Rent income 

Other revenue 

Total revenues 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Revenues from fuel sales to external customers 

Revenues from food and merchandise sales 

Rent income 

Other revenue 

Total revenues 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Revenues from fuel sales to external customers 

Revenues from food and merchandise sales 

Rent income 

Other revenue 

Total revenues 

Income from CST Fuel Supply equity interests 

Operating income (loss) 

() 

Receivables for rent and other lease-related charges 

Total accounts receivable 

Performance obligations are satisfied as fuel is delivered to the customer and as merchandise is sold to the consumer. Many of our fuel contracts with our customers include minimum purchase volumes measured on a monthly basis, although such revenue is not material. Receivables from fuel are recognized on a per-gallon rate and are generally collected within 10 days of delivery. The balance of unamortized costs incurred to obtain certain contracts with customers was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization of such costs is recorded against operating revenues and amounted to million, million and million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 

94 

CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

() 

Accounts receivable from related parties 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

Other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Increase (decrease): 

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable to related parties 

() 

Motor fuel taxes payable 

() 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

() 

Other long-term liabilities 

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions 

() 

The above changes in operating assets and liabilities may differ from changes between amounts reflected in the applicable consolidated balance sheets for the respective periods due to acquisitions. 

Cash paid (refunded) for income taxes, net 

() 

Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets 

Net assets acquired in connection with the asset exchange tranches with Circle K 

() 

Net assets acquired in connection with the CST Fuel Supply Exchange with Circle K 

() 

Net assets acquired in connection with the acquisition of retail and wholesale assets 

() 

95 

Loans to subsidiaries 

Investment in subsidiaries 

Other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Total current liabilities 

Accounts payable to subsidiaries 

Long-term debt 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Equity: 

Common units 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements Schedule I CrossAmerica Partners LP (Parent Company Only) Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Thousands of Dollars) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income from subsidiaries 

Costs and expenses 

General and administrative 

Interest expense 

Loss before equity in net income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Equity in net income of subsidiaries 

Net income 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements Schedule I CrossAmerica Partners LP (Parent Company Only) Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Thousands of Dollars) 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Equity in net income of subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

() 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Loans to subsidiaries 

() 

() 

() 

Repayment of loans to subsidiaries 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Borrowings under revolving credit facilities 

Repayments on revolving credit facilities 

() 

() 

() 

Payment of deferred financing costs 

() 

() 

Distributions from subsidiaries 

Distributions paid on distribution equivalent rights 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions paid to holders of the IDRs 

() 

Distributions paid on common units 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

() 

() 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements Note 1. Basis of Presentation The condensed financial statements represent the financial information required by SEC Regulation S-X Rule 5-04 for CrossAmerica Partners LP (the Partnership ), which requires the inclusion of parent company only financial statements if the restricted net assets of consolidated subsidiaries exceed 25 of total consolidated net assets as of the last day of its most recent fiscal year. As of December 31, 2022, the Partnership s restricted net assets of its consolidated subsidiaries were approximately million and exceeded of the Partnership s total consolidated net assets. The accompanying condensed financial statements have been prepared to present the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the Partnership on a stand-alone basis as a holding company. Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using the equity method. The condensed parent company only financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Partnership's consolidated financial statements. Note 2. Long-Term Debt The Partnership has a credit facility. See Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements for information on the CAPL Credit Facility and Note 12 for information on interest rate swap contracts. 

 97 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management has evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of the end of the period covered by this report, and has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 (a) Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

The management report on our internal control over financial reporting appears in Item 8 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (b) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Grant Thornton LLP s report on our internal control over financial reporting appears in Item 8 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Effective as of February 24, 2023, Lehigh Gas GP Holdings LLC, as the sole member of the General Partner, appointed Thomas E. Kelso as a member of the Board. Prior to being appointed a board member, Mr. Kelso co-founded and operated Ocean Petroleum Co., Inc., a petroleum distributorship and then joined Matrix Capital Markets Group, Inc. in 1997 and created the firm s Downstream Energy and Convenience Retail Investment Banking Group. He served as Group Head until he became President of the firm in 2017. In addition, Mr. Kelso served as Head of Matrix s Corporate Recovery and Special Situations Groups. Prior to that, Mr. Kelso managed scores of petroleum distribution and convenience store transactions and has been a frequent speaker at various industry trade group meetings discussing topics related to capital formation and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Kelso retired from Matrix at the end of 2022. He continues to hold Series 79, 63, 24 and 99 FINRA securities licenses. He currently serves as Chairman of the Maryland Stadium Authority and as Chairman of the Kelso Bishop Family Foundation. He also serves as Chairman of An America United, Inc. and Change Maryland, Inc. Previously, Mr. Kelso was Chairman of the 2018 Hogan Rutherford Re-election Campaign, Chairman of both of Governor Hogan s inaugural committees (2014 2018), Vice Chairman of the Foundation for the Preservation of Government House Maryland, Chairman of the Maryland Public Policy Institute and Director and Chairman of the John Carroll School. Mr. Kelso attended the University of Baltimore and The Johns Hopkins University where he majored in accounting. While enrolled in John Hopkins, he served as Business Manager of the Evening College and Summer Session. 
 The Board has named Mr. Kelso as a member of the audit and conflicts committees of the Board. 
 
 There is no arrangement or understanding between Mr. Kelso and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Kelso was elected as a director. There is one transaction involving Mr. Kelso that would require disclosure pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S K, which is described in Item 13 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Mr. Kelso will participate in the Partnership s standard compensation program for non-employee directors, which is described in Item 11 of this Form 10-K. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 98 

PART III 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Management of CrossAmerica Partners LP 
 Our General Partner manages our operations and activities on our behalf. DMP indirectly owns all of the membership interests in our General Partner. The Topper Group has sole and exclusive authority over our General Partner. All of our executive officers are employed by an affiliate of the Topper Group. 
 Our General Partner has a Board that oversees our management, operations and activities. Our unitholders are not entitled to elect the directors of the Board or participate in our management or operations. The Topper Group, as the indirect owner of our General Partner, has the right to appoint and remove all members of the Board. Our General Partner owes a fiduciary duty to our unitholders. However, our Partnership Agreement contains provisions that limit the fiduciary duties that our General Partner owes to our unitholders. Our General Partner is liable, as general partner, for all of our debts (to the extent not paid from our assets), except for indebtedness or other obligations that are made specifically nonrecourse to it. Whenever possible, our General Partner intends to incur indebtedness or other obligations that are nonrecourse. Except as described in our Partnership Agreement and subject to its fiduciary duty to act in good faith, our General Partner has exclusive management power over our business and affairs. 
 Our General Partner does not have any employees. All of the personnel who conduct our business are employed by an affiliate of the Topper Group, and their services are provided to us pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement. 
 Directors and Executive Officers 
 The Partnership does not directly employ any of the persons responsible for managing or operating the Partnership. We are managed and operated by the Board and the executive officers appointed by our General Partner who are employees of an affiliate of the Topper Group. The following table shows information for the directors of our General Partner and our executive officers appointed by our General Partner. 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the General Partner 

Current Directors and Executive Officers 
 
 Age (1) 

Position with our General Partner 

Joseph V. Topper, Jr. 

67 

Chairman of the Board 

John B. Reilly, III 

61 

Vice Chairman of the Board 

Justin A. Gannon 

73 

Director 

Thomas E. Kelso (2) 

70 

Director 

Mickey Kim 

64 

Director 

Keenan D. Lynch 

34 

Director, General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

49 

Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 

Maura Topper 

36 

Director, Chief Financial Officer 

Kenneth G. Valosky 

62 

Director 

David F. Hrinak 

66 

Executive Vice President 

(1) As of December 31, 2022. 

(2) Mr. Kelso was appointed Director effective February 24, 2023. 

Our General Partner s directors hold office until the earlier of their death, resignation, removal, or disqualification or until their successors have been elected and qualified. Our executive officers serve at the discretion of the Board. In selecting and appointing directors to the Board, DMP, as the indirect owner of the sole member of our General Partner, does not apply a formal diversity policy or set of guidelines. However, when appointing new directors, the Topper Group as the owner of the sole member of our General Partner, will consider each individual director s qualifications, skills, business experience and capacity to serve as a director, as described below for each director, and the diversity of these attributes for the Board as a whole. 
 
 99 

Joseph V. Topper, Jr. has served as a director on the Board since October 2012 and was elected Chairman of the Board effective November 19, 2019. Mr. Topper is the President of Dunne Manning Holdings LLC Dunne Manning ), a diversified portfolio of companies operating in the real estate and investing industries, affiliated with the Topper Group. Mr. Topper served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner from October 2012 to March 2015. Mr. Topper resigned as President effective March 2015 and his term as Chief Executive Officer ended in September 2015. Mr. Topper also served as Chairman of the Board from October 28, 2012 through September 30, 2014. Mr. Topper has over 30 years of management experience in the wholesale and retail fuel distribution business. In 1987, Mr. Topper purchased his family s retail fuel business and five years later founded Dunne Manning Inc. (formerly known as Lehigh Gas Corporation), where he has served as the Chief Executive Officer since 1992. He served on the board of directors of CST Brands Inc. from October 2014 until December 2016. He is the past President/Chairman of the board of directors for Villanova University, Lehigh Valley PBS and the Lehigh Valley PBS Foundation. He also served as a board member for the Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Hospital in Allentown. Mr. Topper holds a Masters degree of Business Administration from Lehigh University and a bachelor s degree in Accounting from Villanova University. Mr. Topper also previously held the designation of a Certified Public Accountant. 
 John B. Reilly, III has served as a director on the Board since May 2012 and was elected Vice Chairman of the Board effective November 19, 2019. He was a member of the Partnership s audit and conflicts committee from October 2014 through November 2019. Mr. Reilly has served as the President of City Center Investment Corp since May 2011. Prior to then, he was President of Landmark Communities and Managing Partner of Traditions of America since 1998. Mr. Reilly has thirty years of experience in commercial and residential real estate development and planning, finance management and law. Mr. Reilly serves as a trustee of Lafayette College and also served as the chairman of the board of trustees for the Lehigh Valley Health Network. He holds a Juris Doctor degree from Fordham University Law School and a bachelor s degree in economics from Lafayette College. He is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of the Pennsylvania Bar Association. 
 Justin A. Gannon has served as a director on the Board and Chairman of its audit committee and member of its conflicts committee since October 2014. Mr. Gannon has acted as an independent consultant and private investor since September 2013. From February 2003 through August 2013, he served in various roles at Grant Thornton LLP, including as National Leader of Merger and Acquisition Development from June 2011 through August 2013, Central Region Managing Partner from January 2010 through June 2011, Office Managing Partner in Houston, Texas from August 2007 through June 2011 and Office Managing Partner in Kansas City, Missouri from August 2005 to July 2007. From 1971 through 2002, Mr. Gannon worked at Arthur Andersen LLP, the last 21 years as an audit partner. From December 2014 until October 2020, Mr. Gannon served on the board of directors of California Resources Corporation (NYSE: CRC) and as chair of the audit committee and member of the compensation committee. Mr. Gannon also served on the board of directors of Vantage Energy Acquisition Corp. (NASDAQ: VEACU) and as chairman of the audit committee and a member of the compensation committee from April 2017 until its dissolution in April 2019. He is a former chairman of the board of directors of American Red Cross Chapters in the Tulsa, Oklahoma and San Antonio, Texas areas. Mr. Gannon received a bachelor s degree in Accounting from Loyola Marymount University and is a Certified Public Accountant licensed in California (inactive) and Texas. 
 Thomas E. Kelso has served as a director on the Board and a member of the audit and conflicts committee since February 24, 2023. He co-founded and operated Ocean Petroleum Co., Inc., a petroleum distributorship and then joined Matrix Capital Markets Group, Inc. in 1997 and created the firm s Downstream Energy and Convenience Retail Investment Banking Group. He served as Group Head until he became President of the firm in 2017. In addition, Mr. Kelso served as Head of Matrix s Corporate Recovery and Special Situations Groups. Prior to that, Mr. Kelso managed scores of petroleum distribution and convenience store transactions and has been a frequent speaker at various industry trade group meetings discussing topics related to capital formation and mergers and acquisitions. Mr. Kelso retired from Matrix at the end of 2022. He continues to hold Series 79, 63, 24 and 99 FINRA securities licenses. He currently serves as Chairman of the Maryland Stadium Authority and as Chairman of the Kelso Bishop Family Foundation. He also serves as Chairman of An America United, Inc. and Change Maryland, Inc. Previously, Mr. Kelso was Chairman of the 2018 Hogan Rutherford Re-election Campaign, Chairman of both of Governor Hogan s inaugural committees (2014 2018), Vice Chairman of the Foundation for the Preservation of Government House Maryland, Chairman of the Maryland Public Policy Institute and Director and Chairman of the John Carroll School. Mr. Kelso attended the University of Baltimore and The Johns Hopkins University where he majored in accounting. While enrolled in John Hopkins, he served as Business Manager of the Evening College and Summer Session. 
 100 

Mickey Kim has served as a director on the Board and Chairman of its conflicts committee and member of its audit committee since June 2017. Mr. Kim is a Member, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Compliance Officer of Kirr, Marbach Company, LLC KM ), a registered investment adviser. Mr. Kim joined KM in 1986 and has been KM s Chief Operating Officer since 1996 and Chief Compliance Officer since 2004. Mr. Kim has also served as Vice President, Treasurer and Secretary of Kirr, Marbach Partners Funds, Inc., a registered investment company, since 1998. Prior to his position with KM, Mr. Kim was a Senior Research Analyst at Driehaus Capital Management, a Chicago investment management firm, from 1982 to 1985. Mr. Kim has been a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) charter holder since 1985 and passed the Certified Public Accountant examination in 1980. He holds a bachelor s degree in Accounting from the University of Illinois (1980) and a Masters degree in Business Administration from the University of Chicago (1982). 
 Keenan D. Lynch has served as a director on the Board since November 19, 2019. Mr. Lynch was appointed Chief Administrative Officer of the General Partner effective January 20, 2022 and has served as its General Counsel since February 24, 2020. Mr. Lynch served as Corporate Secretary of the General Partner from November 19, 2019 through January 19, 2022. Since 2017, he has served as Vice President and General Counsel of Dunne Manning. Before joining Dunne Manning, from 2015 to 2017, he was an associate at Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher Flom LLP. He holds a Bachelor of Arts from Villanova University, a Juris Doctor from the University of Pennsylvania Law School and an L.L.M. in Taxation from the Villanova University Charles Widger School of Law. 
 Charles M. Nifong, Jr. has served as a director on the Board and President and Chief Executive Officer of the General Partner, since November 19, 2019. Prior to assuming his current position, Mr. Nifong was the President of Dunne Manning Stores, LLC, a convenience store operator and wholesale fuel provider. Mr. Nifong served as the Chief Investment Officer and Vice President of Finance for the Partnership from 2013 through 2015. Before joining the Partnership, Mr. Nifong worked for more than nine years in investment banking as a Director at Bank of America Merrill Lynch where he worked on an extensive range of capital markets and mergers and acquisitions advisory assignments. Prior to his career in investment banking, Mr. Nifong served as a Captain in the United States Army in armor and reconnaissance units. Mr. Nifong holds a Bachelor of Chemical Engineering with Highest Honor from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Master of Business Administration from the University of Virginia. 
 Maura Topper has served as a director on the Board since November 19, 2019 and was appointed Chief Financial Officer effective August 11, 2021. Since 2014, she has served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dunne Manning. Prior to joining Dunne Manning in 2014, Ms. Topper graduated from the Masters of Business Administration program at Columbia Business School. Prior to that, she served as a Marketing Account Executive at MSG Promotions, Inc. and a senior accountant in the audit practice of Deloitte Touche LLP in New York. Ms. Topper graduated from Villanova University in 2008 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting and a Bachelor of Science in Business (Finance). From 2012 to 2014, she served as a director on the Board. 
 Kenneth G. Valosky has served as a director on the Board and a member of its audit committee and conflicts committee since November 19, 2019. He is the retired Executive Vice President of Villanova University. He joined Villanova University in 2000 as the Chief Financial Officer and has served as its Vice President for Finance, Acting Senior Vice President for Administration and Vice President for Administration and Finance and Executive Vice President from 2014 to 2021. He previously held several senior financial positions at Thomas Jefferson University prior to joining Villanova University in 2000. These positions included Director of Internal Audit and Controller. He began his career as a public accountant with Touche Ross Co. (a predecessor to Deloitte). Mr. Valosky also served as a trustee and chair of the Stewardship Committee of the Mercy Health System of Southeastern Pennsylvania, trustee and chair of the Finance Committee of Merion Mercy Academy and as a member of the Auditing and Accounting Committee of the Archdiocese of Philadelphia. He received a B.S. in Accountancy, cum laude from Villanova University and an M.S. in Organizational Dynamics from the University of Pennsylvania. He is a Certified Public Accountant, inactive status in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
 David F. Hrinak was appointed Executive Vice President of the General Partner effective January 20, 2022. Prior to that he served as Executive Vice President of Wholesale from February 24, 2020, through January 20, 2022 and Vice President of Operations from November 19, 2019 through February 23, 2020. Mr. Hrinak previously served as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of the General Partner from 2014 until June 2017 and served as President of the General Partner from May 2012 to October 2014. He previously served as an officer of DMI from 2005 until the founding of the General Partner and was DMI s President from September 2010 until May 2012. Mr. Hrinak has more than 36 years of experience in the wholesale and retail fuel distribution business. Prior to joining DMI, Mr. Hrinak was the Branded Wholesale Manager at ConocoPhillips. 
 101 

Family Relationships 
 Mr. Topper, Chairman of the Board, is the father of Ms. Topper, a director of our General Partner and Chief Financial Officer, and the father-in-law of Mr. Lynch, a director of our General Partner and General Counsel and Chief Administrative officer, and Ms. Topper is the sister-in-law of Mr. Lynch. There are no other family relationships between any of the directors or executive officers of the Partnership. 
 Director Independence 
 Section 303A of the NYSE Listed Company Manual provides that limited partnerships are not required to have a majority of independent directors. The Board has adopted a policy that the Board has at all times at least three independent directors or such higher number as may be necessary to comply with the applicable federal securities law requirements. For the purposes of this policy, independent director has the meaning set forth in Section 10A(m)(3) of the Exchange Act, any applicable stock exchange rules and the rules and regulations promulgated in the Partnership governance guidelines available on its website www.crossamericapartners.com. 
 The Board has determined Messrs. Gannon, Kelso, Kim and Valosky to be independent as defined under the independence standards established by the NYSE and the Exchange Act. These directors, whom we refer to as independent directors, are not officers or employees of our General Partner or its affiliates and have been determined by the Board to be otherwise independent of the Topper Group and its affiliates. 
 Composition of the Board 
 The Board consists of nine members. The Board holds regular and special meetings at any time as may be necessary. Regular meetings may be held without notice on dates set by the Board from time to time. Special meetings of the Board or meetings of any committee of the Board may be held at the request of the Chairman of the Board or a majority of the Board (or a majority of the members of such committee) upon at least two days (if the meeting is to be held in person) or 24 hours (if the meeting is to be held telephonically) prior oral or written notice to the other members of the Board or committee or upon such shorter notice as may be approved by the directors or members of such committee. A quorum for a regular or special meeting will exist when a majority of the members are participating in the meeting either in person or by telephone conference. Any action required or permitted to be taken at a meeting of the Board or at any committee may be taken without a meeting if such action is evidenced in writing and signed by a majority of the members of the Board. 
 Committees of the Board 
 The Board has an audit committee and a conflicts committee. The charter for each of the committees can be found in its entirety on the Partnership s website at www.crossamericapartners.com under the Corporate Governance tab in the Investors section. As a limited partnership, we are not required by NYSE rules to have a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance committee. 
 Audit Committee 
 The members of the Audit Committee are Messrs. Gannon, Kelso, Kim and Valosky. Mr. Gannon serves as chair. The audit committee is comprised entirely of directors who meet the financial literacy standards of the NYSE and the Exchange Act. The rules and regulations established by the NYSE and the Exchange Act also generally require that our audit committee consist entirely of independent directors. The Board has determined that Messrs. Gannon, Kelso, Kim and Valosky meet the independence standards required of audit committee members by the NYSE and the Exchange Act and that they meet the financial literacy standards of directors who serve on the audit committee, and Mr. Gannon is an audit committee financial expert as defined by SEC rules. The audit committee assists the Board in its oversight of the integrity of our financial statements and our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, Partnership policies and controls, the independent auditor s qualifications and independence, the performance of the Partnership s internal audit function and risk assessment and risk management. The audit committee has sole authority with respect to the appointment, retention, compensation, evaluation, oversight of the work and termination of our independent auditors and has the authority to obtain advice and assistance from outside legal, accounting or other advisors as the audit committee deems necessary to carry out its duties and receives appropriate funding, as determined by the audit committee, from the Partnership for such advice and assistance. 
 102 

Conflicts Committee 
 The members of the Conflicts Committee are Messrs. Gannon, Kelso, Kim and Valosky. Mr. Kim serves as chair. Pursuant to our Partnership Agreement, the members of the conflicts committee may not be officers or employees of our General Partner or directors, officers or employees of its affiliates, must not be holders of any ownership interest in the General Partner or any of its affiliates, other than Partnership units, that is determined by the Board of Directors, after reasonable inquiry, to be likely to have an adverse impact on the ability of such director to fulfill his or her obligations as a member of the conflicts committee, and must meet the independence standards established by the NYSE and the Exchange Act to serve on a conflicts committee of a board of directors. The Board has determined that Messrs. Gannon, Kelso, Kim and Valosky qualify to serve on the conflicts committee. The conflicts committee is responsible for reviewing specific matters that the Board believes may involve conflicts of interest between the General Partner and its affiliates and the Partnership. The conflicts committee determines if the resolution of such conflict is fair and reasonable to the Partnership. 
 Meeting of Independent Directors and Communications with Directors 
 The independent members of the audit committee have met in executive sessions without members of management. The chairman presides over each executive session of the independent directors. Any independent director may request that additional executive sessions of the independent directors be held, and the presiding independent director for the previous session will determine whether to call any such meeting. 
 Unitholders or interested parties may communicate directly with the Board, any committee of the Board, any independent director, or any one director, by sending written correspondence by mail addressed to the Board, committee or director to the attention of our Corporate Secretary at the following address: c/o Corporate Secretary, CrossAmerica Partners LP, 645 Hamilton Street, Suite 400, Allentown, PA 18101. Communications are distributed to the Board, committee of the Board, or director, as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. Commercial solicitations or communications will not be forwarded. 
 Meetings of Unitholders 
 Our Partnership Agreement provides that the General Partner manages and operates us and that, unlike holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders only have limited voting rights on matters affecting our business or governance as set forth in our Partnership Agreement. Accordingly, we do not hold annual meetings of unitholders. 
 Code of Ethics and Business Conduct 
 The Board has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that applies to directors of the General Partner and our executive officers. Our General Partner also expects all employees of the Topper Group providing services to or for the benefit of the Partnership and its operating subsidiaries to adhere to the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct can be found on CrossAmerica Partners website at www.crossamericapartners.com under the Corporate Governance tab in the Investors section. Any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct for our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or persons performing similar functions will be promptly disclosed under the Corporate Governance tab at www.crossmericapartners.com . The Board has also adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines that outline important policies and practices regarding our governance, which can also be found in its entirety on CrossAmerica Partners website at www.crossamericapartners.com under the Corporate Governance tab in the Investors section. Requests for print copies of the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct and/or the Corporate Governance Guidelines may be directed to Investor Relations at info@crossamericapartners.com or to Investor Relations, CrossAmerica Partners LP, 645 Hamilton Street, Suite 400, Allentown, PA 18101 or made by telephone at (610) 625-8005. The information contained on, or connected to, our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K and should not be considered part of this or any other report that we file with or furnish to the SEC. 
 103 

Reimbursement of Expenses of Our General Partner 
 Except as otherwise set forth in our Omnibus Agreement, our Partnership Agreement requires us to reimburse our General Partner for all direct and indirect expenses it incurs or payments it makes on our behalf and all other expenses reasonably allocable to us or otherwise incurred by our General Partner in connection with operating our business. The Partnership Agreement does not limit the amount of expenses for which our General Partner and its affiliates may be reimbursed. These expenses include (without limitation) salary, bonus, incentive compensation and other amounts paid to persons who perform services for us or on our behalf and expenses allocated to our General Partner by its affiliates. Our General Partner is entitled to determine in good faith the expenses that are allocable to us. Please read Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence Omnibus Agreement . 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 COMPENSATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS 
 Overview 
 We do not directly employ or compensate any of our executive officers, including our named executive officers who were serving as our executive officers at the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 NEOs ), or other employees who provide services necessary for managing our business. Under our Partnership Agreement, the General Partner manages our operations and activities on our behalf. Our General Partner also does not directly employ any of its executive officers or other employees. For our fiscal year ending December 31, 2022, our executive officers, including our NEOs, as more fully described below, were employed and compensated by an affiliate of the Topper Group. 
 For 2022, the provision of management services by, and payment to, the Topper Group was governed by the Omnibus Agreement. 
 Named Executive Officers 
 For 2022, our NEOs were: 
 Charles M. Nifong, Jr. Mr. Nifong has served as our Chief Executive Officer and President since November 19, 2019. 

Maura Topper Ms. Topper has served as our Chief Financial Officer since August 11, 2021, during which 90 of Ms. Topper s time was allocated to the Partnership. 

David F. Hrinak Mr. Hrinak has served as our Executive Vice President of Wholesale from February 14, 2020 through January 19, 2022 and our Executive Vice President since January 20, 2022. During 2022, 95 of Mr. Hrinak s time was allocated to the Partnership. 

Keenan D. Lynch Mr. Lynch has served as our General Counsel since February 24, 2020 and Chief Administrative Officer since January 20, 2022. He previously served as Corporate Secretary from November 19, 2019 through January 19, 2022. During 2022, 85 of Mr. Lynch s time was allocated to the Partnership. 

Matthew Evan Naylor Mr. Naylor served as our Senior Vice President Retail from November 30, 2021 to November 18, 2022 and his employment ended on November 19, 2022. 

The Partnership does not determine the compensation for its NEOs. For 2022, the compensation philosophy and practices of the Topper Group were used to determine the compensation of the NEOs and all compensation decisions were in the sole discretion of the Topper Group. The compensation philosophy and practices of the Topper Group were used to determine the total compensation of the NEOs and all compensation decisions were in the sole discretion of the Topper Group. 
 The compensation philosophies and practices of the Topper Group during 2022 are described below in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis, and the compensation actually awarded by the Topper Group to the NEOs for their services to the Partnership during 2022 is set out in the accompanying Summary Compensation Table and related compensation tables that follow this Compensation Discussion and Analysis. 
 104 

Compensation 
 Objectives and Philosophy 
 The compensation philosophy of the Topper Group is based on performance and the achievement of predetermined objectives, and it is a reflection of the entrepreneurial culture of the Topper Group, which is a culture where the financial interests of its executives are aligned with the performance of the company and the investors they represent. The compensation strategy includes variable components linked to short term, medium term and long-term performance. The Topper Group compensation plans and programs for executives are designed to: (i) recruit, develop and retain talented executives; (ii) reward exceptional performance as measured by predetermined and quantifiable objectives; (iii) establish a direct relation between the interests of the executives and those of the shareholders of the Topper Group and the unitholders of the Partnership by favoring the creation of value in the short, medium and long term; (iv) encourage teamwork and promote company values; and (v) support the company s business strategy. The Topper Group s compensation plans and programs are established based on internal principles of equity that take into consideration the role, nature and level of each of the executives as well as external principles of equity such as fair, equitable and competitive compensation terms in comparison to peers as well as those of the market in general. 
 Elements of Executive Compensation 
 The three main components of the remuneration of the Topper Group s executive compensation program are base salary, annual incentive plan and long-term incentive plan, as shown in the table below. 

Element 
 Description 
 Objectives 

Base salary 
 Annual base salary is based on the functional responsibilities and competences of the executives 
 Attract, retain and motivate executives 

2022 Performance Based Bonus Compensation Policy 
 Performance based bonus compensation policy ranging from 40 to 100 of base salary, which payment is determined by financial and operational objectives 
 Motivate executives to achieve objectives with a higher degree of difficulty and thereby achieve or exceed the business plan of the Partnership Create accountability among executives for the achievement of these financial objectives Align the short-term interests of executives with those of the Partnership and its unitholders 

Long-term incentive compensation 
 P hantom stock unit plan with grants varying according to position held Performance payouts also vary depending on the achievement of special measurable objectives that are key to the financial success of the company 
 Align long-term interests of executives with those of the Partnership and its unitholders 

Base Salary 
 
 The human resources department of the Topper Group approved the following annualized base salaries for the 2022 fiscal year: 

Name 
 
 2022 Annual Base Salary ) (1) 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

500,000 

Maura Topper 

300,000 

David F. Hrinak 

233,000 

Keenan D. Lynch 

269,440 

Matthew Evan Naylor 

325,000 

105 

(1) The amount shown represents annualized base salary, not the portion allocated to the Partnership. 

The Summary Compensation Table reflects the portion of the annualized base salary allocated to the Partnership. In addition, for Mr. Hrinak in lieu of increasing his annual base salary he received a 10,500 spot bonus on August 26, 2022. 
 Short-Term Incentive Compensation 
 Performance-Based Bonus Compensation Policy 
 The 2022 Performance-Based Bonus Compensation Policy (the 2022 Bonus Plan is one of the key components of the at-risk compensation. The 2022 Bonus Plan is utilized to reward short-term performance achievements and to motivate and reward executives for their contributions toward meeting financial and strategic goals. 
 For the NEOs, the Topper Group determined to include, as part of their compensation, the 2022 Bonus Plan for the fiscal year ending on December 31, 2022. As approved by the Board on February 24, 2022, the 2022 Bonus Plan included financial and operational objectives, each with a specified percentage weighting, based on the achievement of (i) Adjusted EBITDA (40 ); (ii) acquisition integration (30 ); wholesale contract conversion (10 ); wholesale volume conversion (10 ); and non-core real estate asset divestiture (10 ). As set forth in the 2022 Bonus Plan, the EBITDA target bonus will be paid on a sliding scale. All other metrics will be paid only upon achievement of the target. The weight of the metrics is 100 and the payout range is 0-110 . 
 Under the 2022 Bonus Plan, Mr. Nifong could achieve earnings of 100 of base salary. Ms. Topper could achieve earnings of 50 of her base salary. Mr. Hrinak could achieve earnings of 75 of his base salary. Mr. Lynch could achieve earnings of 50 of his base salary. Mr. Naylor could have achieved earnings of 40 of his base salary. 
 The purpose of the 2022 Bonus Plan is to motivate executives to achieve objectives with a higher degree of difficulty and thereby achieve or exceed the business plan of the Partnership. 
 Under the 2022 Bonus Plan, the attainment of performance metrics and the achievement factor are determined once the measurement period ends on December 31, 2022. 
 Based on the metrics, weightings assigned, and results achieved, the payout under the 2022 Bonus Plan for executive officers ranges from 75 to 89 of the target bonus amount. For non-senior management personnel, the bonus plan included departmental goals for each department that were weighted to arrive at a target bonus amount. Overall, the plan paid at a level of approximately 80 of target bonus, with certain personnel at either higher or lower amounts based on their individual and department level performance. 

Name 
 
 2022 Annual Base Salary (1) 

Target Bonus Plan as a of Base Salary 

Bonus Plan Target at 100 

2022 Short Term Incentive Payment Approved (2)(3) 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

500,000 

100 

500,000 

375,000 

Maura Topper 

300,000 

50 

150,000 

132,000 

David F. Hrinak 

233,000 

75 

174,750 

155,337 

Keenan D. Lynch 

269,440 

50 

134,720 

115,000 

Matthew Evan Naylor 

325,000 

40 

130,000 

(1) The amounts shown represent annualized base salary, not the portion allocated to the Partnership. 

(2) The amounts shown will be paid in 2023. 

(3) For Messrs. Nifong, Hrinak, and Lynch and Ms. Topper, the amounts will be paid as follows: the first 25,000 in cash and the remainder of the bonus will be paid 50 in cash and 50 in fully vested common units. The number of common units will be determined on a 20-day volume weighted average price through February 23, 2023 with a payment date on or before March 10, 2023. Mr. Naylor s employment ended effective November 18, 2022, and is therefore not eligible to receive a bonus. 

106 

Long-Term Incentive Compensation 
 Grants of Equity Awards 
 Under the CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan, in 2022, an aggregate of 27,354 equity awards were granted to Messrs. Nifong, Lynch and Naylor, and Ms. Topper in the form of Time-Based Phantom Units TBUAs with associated Distribution Equivalent Rights DERs ). Mr. Naylor s TBUAs were forfeited upon his employment ending on November 18, 2022. Of the total number of TBUAs granted, 50 will vest one-third on each December 31 over three years until December 31, 2025 if the executive remains employed over the vesting term, and 50 will vest upon death, disability or retirement, as long as such retirement is not adverse to the interests of the Partnership, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 
 In addition, Performance Based Awards PBUAs were granted to Messrs. Nifong, Lynch and Naylor, and Ms. Topper with a target dollar value of 375,000, 101,040, 81,250 and 135,000, respectively, and will be calculated in dollar amounts and then converted into common units, or cash, or both, at the discretion of the Board, based on attainment of the Performance Goals as described below. Mr. Naylor s TBUAs were forfeited upon his employment ending on November 18, 2022. The PBUAs vest on December 31, 2025. The PBUAs are weighted 65 for Increase of Funds Flow from Operations per Unit and 35 for Partnership Leverage, with performance measured for the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025 Measurement Period and the reference period ending on December 31, 2022. 
 Increase in Funds Flow from Operations per Unit 
 The target value with respect to Increase in Funds Flow from Operations per Unit is determined as follows. First, the average Funds Flow from Operations per Unit will be calculated for the Measurement Period. Next, that number will be divided by the Funds Flow from Operations per Unit for the twelve-month period ending on December 31, 2022 as the reference period. The payout percentage for Increase in Funds Flow from Operations per Unit will range from 0-200 of 65 of the Initial Dollar Target Amount. 
 Funds Flow from Operations per Unit is defined as distributable cash flow per Unit, excluding maintenance capital expenditures or any other such capital expenditures typically included in calculating distributable cash flow. 
 Partnership Leverage 
 The target value associated with Partnership Leverage is determined as follows. First, Partnership Leverage will be calculated for each of the respective twelve-month periods ending on December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. Next, Average Partnership Leverage will be calculated as the sum of three times the Leverage for the year ending December 31, 2025, plus two times the Leverage for the year ending December 31, 2024, plus the Leverage for the year ending December 31, 2023, divided by six (i.e., Average Partnership Leverage will be a weighted average with greater emphasis given to the latter years in the Measurement Period). The payout percentage for Partnership Leverage will range from 0-200 of 35 of the Initial Dollar Target Amount. 
 Partnership Leverage is defined as the ratio of the Partnership s total debt as of a specified date (as determined in accordance with the Partnership s GAAP financial statements) divided by EBITDA for the twelve-month period prior to such specified date. In case of acquisitions, EBITDA will be calculated on a pro forma basis for such acquisitions, providing that the debt incurred for such acquisitions is reflected in the total debt amount. 
 Distributable cash flow per Unit and EBITDA are calculated consistent with the Partnership s financial information filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 
 Other Benefits 
 All NEOs were eligible after completing one year of service to participate in the Dunne Manning 401(k) plan, a qualified safe harbor plan with 100 match of employee contributions up to 4 of the executive s base salary. All NEOs were eligible to receive voluntary benefit programs, including medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance. 
 107 

Other Compensation Policies and Practices 
 Restrictions on Hedging, Pledging and Other Transactions 
 Our Insider Trading Policy prohibits Covered Persons from (a) speculative transactions such as short sales, puts, calls or other similar derivative transactions, hedging or monetization transactions with respect to Partnership securities; (b) holding securities of the Partnership in a margin account; and (c) pledging Partnership securities as collateral for loans. For purposes of the Insider Trading Policy, Covered Persons are directors of the Partnership and our General Partner, executive officers of the Partnership or DMI or their affiliates, including our General Partner and those employees who have, or have access to, certain financial information regarding the Partnership and are designated as Covered Persons (and in each case their family members and controlled entities within the meaning of the Insider Trading Policy). Transactions that are otherwise prohibited by our Insider Trading Policy may be approved by the General Counsel of the General Partner, as the compliance officer of our Insider Trading Policy. Compliance with these policies is monitored by the Board. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is available in its entirety on the CrossAmerica Partners website at www.crossamericapartners.com under the Corporate Governance tab in the Investors section. 
 Clawback Policy 
 We have adopted a clawback policy that applies to any bonuses and other incentive and equity compensation awarded to our executive officers. This policy provides that, in the event of a material restatement of the Partnership s financial results due to material noncompliance with certain financial reporting requirements, the Board, or the appropriate committee of the Board, will review all such incentive compensation and, if such incentive compensation would have been lower had it been calculated based on the restated results, the Board, or the appropriate committee of the Board, will (to the extent permitted by law and as appropriate under the circumstances) use reasonable efforts to seek to recover for the benefit of the Partnership all or a portion of such incentive compensation, subject to a three-year look-back period. 
 Impact of Regulatory Requirements 
 Internal Revenue Code We believe we are a limited partnership and not a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes. It is not entirely clear whether the compensation paid to the NEOs is subject to the deduction limitations under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code. If we are required to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, however, the limitations of Section 162(m) would apply. In any event, compensation decisions in respect of the NEOs will be made in a manner designed to best incentivize appropriate performance. 
 Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation We account for stock-based compensation in accordance with the requirements of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation for all of our stock-based compensation plans. See Note 19 to the financial statements for a discussion of all assumptions made in the calculation of stock awards to our NEOs. 
 Compensation Committee Report 
 The members of the Board have reviewed and discussed the Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K with management and, based on such review and discussions and such other matters the Board deemed relevant and appropriate, the Board has approved the inclusion of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Members of the Board: 

Joseph V. Topper, Jr. 

John B. Reilly, III 

Justin A. Gannon 

Thomas E. Kelso 

Mickey Kim 

Keenan D. Lynch 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

Maura Topper 

Kenneth G. Valosky 

108 

As a publicly traded limited partnership, we are not required to and do not have a compensation committee. Accordingly, the Compensation Committee Report required by Item 407(e)(5) of Regulation S-K is given by the Board as specified by Item 407(e)(5)(i) of Regulation S-K. 
 The foregoing compensation committee report is not soliciting material, is not deemed filed with the SEC, and is not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Partnership s filings under the Securities Act, or the Exchange Act, respectively, whether made before or after the date of this annual report on Form 10-K and irrespective of any general incorporation language therein. 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 The following table sets forth certain information with respect to compensation of our NEOs. Except for the management fee we paid to the Topper Group under the Omnibus Agreement, we did not pay or reimburse any cash compensation amounts to or for our NEOs in 2022. The amounts shown for Messrs. Hrinak and Lynch and Ms. Topper represent only that portion allocable to the Partnership. 

Name and Principal Position 
 
 Year 
 
 Salary ) 

Bonus ) (1) 

Stock Awards ) (2)(3) 

Options Awards ) (6) 

Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) (5) 

All Other Compensation ) (6) 

Total ) (7) 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr., 
 
 2022 

500,000 

250,005 

375,000 

75,485 

1,200,490 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 2021 

500,000 

250,001 

362,500 

54,676 

1,167,177 

2020 

528,846 

186,380 

250,004 

60,000 

12,575 

1,037,805 

Maura Topper, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 2022 

270,000 

81,000 

132,000 

24,055 

507,055 

2021 

103,635 

50,000 

108,504 

42,308 

64,158 

368,605 

David F. Hrinak, 
 
 2022 

221,350 

10,500 

155,337 

1,014 

388,201 

Executive Vice President Wholesale 
 
 2021 

221,350 

75,000 

126,694 

1,010 

424,054 

2020 

255,150 

72,686 

24,570 

1,174 

353,580 

Keenan D. Lynch, General Counsel and 
 
 2022 

229,025 

85,981 

115,000 

36,359 

466,365 

Chief Administrative Officer 
 
 2021 

229,025 

37,048 

85,876 

97,672 

27,055 

476,676 

2020 

223,843 

41,849 

101,036 

12,933 

77 

379,738 

Matthew Evan Naylor (8) 
 
 2022 

297,838 

100,902 

398,740 

Former Senior Vice President Retail 
 
 2021 

23,750 

81,266 

7,867 

89 

112,972 

(1) For Mr. Hrinak the amount represents a spot bonus in the amount of 10,500 received in August 2022. 

(2) The amounts shown represent the grant date fair value of awards for each of the years shown computed in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation-Stock Compensation. See Note 19 to the financial statements for a discussion of all assumptions made in the calculation of this amount. The grant date fair value for the Performance Based Awards was 0 because the performance period commenced on January 1, 2023. The maximum amount payable pursuant to the Performance Based Awards is 750,000 for Mr. Nifong, 270,000 for Ms. Topper, 202,080 for Mr. Lynch and 162,500 for Mr. Naylor. 

(3) See the Grants of Plan-Based Awards table for more information regarding TBUAs and the PBUAs granted in 2022. 

(4) There were no stock options granted to NEOs in 2020, 2021 or 2022. 

(5) The amounts represent the earned portion of the Bonus Policy. 

(6) The amounts listed as All Other Compensation for 2022 are composed of these items: 

109 

All Other Compensation 
 
 Nifong 

Topper 

Hrinak 

Lynch 

Naylor 

Company Match to Defined Contribution Plan 

12,200 

12,004 

11,001 

Cell phone taxable compensation 

900 

93 

855 

814 

Premiums for group-term life insurance 

244 

244 

159 

244 

223 

Distribution Equivalent Rights 

62,141 

11,714 

25,114 

10,572 

Severance (9) 

39,293 

Relocation Package (10) 

50,000 

Total All Other Compensation 

75,485 

24,055 

1,014 

36,359 

100,902 

(7) Represents amounts allocated to the Partnership under the Omnibus Agreement. 

(8) Mr. Naylor s employment ended effective November 18, 2022, and as such, the amounts reflected are prorated for 2022. 

(9) In connection with Mr. Naylor s employment ending, in 2022 he received (i) a one-time lump sum payment of 13,273.10, (ii) recurring payments equivalent to a continuation of his base salary in the amount of 25,000 in the aggregate and (iii) 1,020 for the employer portion of the premium for continued group health insurance coverage, subject to his on-going compliance with his obligations under his Separation Agreement dated November 30, 2022. 

(10) Mr. Naylor s offer of employment dated November 5, 2021, included a relocation package which he received in cash on March 11, 2022. 

110 

Grants of Plan-Based Awards 
 The following table provides information regarding grants of plan-based awards to our NEOs during 2022. All equity awards shown were in the form of TBUAs or PBUAs. For Messrs. Hrinak and Lynch and Ms. Topper, full dollar values are provided and not those allocable to the Partnership as shown in the Summary Compensation Table above. 

Estimated Future Payouts Under Non-Equity Incentive Plan Awards 

Estimated Future Payouts Under Equity Incentive Plan Awards (1) 

All Other Stock Awards: Number of Shares of Stock or Units (2) 

Grant Date Fair Value of Stock and Option Awards (3) 

Name 
 
 Grant Date 
 
 Threshold ) 

Target ) 

Maximum ) 

Threshold ) 

Target ) 

Maximum ) 

(#) 

) 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

CAPL 2022 Bonus Plan 

500,000 

550,000 

CAPL LTI Plan 
 
 10/25/2022 

375,000 

750,000 

13,103 

250,005 

Maura Topper 

CAPL 2022 Bonus Plan 

150,000 

165,000 

CAPL LTI Plan 
 
 10/25/2022 

135,000 

270,000 

4,717 

90,000 

David F. Hrinak 

CAPL 2022 Bonus Plan 

174,750 

192,225 

CAPL LTI Plan 

Keenan D. Lynch 

CAPL 2022 Bonus Plan 

134,720 

148,192 

CAPL LTI Plan 
 
 10/25/2022 

101,040 

202,080 

5,296 

101,048 

Matthew Evan Naylor (4) 

CAPL 2022 Bonus Plan 

130,000 

143,000 

CAPL LTI Plan 
 
 10/25/2022 

81,250 

162,500 

4,258 

81,243 

(1) Represents an award of PBUAs under the long-term incentive plan. The PBUAs are granted and calculated in dollar amounts and then will convert into common units or cash, or both, at the discretion of the Board, based on attainment of the performance goals. Therefore, the columns in this table represent the dollar amounts and not the number of units. The PBUAs vest on December 31, 2025. The PBUAs are weighted 65 for Increase of Funds Flow from Operations per Unit and 35 for Partnership Leverage, with a performance period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2025 and the reference period ending on December 31, 2022. 	 

111 

(2) Represents an award of TBUAs under the long-term incentive plan. Of this award, 50 will vest a third each on December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. The remaining 50 will vest upon death, disability or retirement with board approval. 

(3) The amounts shown represent the grant date fair value of the TBUAs computed in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation-Stock Compensation. See Note 19 to the financial statements for a discussion of all assumptions made in the calculation of this amount. The grant date fair value for the PBUAs was 0 because the performance period commenced on January 1, 2023. 

(4) Mr. Naylor s employment ended effective November 18, 2022, and as such his equity award was forfeited. 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Year End 
 The following table provides information regarding the number of outstanding equity awards held by our NEOs at December 31, 2022. For Messrs. Hrinak and Lynch and Ms. Topper, full dollar values are provided and not those allocable to the Partnership. 

Stock Awards (1) 

Name 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested (#) 

Market Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not Vested ) 

Equity Incentive Plan Awards Number of Unearned Shares, Units, or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (#) 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares, Units or Other Rights That Have Not Vested (5)(6) (7)( 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

CAPL 2022 Award (2) 

13,103 

259,832 

375,000 

CAPL 2021 Award (3) 

10,182 

201,909 

375,000 

CAPL 2020 Award (4) 

11,277 

223,623 

375,000 

Maura Topper 

CAPL 2022 Award (2) 

4,717 

93,538 

135,000 

CAPL 2021 Award (3) 

3,666 

72,697 

135,000 

CAPL 2020 Award (4) 

David F. Hrinak 

CAPL 2022 Award 

CAPL 2021 Award 

CAPL 2020 Award 

Keenan D. Lynch 

CAPL 2022 Award (2) 

5,296 

105,020 

101,040 

CAPL 2021 Award (3) 

4,115 

81,600 

101,040 

CAPL 2020 Award (4) 

4,558 

90,385 

101,040 

Matthew Evan Naylor (8) 

CAPL 2022 Award 

CAPL 2021 Award 

CAPL 2020 Award 

(1) The amounts below include TBUAs and PBUAs. 

(2) Fifty percent of the TBUAs will vest a third each on December 31, 2023, 2024 and 2025. The remaining 50 will vest upon death, disability, or retirement with board approval. The market value is based on the December 30, 2022, closing unit price of our common units. 

(3) Represents the unvested portion of the fifty percent of the TBUAs that will vest a third each on December 31, 2023 and 2024. The first third vested on December 31, 2022. The remaining 50 will vest upon death, disability or retirement with board approval. The market value is based on the December 30, 2022, closing unit price of our common units. 

(4) Represents the unvested portion of fifty percent of the TBUAs that vests the final third on December 31, 2023. The first third vested on December 31, 2021 and the second third on December 31, 2022. The remaining 50 vests upon death, disability or retirement with board approval. The market value is based on the December 30, 2022 closing unit price of our common units. 

(5) Represents the target dollar amount of the PBUAs that will convert into common units or cash, or both, at the discretion of the Board, based on attainment of the Performance Goals. The PBUAs vest on December 31, 2025. The PBUAs are weighted 65 for Increase of Funds Flow from Operations per Unit and 35 for Partnership Leverage, with a performance period from January 1, 2023, to December 31, 2025, and the reference period ending on December 31, 2022. 

112 

(6) Represents the target dollar amount of the PBUAs that will convert into common units or cash, or both, at the discretion of the Board, based on attainment of the Performance Goals. The PBUAs vest on December 31, 2024. The PBUAs are weighted 65 for Increase of Funds Flow from Operations per Unit and 35 for Partnership Leverage, with a performance period from January 1, 2022, to December 31, 2024, and the reference period ending on December 31, 2021. 

(7) Represents the target dollar amount of the PBUAs that will convert into common units or cash, or both, at the discretion of the Board, based on attainment of the Performance Goals. The Performance Based Awards vest on December 31, 2023. The PBUAs are weighted 65 for Increase of Funds Flow from Operations per Unit and 35 for Partnership Leverage, with a performance period from January 1, 2021, to December 31, 2023, and the reference period ending on December 31, 2020. 

(8) Mr. Naylor s employment ended effective November 18, 2022 and as such his equity awards were forfeited. 

Option Exercises and Equity Vested 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding vesting during 2022 of equity awards held by our NEOs in respect of Partnership service. For Messrs. Hrinak and Lynch and Ms. Topper, full dollar values are provided and not those allocable to the Partnership. 

Stock Awards 

Name 
 
 Number of Shares or Units of Stock Acquired on Vesting (#) 

Value Realized on Vesting ) 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

7,972 
 
 (1) 

161,792 

4,856 
 
 (2) 

96,294 

Maura Topper 

1,590 
 
 (1) 

32,261 

733 
 
 (2) 

14,535 

David F. Hrinak 

4,176 
 
 (1) 

84,731 

Keenan D. Lynch 

2,592 
 
 (1) 

52,592 

1,962 
 
 (2) 

38,906 

Matthew Evan Naylor 

(1) Represents the portion of the bonus under the 2021 Performance Based Bonus Compensation Policy paid in fully vested common units in 2022. 

(2) Represents one third each of the TBUA phantom unit awards granted by the Partnership on October 25, 2021, and November 9, 2020, that vested on December 31, 2022 for Messrs. Nifong and Lynch. For Ms. Topper it represents one third of the TBUA phantom unit award granted by the Partnership on October 25, 2021, that vested on December 31, 2022. 

Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control 
 Our executive officers may be entitled to certain payments upon termination of their employment under certain circumstances, in each case, as more fully described below. Any such payments that are to be made in cash will be subject to reimbursement under the Omnibus Agreement. 
 Lehigh Gas Partners LP 2012 Incentive Award Plan 
 Under the Lehigh Gas Partners LP 2012 Incentive Award Plan and the award agreements, in the event an NEO s employment is terminated for any reason, all outstanding TBUAs and PBUAs will be forfeited without payment, except that upon an NEO s death or disability, the TBUAs will vest in full, and the PBUAs will be determined in accordance with its terms, subject to adjustments as the Board may make in its reasonable discretion. Upon a change in control of the Partnership, the Board in its sole discretion may determine the treatment. If, upon death or disability of any of Messrs. Nifong, and Lynch, and Ms. Topper as of December 31,2022, their TBUAs will vest in full in the amounts of 425,532, 171,986 and 72,697, respectively. 
 113 

CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan 
 Under the CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan and the award agreements, in the event an NEO s employment is terminated for any reason, all outstanding TBUAs and PBUAs will be forfeited without payment, except that upon an NEO s death or disability, the TBUAs will vest in full, and the PBUAs will be determined in accordance with its terms, subject to adjustments as the Board may make in its reasonable discretion. Upon a change in control of the Partnership, the Board in its sole discretion may determine the treatment. If, upon death or disability of any of Messrs. Nifong, and Lynch, and Ms. Topper as of December 31,2022, their TBUAs will vest in full in the amounts of 259,832, 105,020 and 93,538, respectively. The PBUAs will be valued at zero as the performance period commences on January 1, 2023. 
 Separation and Release Agreement 
 On November 30, 2022, Mr. Naylor entered into a Separation and Release Agreement in connection with his employment termination on November 18, 2022. Under the Separation and Release Agreement, in exchange for a release of claims, Mr. Naylor received the following severance payments and benefits: (i) continuation of his base salary for a period of fifty (50) weeks, (ii) a bonus equal to 13,273.10 and (iii) health insurance coverage through October 31, 2023 if Mr. Naylor pays his applicable employee portion. Mr. Naylor s receipt of the severance is subject to his continued compliance with his post-employment obligations under the Separation and Release Agreement. 
 Principal Executive Officer Pay Ratio 
 We are providing the following information about the relationship of the annual total compensation of individuals providing services in respect to the Partnership and the annual total compensation of Charles M. Nifong, Jr., our Principal Executive Officer (our PEO ): 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022: 
 
 the median of the annual total compensation of all individuals providing services in respect of the Partnership (other than our PEO) was 77,568; and 

the annual total compensation of our PEO was 1,200,490. 

Based on this information for 2022, we have determined that the ratio of our PEO s annual total compensation to the annual total compensation of our median employee was 15:1. Our pay ratio figure was calculated in a manner consistent with Item 40(u) of Regulation S-K. 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were 180 employees of an affiliate of the Topper Group who provided substantial management services to us for the full year. As discussed in this Form 10-K, our PEO is an employee of an affiliate of the Topper Group, but we are including his annual total compensation in the determination of the PEO pay ratio, as required under SEC rules. 
 The date we used to identify our median employee was December 31, 2022. 
 We identified our median employee based on the aggregate salary actually paid during 2022 to these employees. 
 For purposes of determining aggregate salary, we included the amount of base salary and overtime the employee received during the year and all other pay elements related to base salary including, but not limited to, cash bonuses, holiday pay, vacation pay and other paid time off, if any. Aggregate salary amounts did not include any commissions or other compensation. In making this determination, we excluded any full-time and part-time permanent employees who were hired in 2022 but were not employed by us for the entire year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Once we identified our median employee, we then determined that employee s annual total compensation, including any perquisites and other benefits, in the same manner that we determine the annual total compensation of our NEOs for purposes of the Summary Compensation Table disclosed above. The annual total compensation of our median employee was determined to be 77,568. This annual total compensation amount for our median employee was then compared to the total compensation of our PEO for 2022 of 1,200,490. The elements included in the PEO s annual total compensation are fully discussed above in the footnotes to the Summary Compensation Table. 
 114 

Director Compensation 
 Overview 
 Set out below is a discussion of compensation paid for 2022 to individuals who served as non-employee members of our Board during any portion of 2022. 
 Board members who were employees providing services in respect of the Partnership did not receive any separate compensation for their Board service. 
 Director Compensation for 2022 
 During the July 22, 2022 Board meeting a resolution was approved providing that each non-employee director would be granted cash compensation of 62,500 per year (paid on a quarterly basis) and equity awards with a grant date fair value of 62,500. The chairman of each of the audit committee and conflicts committee received additional cash compensation of 10,000 for 2022 (paid on a quarterly basis). In addition, each non-employee director received 1,000 per each Board meeting attended and 500 per each Committee meeting attended. 
 On July 22, 2022, Messrs. Gannon, Kim, Reilly, Topper and Valosky received an award of 3,041 phantom units with a grant date fair value equal to 62,500 based on the closing price of the Partnership s common units on the close of business the day prior to the date of grant as compensation for their service from June 28, 2022 until June 27, 2023. Such phantom units vest one year from date of award and include the payment made by the Partnership of distribution equivalent rights equal to the amount of distributions authorized to be paid to holders of common units of the Partnership. 
 Our directors are reimbursed for all out-of-pocket expenses in connection with attending meetings of the Board or its committees. To the extent permitted under Delaware law, each director is fully indemnified by us for actions associated with being a director. 
 The following table provides the compensation amounts for each of our non-employee directors for 2022. 

Directors 
 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 

Stock or Unit Awards and Option Awards ) (2) 

All Other Compensation ) (3) 

Total ) 

Justin A. Gannon (4)(5) 

86,500 

62,500 

6,608 

155,608 

Mickey Kim (4)(5) 

86,500 

62,500 

6,608 

155,608 

Kenneth G. Valosky (4) 

76,500 

62,500 

6,608 

145,608 

J.B. Reilly Jr. (4) 

70,500 

62,500 

6,608 

139,608 

Joseph V. Topper, Jr. (4) 

70,500 

62,500 

6,608 

139,608 

(1) Non-employee directors received a cash retainer of 62,500 (paid quarterly) and an additional 10,000 for chairs of the Committees. In addition, each non-employee director received 1,000 per each Board meeting attended and 500 per each Committee meeting attended. 

(2) Under the Lehigh Gas Partners LP 2012 Incentive Award Plan, the directors received phantom units that can be converted to common units or cash, at the discretion of the Board. The amounts shown represent the grant fair value of awards for each of the years shown computed in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation-Stock Compensation. 

(3) Represents distribution equivalent rights on unvested units.	 

(4) As part of the compensation to non-employee directors for the period June 28, 2022 to June 27, 2023, each of Messrs. Gannon, Kim, Reilly, Topper and Valosky received an equity grant of 3,041 phantom units of the Partnership based upon a fair market value of 20.55 per unit, which was the NYSE closing price of our common units on July 21, 2022. These phantom unit awards were accompanied by tandem distribution equivalent rights that entitled the holder to cash payments equal to the amount of unit distributions authorized to be paid to the holders of Partnership common units. There are no other outstanding equity awards. 

(5) Messrs. Kim and Gannon received additional cash compensation of 10,000 per year for their service as chairman of the conflicts committee and audit committee, respectively. 

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 
 None of the directors or executive officers of our General Partner served as members of the compensation committee of another entity that has or had an executive officer who served as a member of our Board during 2022. We do not have a separate 
 115 

compensation committee. Decisions regarding the compensation of our NEOs for 2022 were made, as applicable, by the Topper Group as the owner of our General Partner prior to the GP Purchase. 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS 
 As of February 23, 2023, the following table sets forth the beneficial ownership of our common units of: 
 Each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common units; 

Each NEO and director of the Board; and 

All of the executive officers and directors of the Board, as a group. 

Beneficial Ownership of Common Units 

Number of 

Percent of 

Name of Beneficial Owner 
 
 Units 

Class 

Greater than 5 Stockholders 

Patricia Dunne Topper Trust 

12,655,372 
 
 (1) 

33.4 

Dunne Manning Inc. 

3,782,216 
 
 (2) 

10.0 

DM Partners Management Co LLC 

5,982,871 
 
 (3) 

15.8 

Dunne Manning Partners LLC 

5,982,871 
 
 (3) 

15.8 

2008 Irrevocable Agreement of Trust of John B. Reilly, Jr. 

4,964,611 
 
 (4) 

13.1 

Dunne Manning CAP Holdings I LLC 

4,472,235 
 
 (3) 

11.8 

Directors 

Joseph V. Topper, Jr. 

14,618,178 
 
 (5) 

38.5 

John B. Reilly, III 

4,988,369 
 
 (4) 

13.1 

Justin A. Gannon 

24,819 

Thomas E. Kelso 

Mickey Kim 

21,135 

Keenan D. Lynch 

11,289 
 
 (6) 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

25,535 

Maura Topper 

11,687 
 
 (7) 

Kenneth G. Valosky 

14,095 

Named Executive Officers 

David F. Hrinak 

44,690 

Matthew Evan Naylor 

Directors and executive officers as a group (11 persons) 

19,759,797 

52.1 

The percentage of common units beneficially owned does not exceed one percent of the common units outstanding 
 The address for each of our officers and directors listed below is 645 Hamilton Street, Suite 400 Allentown, PA 18101. The address for the entities listed under greater than 5 stockholders is 645 Hamilton St., Suite 400, Allentown, PA 18101. 

(1) 192,451 common units are held directly by the Patricia Dunne Topper Trust for the Family of Joseph V. Topper, Jr. (the Trust ). The Trust is controlled by Mr. Topper, the Chairman of the Board of the General Partner. The remaining common units listed here are directly owned by each of Dunne Manning Inc., Energy Realty Partners, LLC, Nova8516 LP, Dunne Manning Wholesale LLC, Dunne Manning CAP Holdings I LLC and Dunne Manning CAP Holdings II LLC, all entities controlled by Mr. Topper and the Trust. The inclusion of these common units herein shall not be deemed an admission that the above have a pecuniary interest in all of the common units reported herein. 

(2) All 3,782,216 common units are held directly by Dunne Manning Inc., which is owned 100 by the Trust and Mr. Topper is its sole director. Mr. Topper may be deemed to beneficially own these common units. The inclusion of these common units herein shall not be deemed an admission that the above have a pecuniary interest in all of the common units reported herein. 

(3) DM Partners Management Co LLC DM Management is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Trust, which is controlled by Mr. Topper. DM Management controls Dunne Manning Partners, LLC, the 100 owner of each of Dunne Manning CAP Holdings I LLC CAP Holdings I and Dunne Manning CAP Holdings II LLC CAP Holdings II ). Each of CAP Holdings I and CAP Holdings II directly holds 4,472,235 and 1,510,636 common units, respectively. As a result, each of DM Management and Dunne Manning Partners LLC may be deemed to beneficially own an aggregate of 5,982,871 common units. The Trust indirectly owns a majority of the member interests in Dunne Manning Partners LLC. The inclusion of these common units herein shall not be deemed an admission that the above have a pecuniary interest in all of the common units reported herein. 

116 

(4) Mr. Reilly may be deemed to share beneficial ownership of 4,985,117 common units beneficially owned by the 2008 Irrevocable Agreement of Trust of John B. Reilly, Jr. (the Reilly Trust in his capacity as one of two trustees of the Reilly Trust. The inclusion of these common units herein shall not be deemed an admission that the above have a pecuniary interest in all of the common units reported herein. 

(5) Includes 374,453 common units held by The Topper Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit corporation. Mr. Topper, who makes investment and voting decisions with respect to the common units held by The Topper Foundation, has no pecuniary interest in these common units. 70.156 units are held directly by Mr. Topper in his individual capacity. 637,264 common units are held by MMSCC-2, LLC (Mr. Topper controls 100 of the voting shares), and 880,933 common units are held by JVT-JMG EROP Holdings, LP (Mr. Topper controls the general partner and the Trust holds a 45 limited partner interest). The remaining common units listed here are deemed to be beneficially owned by Mr. Topper as the trustee of the Trust (see note 2 above). Mr. Topper and entities controlled by Mr. Topper have pledged a total of 3,540,427 common units (representing approximately 9.0 of outstanding common units) pursuant to a loan. Mr. Topper retains beneficial ownership of the pledged shares in the absence of a default. Prior to entering into the pledge, the Board granted Mr. Topper a waiver from the Insider Trading Policy s prohibition against unit pledges by any director or officer. The inclusion of these common units herein shall not be deemed an admission that the above have a pecuniary interest in all of the common units reported herein. 

(6) Of the 11,289 units held, 6,803 units are held by the Joseph V. Topper, Jr. Irrevocable Agreement of Trust No. 1 f/b/o Shannon T. Lynch, Mr. Lynch s wife, and as a result, Mr. Lynch may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of such units. The inclusion of these common units herein shall not be deemed an admission that the above have a pecuniary interest in all of the common units reported herein. 

(7) Of the 11,687 units held, 8,044 are directly owned and 3,245 are held by the Joseph V. Topper, Jr. Irrevocable Agreement of Trust No. 1 f/b/o Maura E. Topper. The inclusion of these common units herein shall not be deemed an admission that the above have a pecuniary interest in all of the common units reported herein. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The following table summarizes information about our equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: 

Plan Category 
 
 Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (1) 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 
 Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (2) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders: 

230,714 

n/a 

1,743,477 

(1) includes performance based awards assuming a 100 payout at the grant-date 20-day VWAP 

(2) has been reduced by the number of performance based awards assuming a 100 payout at the grant-date 20-day VWAP 

See Note 19 to the financial statements for a discussion of the material terms of the Plan. 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 As of February 23, 2023, the Topper Group beneficially owned or controlled 38.5 of the Partnership s common units. 
 As of February 23, 2023, John B. Reilly, III owned or controlled 13.1 of the Partnership s common units. 
 The following is a description of related party transactions since January 1, 2022 to which the Partnership was or is a party, in which the amount involved exceeds 120,000 and in which a director, executive officer, holder of more than 5 of our common units or any member of their immediate family had or will have a direct or indirect material interest, other than the arrangements that are described under Item 11-Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control. The terms of the transactions and agreements disclosed in this section were determined by and among related parties and, consequently, are not the result of arm s length negotiations. Such terms are not necessarily at least as favorable to the parties to these transactions and agreements as the terms that could have been obtained from unrelated third parties. 
 117 

Distributions and Payments to our General Partner and Certain Related Parties 
 The following table summarizes the distributions and payments to be made by us to our General Partner and certain related parties in connection with the ongoing operation of our business and distributions and payments that would be made by us if we were to liquidate in accordance with the terms of our Partnership Agreement. 
 Operational Stage 

Distributions 
 
 We will generally make cash distributions to the unitholders, including the Topper Group and Mr. Reilly and their respective affiliates. Assuming we have sufficient cash available for distribution to pay the full minimum quarterly distribution on all of our outstanding units for four quarters, the Topper Group and Mr. Reilly and their respective affiliates would receive an annual distribution of 34.3 million, collectively, on their common units. Cash distributions to the Topper Group and Mr. Reilly and their respective affiliates amounted to 41.1 million in 2022. 

Payments to our General Partner and its affiliates 
 
 The Topper Group and CrossAmerica have the right to negotiate the amount of the management fee on an annual basis, or more often as circumstances require. The Partnership incurred 83.9 million in management fees under the Omnibus Agreement for 2022. 

Liquidation Stage 

Liquidation 
 
 Upon our liquidation, the partners, including our General Partner, is entitled to receive liquidating distributions according to their particular capital account balances. 

Ownership of Our General Partner 
 Since November 19, 2019, the Topper Group has indirectly owned all of the membership interests of our General Partner. 
 Agreements with the Topper Group and Affiliates 
 Omnibus Agreement 
 On January 15, 2020, the Partnership entered into an Omnibus Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2020 (the Omnibus Agreement ), among the Partnership, the General Partner and DMI. The terms of the Omnibus Agreement were approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board, which is composed of the independent directors of the Board. 
 Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, DMI agreed, among other things, to provide, or cause to be provided, to the General Partner for the benefit of the Partnership, at cost without markup, certain management, administrative and operating services. 
 We incurred expenses under the Omnibus Agreement, including costs for store level personnel at our company operated sites, totaling 83.9 million for 2022. Amounts payable to the Topper Group related to these transactions were 6.1 million at December 31, 2022. See Note 14 to the financial statements for more information. 
 Management Services and Term. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, DMI provides us, or causes to be provided to us, and our General Partner with management, administrative and operating services. These services include accounting, tax, legal, internal audit, risk management and compliance, environmental compliance and remediation management oversight, treasury, information technology and other administrative functions. The Topper Group provides the Partnership and our General Partner with personnel necessary to carry out these services and any other services necessary to operate the Partnership s business as requested by the Partnership. We do not have any obligation to directly compensate the officers of our General Partner or employees of the Topper Group; however, the Partnership reimburses the Topper Group under the Omnibus Agreement for its services to the General Partner and Partnership, as described in this section. 
 118 

The Omnibus Agreement will continue in effect until terminated in accordance with its terms. The Topper Group has the right to terminate the Omnibus Agreement at any time upon 180 days prior written notice, and the General Partner has the right to terminate the Omnibus Agreement at any time upon 60 days prior written notice. 
 Fees and Reimbursements. As indicated previously, we pay the Topper Group a management fee for providing services at cost without markup. Services provided by, or on behalf of, the Topper Group, not outsourced to an independent third party, include accounting; administrative; billing and invoicing; books and record keeping; budgeting, forecasting, and financial planning and analysis; management (including the management and oversight of the MLP s wholesale motor fuel distribution and real estate business consistent with past practice); operations; payroll; contract administration; maintenance of internal controls; financial reporting, including SEC reporting and compliance; office space; purchasing and materials management; risk management and administration of insurance programs; information technology (includes hardware and software existing or acquired in the future for which title is retained by the Topper Group); in-house legal; compensation, benefits and human resources administration; cash management; corporate finance, treasury credit and debt administration; employee training; and miscellaneous administration and overhead expenses. In addition, the Partnership is required to reimburse the Topper Group for certain outsourced services to be provided by the Topper Group to or on behalf of the Partnership, as set forth in the Omnibus Agreement. 
 General Indemnification; Limitation of Liability. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, we are required to indemnify the Topper Group for any liabilities incurred by the Topper Group attributable to the management, administrative and operating services provided to us under the agreement, other than liabilities resulting from the Topper Group s bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct. In addition, the Topper Group is required to indemnify us for any liabilities we incur as a result of the Topper Group s bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct in providing management, administrative and operating services under the Omnibus Agreement. Other than indemnification claims based on the Topper Group s bad faith, fraud or willful misconduct, the Topper Group s liability to us for services provided under the Omnibus Agreement cannot exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate. 
 Preferred Membership Interests 
 See Note 18 for information regarding the issuance of preferred membership interests to related parties. 
 Fuel Supply and Lease Agreements 
 Revenues from TopStar, an entity affiliated with the Topper Group, were 74.2 million for 2022. Accounts receivable from TopStar were 0.7 million at December 31, 2022. 
 The Partnership leases certain motor fuel stations from the Topper Group under cancelable operating leases. Rent expense under these agreements was 10.0 million for 2022. 
 Maintenance and Environmental Costs 
 Certain maintenance and environmental monitoring and remediation activities are undertaken by Synergy Environmental, Inc., an entity affiliated with the Topper Group, as approved by the conflicts committee of the Board. We incurred charges with this related party of 2.0 million for 2022. Accounts payable to this related party amounted to 0.3 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Convenience Store Products 
 We purchase certain convenience store products from an affiliate of John B. Reilly, III and Joseph V. Topper, Jr., members of the Board, as approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board. Merchandise costs amounted to 21.1 million for 2022. Amounts payable to this related party amounted to 1.4 million at December 31, 2022. 
 Vehicle Lease 
 In connection with the services rendered under the Omnibus Agreement, we lease certain vehicles from an entity affiliated with the Topper Group, as approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board. Lease expense to this related party was 0.1 million for 2022. 
 119 

Principal Executive Offices 
 Our principal executive offices are in Allentown, Pennsylvania. We lease office space from an affiliate of John B. Reilly, III and Joseph V. Topper, Jr., members of our Board, as approved by the independent conflicts committee of the Board. Rent expense amounted to 0.9 million for 2022. 
 Agreements with Other Directors 
 On August 24, 2022, the Partnership entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement with Community Service Stations, Inc. CSS ), pursuant to which the Partnership purchased certain assets from CSS for a purchase price of 27.5 million plus working capital. Matrix Capital Markets Group, Inc. MCMG received a fee of 890,000 from CSS as the exclusive financial advisor to CSS for the transaction. Mr. Kelso was the president and a shareholder of MCMG at the time of the transaction. 
 
 Review, Approval and Ratification of Related Person Transactions 
 The Board has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that provides that the Board or its authorized committee will periodically review all related person transactions that are required to be disclosed under SEC rules and, when appropriate, initially authorize or ratify all such transactions. In the event that the Board or its authorized committee considers ratification of a related person transaction and determines not to so ratify, the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct provides that our management will make all reasonable efforts to cancel or annul the transaction. 
 The Code of Ethics and Business Conduct provides that, in determining whether or not to recommend the initial approval or ratification of a related person transaction, the Board or its authorized committee should consider all of the relevant facts and circumstances available, including (if applicable) but not limited to: (i) whether there is an appropriate business justification for the transaction; (ii) the benefits that accrue to us as a result of the transaction; (iii) the terms available to unrelated third parties entering into similar transactions; (iv) the impact of the transaction on a director s independence (in the event the related person is a director, an immediate family member of a director or an entity in which a director or an immediately family member of a director is a partner, shareholder, member or executive officer); (v) the availability of other sources for comparable products or services; (vi) whether it is a single transaction or a series of ongoing, related transactions; and (vii) whether entering into the transaction would be consistent with the Code of Ethics and Business Conduct. 
 Director Independence 
 For a discussion of the independence of the Board, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Management. 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The audit committee of the board of directors of our General Partner selected Grant Thornton LLP, or Grant Thornton, an independent registered public accounting firm, to audit our financial statements for 2022. The audit committee s charter requires the audit committee to approve in advance all audit and non-audit services to be provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. All services reported in the audit, audit-related, tax and all other fees categories below with respect to this 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K were approved by the audit committee. 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate Grant Thornton fees that were allocated to us for independent auditing, tax and related services for each of the last two fiscal years (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees (1) 

1,273 

1,260 

Audit-related fees (2) 

Tax fees (3) 

All other fees (4) 

Total 

1,273 

1,260 

(1) Audit fees represent amounts billed for each of the years presented for professional services rendered in connection with those services normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings or engagements including comfort letters, consents and other services related to SEC matters. 

(2) Audit-related fees represent amounts billed in each of the years presented for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the annual audit or quarterly reviews. 

120 

(3) Tax fees represent amounts billed in each of the years presented for professional services rendered in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

(4) All other fees represent amounts billed in each of the years presented for services not classifiable under the other categories listed in the table above. 

Audit Committee Approval of Audit and Non-audit Services 
 The audit committee of the board of directors of our General Partner has adopted a pre-approval policy with respect to services which may be performed by Grant Thornton. This policy lists specific audit-related services as well as any other services that Grant Thornton is authorized to perform and sets out specific dollar limits for each specific service, which may not be exceeded without additional audit committee authorization. The audit committee reviews the policy at least annually in order to approve services and limits for the current year. Any service that is not clearly enumerated in the policy must receive specific pre-approval by the audit committee prior to engagement. 
 121 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements. The financial statements of CrossAmerica Partners, LP are included in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 

2. Financial Statement Schedules and Other Financial Information. Schedule I was included in Part II, Item 8. No other financial statement schedules are submitted because either they are inapplicable or because the required information is included in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 3. Exhibits. Filed as part of this Form 10-K are the following exhibits: 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Lehigh Gas Partners LP (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2012) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Limited Partnership of Lehigh Gas Partners LP (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 3, 2014) 

3.3 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of CrossAmerica Partners LP, dated February 6, 2020 (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 7, 2020) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Common Units (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 26, 2020) 

10.1 
 
 Lehigh Gas Partners LP 2012 Incentive Award Plan, dated as of July 27, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 19, 2016) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Lehigh Gas Partners LP 2012 Incentive Award Plan Award Agreement for Phantom Units for Executive Officers with distribution equivalent rights (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2015) 

10.3 
 
 Form of Lehigh Gas Partners LP 2012 Incentive Award Plan Award Agreement for Phantom Performance Units for Executive Officers and Employees with distribution equivalent rights from December 20, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 7, 2018) 

10.4 
 
 Award Agreement for Phantom Units for Non-Employee Directors with distribution equivalent rights (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 8, 2017) 

10.5 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement for directors of the Board and certain officers of CrossAmerica GP LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 8, 2017) 

10.6+ 
 
 Omnibus Agreement, effective as of January 1, 2020, by and among CrossAmerica Partners LP, CrossAmerica GP LLC and Dunne Manning Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on 8-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 16, 2020) 

10.7 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019, among CrossAmerica Partners LP, as borrower, Lehigh Gas Wholesale Services, Inc., as borrower, certain domestic subsidiaries of CrossAmerica Partners LP and Lehigh Gas Wholesale Services, Inc. from time to time party thereto, as guarantors, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and L/C issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on 8-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 2, 2019). 

122 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2019, among CrossAmerica Partners LP and Lehigh Gas Wholesale Services, Inc., as borrowers, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, swing line lender and L/C issuer (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on 8-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2019) 

10.9 
 
 Second Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 28, 2021, among CrossAmerica Partners LP and Lehigh Gas Wholesale Services, Inc., as borrowers, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2021) 

10.10 
 
 Third Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated November 9, 2022, among CrossAmerica Partners LP and Lehigh Gas Wholesale Services, Inc., as borrowers, the guarantors from time to time party thereto, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citizens Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 

10.11 
 
 Credit Agreement, dated as of July 16, 2021, among CAPL JKM Partners LLC, as borrower, CAPL JKM Holdings LLC, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing bank and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2021) 

10.12 
 
 First Amendment to the Credit Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2021, among CAPL JKM Partners LLC, as borrower, CAPL JKM Holdings LLC, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as administrative agent, swingline lender and issuing bank and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 9, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Investment Agreement, dated March 29, 2022, between CAPL JKM Holdings LLC, Dunne Manning JKM LLC, John B. Reilly III, and the John B. Reilly Trust created under that certain 2008 Irrevocable Agreement of Trust of John B. Reilly (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2022) 

10.14 
 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of CAPL JKM Holdings LLC, dated as of March 29, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2022) 

10.15 
 
 CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K for CrossAmerica Partners LP, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 13, 2022) 

10.16 
 
 Form of CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan Award Agreement for Phantom Units - Time-Based Unit Award 

10.17 
 
 Form of CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan Award Agreement for Phantom Performance Units - Performance-Based Unit Award 

10.18 
 
 Separation and Release Agreement, dated November 18, 2022, by and between VUC Inc. and Matthew Evan Naylor 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries of CrossAmerica Partners LP 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of CrossAmerica GP LLC as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of CrossAmerica GP LLC as required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer of CrossAmerica GP LLC pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of CrossAmerica GP LLC pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

123 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

Filed herewith 
 Not considered to be filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 + Non-material schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 
 124 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 

By: 
 
 CROSSAMERICA GP LLC, its General Partner 

By: 
 
 /s/ Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(On behalf of the registrant, and in the capacity of Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: February 27, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on February 27, 2023. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/s/ Joseph V. Topper, Jr. 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Joseph V. Topper, Jr. 

/s/ John B. Reilly, III 
 
 Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors 

John B. Reilly, III 

/s/ Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 
 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Maura Topper 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 

Maura Topper 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Jonathan E. Benfield 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 

Jonathan E. Benfield 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Keenan D. Lynch 
 
 General Counsel, Chief Administrative Officer and Director 

Keenan D. Lynch 

/s/ Justin A. Gannon 
 
 Director 

Justin A. Gannon 

Director 

Thomas E. Kelso 

/s/ Mickey Kim 
 
 Director 

Mickey Kim 

/s/ Kenneth G. Valosky 
 
 Director 

Kenneth G. Valosky 

125 

<EX-10>
 2
 capl-ex10_10.htm
 EX-10.10 THIRD AMENDMENT TO CAPL CREDIT FACILITY

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.10 
 
 THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is entered into as of November 9, 2022, by and among CrossAmerica Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), and Lehigh Gas Wholesale Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation Services , and, together with the Partnership, the Borrowers ), the Guarantors party hereto, Citizens Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and each of the Lenders party hereto. 
 W I T N E S S E T H: 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers, the Guarantors, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders from time to time party thereto and the other parties thereto are parties to that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of April 1, 2019 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of November 19, 2019, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 28, 2021 and as further amended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement); and 
 WHEREAS, the Borrowers have requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto amend certain provisions of the Credit Agreement, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto are willing to do so, on the terms and conditions set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained herein, and other valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of all of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to Credit Agreement . Upon satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 3 hereof, the Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: 

1.1. Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following definitions in alphabetical order: 

CSS Acquisition means the Acquisition of certain assets of Community Service Stations, Inc. CSS pursuant to that certain Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2022, among CSS, as seller, and LGP Realty Holdings LP, Lehigh Gas Wholesale LLC, and Services, as buyers. 
 	 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 	 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 1 

UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 1.2. Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by amending and restating the following definitions in their entirety: 

Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time that is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Specified Acquisition means the Initial Drop Down, the CSS Acquisition and any Acquisition made by the Borrowers or any of their Restricted Subsidiaries in which the Acquisition Consideration therefor exceeds 30,000,000. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.3. The definition of Interest Period set forth in Section 1.01 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the words one, two, three or six months therein with the words one, three or six months . 

1.4. Section 5.24 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

5.24	 Affected Financial Institutions . Neither of the Borrowers nor any Guarantor is an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 1.5. Section 9.07 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following to the end thereof: 

2 

Each Lender represents and warrants that (i) the Loan Documents set forth the terms of a commercial lending facility and (ii) it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans in the ordinary course and is entering into this Agreement as a Lender for the purpose of making, acquiring or holding commercial loans set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender, and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument, and each Lender agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing. Each Lender represents and warrants that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire or hold commercial loans, as may be applicable to such Lender, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire or hold such commercial loans, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans. 
 
 1.6. Section 10.23 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: 

10.23	 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if required by Law: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any applicable Resolution Authority. 

1.7. Article X of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add a new Section 10.26 as follows: 

10.26	 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Contracts or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
 3 

Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 
 (a)	In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 
 (b)	As used in this Section 10.26 , the following terms have the following meanings: 
 
 	 BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 	 Covered Entity means any of the following: 
 
 	(i)	a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); 
 
 	(ii)	a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or 
 	 
 	(iii)	a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 	 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 	 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 
 4 

SECTION 2. Specified Acquisition Period . The Borrowers hereby notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders of their election pursuant to Section 6.02(i) of the Credit Agreement to have a Specified Acquisition Period apply with respect to the CSS Acquisition. 

SECTION 3. Conditions . The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions (the date on which all such conditions are satisfied and/or waived, the Amendment Effective Date ): 

3.1. the Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received a duly executed and delivered counterpart of this Amendment signed by each Borrower and each other Loan Party party hereto; 

3.2. this Amendment shall have been executed and delivered by the Administrative Agent and Lenders constituting the Required Lenders; 

3.3. the representations and warranties in Section 4 hereof and in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that any such representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to such qualification) in all respects, and except to the extent that such representations or warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); 

3.4. at the time of and immediately after giving effect to the effectiveness of this Amendment, no Event of Default shall have occurred or be continuing; 

3.5. the CSS Acquisition shall have been, or shall substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Amendment be, consummated and shall constitute a Permitted Acquisition, and the Borrowers shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officer s certificate certifying as to the satisfaction of clauses (i) through (vi) of the definition of Permitted Acquisition 

3.6. the Borrowers shall have paid to Citizens, as lead arranger of the amendments contemplated hereby, and each of the Lenders executing this Amendment on or prior to the Amendment Effective Date, such arrangement and consent fees as Citizens and such Lenders shall have agreed with the Borrowers; and 

3.7. the Borrowers shall have paid all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket legal fees and expenses of the Administrative Agent in connection with the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Amendment, and for which it has received invoices at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Amendment Effective Date. 

SECTION 4. Representations and Warranties . To induce the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto to enter into this Amendment, the Borrowers and each other Loan Party party hereto hereby represent and warrant to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as follows: 

4.1. Such Loan Party has the power and authority, and the legal right, to make, deliver and perform this Amendment and all documents and instruments delivered in connection herewith. Such Loan Party has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Amendment and all documents and instruments delivered in connection herewith, and this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Loan Party. 

4.2. This Amendment constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited 

5 

by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and by general equitable principles (whether enforcement is sought by proceedings in equity or at Law). 

4.3. No consent or authorization of, or filing with, notice to or other act by or in respect of any Governmental Authority or any other Person is required in connection with the execution, delivery, performance, validity or enforceability of this Amendment or any documents and instruments delivered in connection herewith, except (i) consents, authorizations, filings and notices which have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and (ii) those consents, authorizations, filings and notices, the failure of which to obtain or make could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

4.4. On the Amendment Effective Date, both at the time of and immediately after giving effect to this Amendment, each of the representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents is true and correct in all material respects (except that any such representation or warranty that is qualified as to materiality, Material Adverse Effect or similar language shall be true and correct (after giving effect to such qualification) in all respects, and except to the extent that such representations or warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representation or warranty shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 

SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect upon the Credit Agreement . 

5.1. Except as specifically amended hereby, all terms, conditions, covenants, representations and warranties contained in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, all rights of the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other Secured Parties and all of the Obligations shall remain in full force and effect. The Borrowers and the other Loan Parties party hereto hereby confirm that the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents are in full force and effect. 

5.2. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not directly or indirectly constitute (i) a novation of any of the Obligations under the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or (ii) constitute a course of dealing or, except as expressly amended hereby, other basis for altering any Obligations or any other contract or instrument (including, without limitation, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 

5.3. From and after the date hereof, (i) the term Agreement in the Credit Agreement, and all references to the Credit Agreement in any other Loan Document, shall mean the Credit Agreement as amended hereby, and (ii) the term Loan Documents in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall include, without limitation, this Amendment and any agreements, instruments and other documents executed and/or delivered in connection herewith. 

SECTION 6. Incorporation by Reference . The terms and provisions of Sections 10.10 (Counterparts; Integration; Signature), 10.12 (Severability), 10.14 (Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc.) and 10.17 (Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents) of the Credit Agreement are hereby incorporated herein by reference, and shall apply to this Amendment mutatis mutandis as if fully set forth herein. 

6 

SECTION 7. Headings . Section headings used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Amendment and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Amendment. 

SECTION 8. Reaffirmation . Each of the Loan Parties as borrower, debtor, grantor, pledgor, guarantor, assignor, or in other similar capacity in which such Loan Party grants liens or security interests in its property or otherwise acts as accommodation party or guarantor, as the case may be, hereby (i) ratifies and reaffirms all of its payment and performance obligations, contingent or otherwise, under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party (after giving effect to this Amendment) and (ii) to the extent such Loan Party granted to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, liens on or a security interest in any of its property pursuant to any Loan Document as security for or otherwise guaranteed the Obligations under or with respect to the Loan Documents, ratifies and reaffirms its grant of security interests and liens and guarantee under the Loan Documents, as applicable, and confirms and agrees that such security interests, liens and guarantee hereafter secure all of the Obligations as amended hereby, to the extent set forth in the applicable Loan Documents. Each of the Loan Parties hereby consents to this Amendment and acknowledges that, except as amended by this Amendment, each of the Loan Documents remains in full force and effect and is hereby ratified and reaffirmed. Except as specifically amended hereby, the execution of this Amendment shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of the Administrative Agent or Lenders, constitute a waiver of any provision of any of the Loan Documents or serve to effect a novation of the Obligations. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank; Signature Pages Follow] 
 
 7 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Amendment as of the date set forth above. 
 
 PARTNERSHIP : 
 
 CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP By: CrossAmerica GP LLC, its general partner 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Maura Topper 
 	Name: Maura Topper 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 SERVICES: 
 
 LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC. 
 By: 	 /s/ Maura Topper 
 	Name: Maura Topper 
 	Title: Chief Financial Officer 
 
 GUARANTORS : 

LGP OPERATIONS LLC , LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE LLC , EXPRESS LANE, INC. , LGP REALTY HOLDINGS GP LLC , MINNESOTA NICE HOLDINGS INC. , ERICKSON OIL PRODUCTS, INC. , FREEDOM VALU CENTERS, INC. , PETROLEUM MARKETERS, INCORPORATED , PM PROPERTIES, INC. , CAP OPERATIONS, INC. , 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 
 880258.02-LACSR02A - MSW 
 
 NAI-1533411391v6 

NTI DROP DOWN ONE, LLC , NTI DROP DOWN TWO, LLC , M J OPERATIONS, LLC , CAP WEST VIRGINIA HOLDINGS, LLC 

By: 
 /s/ Maura Topper 

Name: 
 Maura Topper 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 
 880258.02-LACSR02A - MSW 
 
 NAI-1533411391v6 

LGP REALTY HOLDINGS LP By: LGP Realty Holdings GP LLC, 	its general partner 

By: 
 /s/ Maura Topper 

Name: 
 Maura Topper 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 
 880258.02-LACSR02A - MSW 
 
 NAI-1533411391v6 

Administrative AGENT: 
 
 CITIZENS BANK, N.A. , as Administrative Agent and as a Lender 

By: 	 /s/ Cynthia Matje 
 	Name: Cynthia Matje 
 	Title: Senior Vice President 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMONG CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP, LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC., EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY PARTY HERETO, EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO, AND CITIZENS BANK, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Name of Institution: Barclays Bank PLC, as a Lender 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Craig Malloy 
 	Name: Craig Malloy 
 	Title: Director 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMONG CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP, LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC., EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY PARTY HERETO, EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO, AND CITIZENS BANK, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Name of Institution: Capital One, National Association, as a Lender 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Gabrielle Uzdin 
 	Name: Gabrielle Uzdin 
 	Title: Duly Authorized Signatory 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMONG CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP, LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC., EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY PARTY HERETO, EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO, AND CITIZENS BANK, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Name of Institution: Fifth Third Bank, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Mike Ross 
 	Name: Mike Ross 
 	Title: Managing Director 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMONG CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP, LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC., EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY PARTY HERETO, EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO, AND CITIZENS BANK, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Name of Institution: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a Lender 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Jason R. Williams 
 	Name: Jason R. Williams 
 	Title: Authorized Officer 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMONG CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP, LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC., EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY PARTY HERETO, EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO, AND CITIZENS BANK, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Name of Institution: KeyBank National Association, as a Lender 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Eric W. Domin 
 	Name: Eric W. Domin 
 	Title: VP 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMONG CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP, LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC., EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY PARTY HERETO, EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO, AND CITIZENS BANK, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Name of Institution: Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as a Lender 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Michael Zile 
 	Name: Michael Zile 
 	Title: Senior Vice President 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMONG CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP, LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC., EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY PARTY HERETO, EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO, AND CITIZENS BANK, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Name of Institution: Raymond James Bank, as a Lender 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Mark Specht 
 	Name: Mark Specht 
 	Title: Vice President 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT AMONG CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP, LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC., EACH OTHER LOAN PARTY PARTY HERETO, EACH LENDER PARTY HERETO, AND CITIZENS BANK, N.A., AS ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Name of Institution: Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as a Lender 
 
 By: 	 /s/ Denise Crouch 
 	Name: Denise Crouch 
 	Title: Vice President 
 
 [SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO THIRD AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 capl-ex10_16.htm
 EX-10.16 FORM OF AWARD AGREEMENT FOR GRANT OF PHANTOM UNITS TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.16 CrossAmerica Partners LP Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement for Phantom Units Time-Based Unit Award Grantee : 	 / ParticipantName / Grant Date : 		 October __, 2022 Number of Phantom Units: / AwardsGranted / (the Phantom Units 	 1.	 Grant of Phantom Units . CrossAmerica GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in its capacity as the general partner General Partner of CrossAmerica Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), hereby grants to you an award Award of Phantom Units under the CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time (the Plan ),which are subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Award Agreement (the Agreement ). Each Phantom Unit represents a notional Unit granted under the Plan which upon vesting entitles you to receive a Unit, an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a Unit, or a combination of cash and Units, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. Phantom Units are not actual Units, no Units shall be issued at the time the Award is made, and the Award shall not convey any of the rights or privileges or voting rights of a unitholder or limited partner of the Partnership with respect to any Phantom Units. This Award includes tandem Distribution Equivalent Rights DERs ), which entitle the Participant to receive, with respect to each Phantom Unit, so long as the underlying Phantom Unit has not either vested or been forfeited, an amount in cash equal to the distributions per Unit made by the Partnership on its outstanding Units. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall control. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan unless the context requires otherwise. References to Section herein, unless otherwise specified, refer to the Sections of this Agreement. 2.	 Vesting of Phantom Units . The Phantom Units shall be unvested at issuance, and subject to Section 4 below, shall become vested and non-forfeitable as follows: (a) fifty percent (50 of the Phantom Units shall become vested and non-forfeitable in three equal, annual installments beginning on December 31, 2023, provided you have remained in Continuous Service from the Grant Date through each applicable vesting date; and 

 (b) the remaining 50 of the Phantom Units that are not subject to the vesting provisions of the preceding section 2(a) shall become vested and 

non-forfeitable upon retirement, provided however that in the case of retirement, the Committee, in its sole discretion determines, that such retirement is not adverse to the interests of the Partnership. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, such Phantom Units shall become vested within 20 years form the Grant Date. 

 If on an applicable vesting date, the application of the above vesting schedule results in a fractional Phantom Unit being vested, the number of Phantom Units vesting on such date shall be rounded up to the next whole number of Phantom Units. 3.	 Administration . The Committee shall have the sole and complete discretion to administer, interpret and construe the Plan and this Agreement with respect to a Participant, and to determine any and all questions and issues arising with respect to the Plan and this Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee, in its discretion, may elect to pay you an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a Unit determined on the date that such Unit otherwise would be granted to you, or may pay in any combination of Units and cash as the Committee, in its discretion, elects. Any decision of the Committee concerning the Plan, or this Agreement shall be final and binding on you. 4.	 Events Occurring Prior to Full Vesting . (a) Death or Disability . If your Continuous Service terminates as a result of your death or Disability, the unvested Phantom Units then remaining automatically will become fully vested upon such termination of Continuous Service. (b) Other Terminations . Subject to Section 2(b), if your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than as provided in Section 4(a), unless otherwise determined by the Committee or its delegate in accordance with Section 2(b), the Phantom Units then remaining automatically shall be forfeited without payment upon such termination of Continuous Service. 5.	 Payments . (a) Payment of Units . Subject to Section 8, as soon as reasonably practical and not later than 30 days following the applicable vesting date, you shall be issued one Unit with respect to each vested Phantom Unit, unless the Committee, in its discretion, elects to pay you an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a Unit determined on such vesting date. If more than one Phantom Unit vests at the same time, the Partnership may pay such vested Phantom Units in any combination of Units and cash as the Committee, in its discretion, elects. 

 (b) Payment of DERs . The Participant is entitled to receive, with respect to each Phantom Unit that has not either vested or been forfeited, cash payments equal to the distributions per Unit made by the Partnership on its outstanding Units, in each case promptly following (and in no event more than 30 days after) each such distribution made by the Partnership. Upon the forfeiture or vesting of the underlying Phantom Unit, the associated DER will automatically expire and no further payments shall be made with respect to such DER, except with respect to amounts not yet paid with respect to distributions on Units made prior to the date of such forfeiture or vesting. 

6.	 Limitations upon Transfer . All rights under this Agreement shall belong to you alone and may not be transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated by you in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and shall not be subject to execution, attachment, or similar process. Upon any attempt by you to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of such rights contrary to the provisions in this Agreement or the Plan, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar process upon such rights, such rights shall immediately become null and void. 7.	 Restrictions . By accepting this Award, you agree that any Units that you may receive upon vesting of this Award will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner that would constitute a violation of any applicable federal or state securities laws. You also agree that (i) the certificates representing the Units acquired under this Award may bear such legend or legends as the Committee deems appropriate in order to assure compliance with applicable securities laws, (ii) the Partnership may refuse to register the transfer of the Units acquired under this Award on the transfer records of the Partnership if such proposed transfer would in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to the General Partner constitute a violation of any applicable securities law, and (iii) the Partnership may give related instructions to its transfer agent, if any, to stop registration of the transfer of the Units to be received under this Agreement. 8.	 Withholding of Taxes . If the grant, vesting or payment of a Phantom Unit or DERs results in the receipt of compensation by you with respect to which the General Partner or an Affiliate has a tax withholding obligation pursuant to applicable law, the General Partner or an Affiliate shall withhold (or net) such cash and number of unrestricted Units otherwise payable to you as the General Partner or an Affiliate requires to meet its tax minimum statutory withholding obligations under such applicable laws. 9.	 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Partnership and upon any person lawfully claiming under you. 10.	 Amendment . The General Partner may amend or terminate the Plan and any instrument hereunder (including this Agreement) at any time, in whole or in part, and for any reason; provided, however, that except as to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or any SEC rule) and to conform the provisions of this Agreement to any changes thereto, no such amendment or termination shall adversely affect the rights of a Participant with respect to Awards granted to the Participant prior to the effective date of such amendment or termination. 11.	 Nature of Payments . The Phantom Units, and payments made pursuant to the Phantom Units are not a part of salary or compensation paid or payable by the General Partner or its Affiliates for purposes of any other benefit or compensation plan or otherwise. 

12.	 Severability . If a particular provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall be found by final judgment of a court or administrative tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions shall not affect any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement and the other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 13.	 Entire Agreement . Together with the Plan, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and contains all the covenants, promises, representations, warranties and agreements between the parties with respect to the Phantom Units granted hereby. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, all prior understandings, and agreements, if any, among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect. 14.	 Governing Law . This grant shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. THE UNDERSIGNED GRANTEE ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN, AND, AS AN EXPRESS CONDITION TO THE GRANT OF PHANTOM UNITS AND DERS HEREUNDER, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN. GRANTEE Signature: ______________________ Name: / ParticipantName / Dated: _________________________ CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP By CrossAmerica GP LLC, its general partner Signature: ______________________ Name: Charles M. Nifong, Jr., President and CEO Dated: _________________________ 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 capl-ex10_17.htm
 EX-10.17 FORM OF AWARD AGREEMENT FOR GRANT OF PHANTOM PERFORMANCE UNITS TO EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.17 CrossAmerica Partners LP Long-Term Incentive Plan Award Agreement Performance-Based Unit Award Grantee : 	 	/ ParticipantName / Award Date : 			October __, 2022 Initial Dollar Target Amount: / Amount / 1.	 Award of Units . CrossAmerica GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in its capacity as the general partner General Partner of CrossAmerica Partners LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), hereby agrees to grant to you a Performance Award in accordance with Section 9 of the CrossAmerica Partners LP 2022 Incentive Award Plan, as the same may be amended from time to time (the Plan ), subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference as a part of this Award Agreement (the Agreement ). The Plan provides for the grant of Performance Awards, which constitute the right to receive Awards, including Unit Awards or Cash Awards, or both, in the discretion of the Committee, subject to the terms and conditions established by the Committee. Accordingly, upon vesting (see below) and as determined by attainment of the performance goals set forth on Schedule A hereto, this Performance Award represents the right to receive common units Units representing limited partner interests in the Partnership, or cash, or both, in the discretion of the Committee. This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions under which a certain number Units will be issued to you as of a certain date in the future, subject to vesting of this Performance Award as set forth below. No Units shall be issued as of the date this Agreement is made, and the Agreement shall not convey to you any of the rights or privileges or voting rights of a unitholder or limited partner of the Partnership with respect to any Units. This Award does not include any tandem Distribution Equivalent Rights DERs , as defined in the Plan). In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Agreement and the Plan, the Plan shall control. Capitalized terms used in this Agreement but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Plan unless the context requires otherwise. References to Section herein, unless otherwise specified, refer to the Sections of this Agreement. 2.	 Issuance of Units . Subject to the terms of this Agreement, this Performance Award entitles you to receive Units in an amount and on the date that shall be determined in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth on Schedule A hereto. If the application of the terms set forth in Schedule A results in a fractional Unit being issued at any time, the number of Units issued shall be rounded up to the next whole number of Units. In its sole discretion, in accordance with Section 3(b), the Committee may elect to pay cash for all or part of the Units issuable upon vesting of the Performance Award. 

3.	 Administration . (a) The Committee shall have the sole and complete discretion to administer, interpret and construe the Plan and this Agreement with respect to a Participant, and to determine any and all questions and issues arising with respect to the Plan and this Agreement. (b) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Committee, in its discretion, may elect to pay you an amount of cash equal to the Fair Market Value of a Unit determined on the date that such Unit otherwise would be granted to you, or may pay in any combination of Units and cash as the Committee, in its discretion, elects. Any decision of the Committee concerning the Plan or this Agreement shall be final and binding on you. 4.	 Events Occurring Prior to Vesting . (a) Death or Disability . If your Continuous Service (as defined in the Plan) terminates as a result of your death or Disability, the Units subject to this Agreement will determined and issued upon such termination of Continuous Service according to the terms of Schedule A , subject to such adjustments as the Committee may make in its reasonable discretion to accomplish the intent of this Agreement. (b) Other Terminations . If your Continuous Service terminates for any reason other than as provided in Section 4(a), unless otherwise determined by the Committee or its delegate, your right to receive Units subject to this Agreement shall be forfeited without payment upon such termination of Continuous Service. 5.	 Vesting . Your Performance Award granted pursuant to this Agreement will become vested three years after the Award Date (the Restriction Period based on the achievement of performance goals with respect to the Partnership as described on the attached Schedule A, provided that your employment is not terminated prior to the end of the Restriction Period. The amount payable with respect to the your Performance Award shall be determined by multiplying the Initial Target Dollar Amount by a payout performance multiplier of between zero percent and two hundred percent (0 -200 (the Performance Multiplier ), which shall be determined pursuant to and based upon actual performance compared to the performance goals described on Schedule A. 6.	 Limitations upon Transfer . All rights under this Agreement shall belong to you alone and may not be transferred, assigned, pledged, or hypothecated by you in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise), other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution and shall not be subject to execution, attachment, or similar process. Upon any attempt by you to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of such rights contrary to the provisions in this Agreement or the Plan, or upon the levy of any attachment or similar process upon such rights, such rights shall immediately become null and void. 7.	 Restrictions . By accepting this Award, you agree that any Units that you may receive upon vesting of this Award will not be sold or otherwise disposed of in any manner that would constitute a violation of any applicable federal or state securities laws. You also agree that (i) the certificates representing the Units acquired under this Award may bear such legend or legends as the Committee deems appropriate in order to assure 

compliance with applicable securities laws, (ii) the Partnership may refuse to register the transfer of the Units acquired under this Award on the transfer records of the Partnership if such proposed transfer would in the opinion of counsel satisfactory to the General Partner constitute a violation of any applicable securities law, and (iii) the Partnership may give related instructions to its transfer agent, if any, to stop registration of the transfer of the Units to be received under this Agreement. 8.	 Withholding of Taxes . If the grant or vesting of the Performance Award or the issuance, or payment of a Unit results in the receipt of compensation by you with respect to which the General Partner or an Affiliate has a tax withholding obligation pursuant to applicable law, the General Partner or an Affiliate shall withhold (or net) such cash and number of unrestricted Units otherwise payable to you as the General Partner or an Affiliate requires to meet its tax minimum statutory withholding obligations under such applicable laws. 9.	 Binding Effect . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of any successor or successors of the Partnership and upon any person lawfully claiming under you. 10.	 Amendment . The General Partner may amend or terminate the Plan and any instrument hereunder (including this Agreement) at any time, in whole or in part, and for any reason; provided, however, that except as to the extent necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations (including, without limitation, the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 or any SEC rule) and to conform the provisions of this Agreement to any changes thereto, no such amendment or termination shall adversely affect the rights of a Participant with respect to Awards granted to the Participant prior to the effective date of such amendment or termination. 11.	 Nature of Payments . The Units, and payments made pursuant to this Agreement are not a part of salary or compensation paid or payable by the General Partner or its Affiliates for purposes of any other benefit or compensation plan or otherwise. 12.	 Severability . If a particular provision of the Plan or this Agreement shall be found by final judgment of a court or administrative tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions shall not affect any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement and the other provisions of the Plan or this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 13.	 Entire Agreement . Together with the Plan, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and contains all the covenants, promises, representations, warranties and agreements between the parties with respect to the Performance Award granted hereby. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, all prior understandings, and agreements, if any, among the parties hereto relating to the subject matter hereof are hereby null and void and of no further force and effect. 

14.	 Governing Law . This Award shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to conflicts of laws principles thereof. THE UNDERSIGNED GRANTEE ACKNOWLEDGES RECEIPT OF THIS AWARD AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN, AND, AS AN EXPRESS CONDITION TO THE GRANT OF UNITS HEREUNDER, AGREES TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE PLAN. GRANTEE Signature: ______________________ Name: / ParticipantName / Dated: _________________________ CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP By CrossAmerica GP LLC, its general partner Signature: ______________________ Name: Charles M. Nifong, Jr., President and CEO Dated: _________________________ 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 capl-ex10_18.htm
 EX-10.18 SEPARATION AND RELEASE AGREEMENT

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.18 
 
 VUC INC. 
 645 W. Hamilton Street, Suite 500 
 Allentown, PA 18101 
 
 November 30, 2022 

VIA EMAIL AND OVERNIGHT DELIVERY 
 Matthew Evan Naylor 
 [Address] 
 Email: [Email address] 
 
 Dear Evan: 
 
 	As previously discussed with you, your employment with VUC Inc. has ended, with an effective date of Friday, November 18, 2022 (which is referred to in this document as the Separation Date ). 
 
 	The purpose of this letter (which is referred to in this document as the Agreement is to outline what pay and benefits you are already entitled to, and what additional pay and benefits VUC Inc. (which is referred to in this document as the Company is prepared to offer you in terms of severance in exchange for certain protections of the Company s business that we require in return. 
 Existing Entitlement 
 	Regardless of whether you sign this Agreement, your employment with the Company will end effective on the Separation Date. You will, of course, be paid for all working time through and including the Separation Date, according to the Company s normal payroll practices and regular payroll schedule. If you have not done so already, you will need to immediately return your computer, phone, Company-related documents and any other Company property that may be in your possession. A representative of the Company will contact to you to make arrangements to return all Company property in your possession and return any of your personal property in the office. 
 	Regardless of whether you sign this Agreement, you will be provided with the benefits to which you are already entitled, which are set forth on Schedule 1 to this Agreement and collectively referred to in this document as the Existing Entitlement . 

Supplemental Benefit 
 
 	In addition to the Existing Entitlement described above, the Company is also prepared to provide you with the items set forth on Schedule 2 to this Agreement, which are collectively referred to in this document as the Supplemental Benefit, if you agree to the terms of this letter and sign this Agreement (and do not revoke your acceptance of this Agreement, as set forth below). 
 
 Release and Waiver Provisions 
 
 In exchange for the Supplemental Benefit, you (which for purposes of this paragraph, includes you and all of your heirs, executors, administrators and assigns) unconditionally enter into the following complete RELEASE OF CLAIMS AND WAIVER: 
 
 (a) WHO YOU ARE RELEASING AND WAIVING THE RIGHT TO ASSERT CLAIMS AGAINST. By signing this Agreement, you waive the right to assert claims against and are releasing VUC Inc., any of its parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, divisions, related entities, operating or service entities with which it contracts, other Company-related entities for whom you worked, and any of its and/or their benefit plans and its and/or their respective current and former officers, directors, shareholders, members, managers, representatives, agents, employees, plan sponsors, plan administrators, trustees, predecessors and successors (by merger, acquisition or otherwise), assigns and their heirs, executors, and administrators including, without limitation, CrossAmerica Partners LP and its subsidiaries and affiliates, CrossAmerica GP LLC, CAPL Retail LLC, Joe s Kwik Marts LLC, Dunne Manning, Inc., Dunne Manning Stores LLC, SMG Group, LLC and Wildcat LLC (each individually a Releasee and collectively, the Releasees ). 

(b) WHAT CLAIMS YOU ARE RELEASING AND WAIVING THE RIGHT TO ASSERT. By signing this Agreement, you are waiving the right to assert against the Releasees, or any of them, and are releasing the Releasees of and from, any and all manner of actions and causes of action (in law or in equity), suits, debts, judgments, liens, contracts, interests, agreements, promises, claims, demands, damages, charges, losses, costs and expenses, of any nature whatsoever, known or unknown, fixed or contingent, which you ever had, now have or may hereafter have against the Releasees, or any of them, by reason of any matter, cause, act or thing whatsoever. This Release also includes, without limitation, any breach of contract claims, estoppel claims, claims of impairment of economic opportunity, interference with contractual relations, infliction of emotional harm or any other tort claims, contract claims, claims for compensation, claims for any bonus compensation (including, but not limited to, any bonus compensation under any Company. CrossAmerica Partners LP or other bonus program), claims for benefits (including but not limited to any accrued PTO), claims of discrimination, harassment or retaliation, as well as any claims which you had, have and/or may have against the Releasees, or any of them, arising out of, related to or in any way connected with your employment, termination of employment and/or any term or condition of your employment with the Company and/or any of the Releasees. Moreover, you acknowledge that, including receipt of the payments specifically described in this Agreement, you have received all compensation to which you are entitled. 

(c) WHAT POTENTIAL STATUTORY CLAIMS YOU ARE RELEASING AND WAIVING BY SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT. By entering into this Agreement, you are 

waiving, and releasing the Releasees of, any and all claims under various federal, state and/or local constitutions, statutes, regulations, ordinances and other laws, and all applicable amendments to those laws, including, but not limited to, the following: 

(i)	the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act, 
 
 	(ii)	Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 
 
 	(iii)	the Equal Pay Act, 
 
 	(iv)	the Families First Coronavirus Response Act, 
 
 	(v)	the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, 
 
 	(vi)	 Section 1981 of the Civil Rights Act of 1866 , 
 
 	(vii)	the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, 
 
 	(viii)	the Family and Medical Leave Act, 
 
 	(ix)	the Pennsylvania Human Relations Act, 
 
 	(x)	the Pennsylvania Minimum Wage Act, 
 
 	(xi)	the Pennsylvania Wage Payment and Collection Act, 
 
 	(xii)	the common law of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, and 
 
 	(xiii)	any and all other applicable federal, state and/or local ordinances, 						statutes, regulations, or common law. 
 
 (d) Without limiting the scope of the preceding paragraphs (b) and (c), you acknowledge and agree that any right or claim under any federal, state and/or local ordinance, statute, regulation or common law, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, arising out of or relating to your employment or termination of employment with the Company is hereby forever released and waived. 

(e) By signing this Agreement, you acknowledge that you understand and agree that you are waiving any claims under the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ), as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act OWBPA ), and you further understand, acknowledge, and agree that: 

(i)	in exchange for signing this Agreement, you are receiving the Supplemental Benefit, which you acknowledge is a thing of value in addition to anything of value to which you otherwise would have been entitled; and 

(ii)	you fully understand the terms of this Agreement, and you enter into it voluntarily without any coercion on the part of any person or entity; and 
 
 (iii)	you were given adequate time to consider all implications and to freely and fully consult with and seek the advice of whomsoever you deemed appropriate, including an attorney of your choice, and you have done so; and 
 
 (iv)	you represent that you have carefully read and fully understand all of the provisions, terms, and effects of this Agreement; and 
 
 (v)	you should consult with an attorney before signing this Agreement, and you were advised in writing by way of this letter to consult an attorney before signing this Agreement; and 
 
 	(vi)	you were advised by way of this letter that you have twenty-one (21) calendar days from the receipt of this letter within which to consider this Agreement before signing and accepting it. If you execute this Agreement at any time prior to the end of the twenty-one (21) day period, you acknowledge and represent that such signing of the Agreement was a knowing and voluntary waiver of your right to consider this Agreement for at least twenty-one (21) days, and was due to your belief that you had ample time in which to consider, understand, and review with an attorney the terms of this Agreement; and 
 
 	(vii)	you have seven (7) calendar days after executing this Agreement within which to revoke your acceptance of this Agreement. This Agreement shall not become effective or enforceable until the eighth day following your execution of this Agreement. If the seventh (7th) day following your execution of this Agreement is a weekend or national holiday, you have until the next business day to revoke. If you elect to revoke this Agreement, you understand, acknowledge, and agree that you will notify Sharon Hall, Director of Human Resources, VUC Inc., 645 Hamilton Street, Suite 500, Allentown, PA 18101, in writing, of your revocation. You understand, acknowledge, and agree that any determination of whether your revocation was timely shall be determined by the date of actual receipt of your revocation notice by Sharon Hall. 
 
 (f) WHAT POTENTIAL CLAIMS ARE EXCLUDED FROM THIS RELEASE AND WAIVER. The following claims are excluded from the Release and Waiver Provisions of this Agreement: (i) any claim that cannot be released by law; (ii) any claim that arises after the date you sign this Agreement, (iii) any claim for vested benefits, as described herein; and (iv) any claim that some term of this Agreement has been violated by the Releasees or any of them. 

(g) You acknowledge and agree that your receipt of the Supplemental Benefit as provided for in this Agreement is in addition to anything of value to which you otherwise would have been entitled. You acknowledge and agree that you reported any and all injuries that may have occurred within the course and scope of, arisen out of, or otherwise related to your employment with the Company, if any. You hereby covenant to refrain from, directly or indirectly, asserting any claim or demand, or commencing, instituting or causing to be commenced, any 

proceeding of any kind against the Releasees or any of them, based upon any matter purported to be released hereby, including the matters released under the Release and Waiver Provisions. You further agree not to disparage the Releasees or any of them in any manner and/or for any purpose.	 

(h) VOLUNTARY AGREEMENT AND REPRESENTATION OF NO FILINGS. 

YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT INCLUDING THE RELEASE AND WAIVER PROVISIONS AND THAT YOU ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT VOLUNTARILY WITHOUT ANY COERCION ON THE PART OF ANY PERSON; AND THAT YOU HAVE HAD ADEQUATE TIME TO CONSIDER ALL IMPLICATIONS AND TO FREELY AND FULLY CONSULT WITH AND SEEK THE ADVICE OF ANY IMMEDIATE FAMILY MEMBER, ATTORNEY, ACCOUNTANT OR TAX ADVISOR YOU DEEMED APPROPRIATE, SUBJECT TO THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ELSEWHERE IN THIS DOCUMENT. 
 To the full extent permitted by law, you represent that you have not filed, will not file and will not authorize any third party acting on your behalf to file, any suits, charges, claims or the like regarding your employment by, or separation of employment from the Company or any other Releasees. Although it is recognized that the right to file a claim under certain federal statutes cannot be waived, you agree to forego any personal recovery to the full extent permitted by law. To the extent that you or any third party does seek redress for any claim covered and released by this Agreement, and a settlement or judgment of said claim is reached or entered, you shall designate the Company as the recipient of any such monies allocated to you by the payor or, if that is not possible, you shall pay to the Company the amount received from the payor within seventy-two (72) hours of your receipt of said monies. 
 (i) RETENTION OF RIGHTS REGARDING GOVERNMENT AGENCIES. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provisions herein, nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or shall, limit or interfere, in any way, with your right or ability, under federal, state, or local law, to file or initiate a charge, claim, or complaint of discrimination, or any other unlawful employment practice, that cannot legally be waived, or to communicate with any federal, state, or local government agency charged with the enforcement and/or investigation of claims of unlawful employment practices, including but not limited to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and any state or city fair employment practices agency. Further, nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or shall, limit or interfere, in any way, with your right or ability to participate in or cooperate with any investigation or proceeding conducted by any such agency. Further, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as, or shall interfere with, abridge, limit, restrain, or restrict your right to engage in any activity or conduct protected by Section 7 or any other provision of the National Labor Relations Act, or to report possible violations of federal, state, or local law or regulation to any government agency or entity. You and the Company acknowledge and agree that your right and ability to engage and participate in the activities described in this paragraph shall not be limited or abridged, in any way, by any term, condition, or provision of, or obligation imposed by, this Agreement, including but not limited to the confidentiality clause herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you understand that the waivers and releases in this Agreement shall be construed and enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. You also understand and acknowledge that, by signing this Agreement, you have waived your right to receive any individual relief to the full extent permitted by law, including monetary 

damages, in connection with any such claim, charge, complaint, investigation, or proceeding described in this paragraph, and if you are awarded individual relief and/or monetary damages in connection therewith, you hereby unconditionally assign to the Company to the full extent permitted by law, and agree to undertake any and all measures necessary to effectuate such assignment of, any right or interest you may have to receive such individual relief and/or monetary damages. 

Confidentiality 
 
 As a further condition of receiving the Supplemental Benefit, you understand, acknowledge, and agree as follows: 
 
 (a)	You will not use, publish, or disclose (or authorize anyone else to use, publish or disclose) any Proprietary Information of the Company or the Releasees, except by court order or as required by law. The term Proprietary Information as used in this Agreement means any information of a confidential or proprietary or non-public nature relating to the business, financial condition and/or operations of the Company or the Releasees, including, without limitation, financial statements of the Company or the Releasees and supplementary information and documents concerning its or their operations; accounts receivable and payable; principal contracts; personnel; compilations of information, models and reports concerning its or their product offerings, and any other of its or their technical and proprietary data; customer and prospect lists; sales techniques, marketing surveys and data; supplier arrangements; pricing and profit margins; and methods of operations; 
 
 (b)	You will not use, publish, or otherwise divulge any trade secrets, as defined by applicable law, of the Company or the Releasees. Irrespective of whether or not you elect to accept the Supplemental Benefit, you are already legally bound not to divulge trade secrets, and, in signing this Agreement, you hereby reaffirm your obligations relative to information, including any formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, or process, that derives independent economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and which is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy; 
 
 (c)	Notwithstanding whether the Company or its affiliates makes any disclosure of this Agreement or its terms, you understand that it is a condition of the offer set forth in this Agreement that by accepting this offer, you agree to keep the terms, amounts set forth above and existence of this Agreement confidential (provided, however, that nothing contained in this paragraph shall preclude you from disclosing any such information concerning this letter (i) to your attorneys, accountants, tax and financial advisors or spouse provided that such individuals agree to keep such information completely confidential and not to disclose it to others; (ii) by court order or as required by law; or (iii) if necessary, to enforce the terms of this Agreement); and 
 
 (d)	You understand that your failure to adhere to all of the foregoing restrictions may be treated as a breach of this Agreement, after you have agreed to be bound by its terms, as well as of your common law duties to the Company, and could result in revocation of the offer contained 

in this Agreement, recapture by the Company of any monies already paid pursuant to this Agreement, after you have agreed to be bound by its terms, or other claims against you, both in the form of money damages and/or injunctive relief. 
 
 (e)	Notwithstanding the foregoing, an individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret, as defined by applicable law, that is made in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official or to an attorney solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law. An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. An individual who files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if the individual files any document containing the trade secret under seal and does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. 
 
 General Notices, Terms and Conditions 
 	By agreeing to the terms of this Agreement, you are acknowledging and agreeing to the following additional terms: 
 (a) That you resign from all offices you hold with any entity affiliated with the Company and CrossAmerica Partners LP, effective as of the Separation Date, and will either execute, or consent to our application of your electronic signature on, the resignation form attached as Exhibit A hereto. To the extent of any governmental licenses or permits for which you had been named as an officer or representative of the Company (or its affiliates), you agree to coordinate with us to effectuate your removal from such licensing or permitting matters, if and as necessary. 

(b) That, in the event the Company (or any of its affiliates) becomes involved in investigations or legal proceedings of any nature, related directly or indirectly to events which occurred during your employment and about which you have personal knowledge, you agree that you will, at any future time, be available upon reasonable notice from the Company, with or without subpoena, to answer discovery requests, give depositions, or testify, with respect to matters of which you have or may have knowledge as a result of or in connection with your employment relationship with the Company. You further agree that you will truthfully, forthrightly, and completely provide the information requested. You further agree that you will not be compensated in any way by the Company for your cooperation with the Company in connection with any litigation or other activity covered by this paragraph, except that you shall be reimbursed as permitted by law for any reasonable expenses that you incur in providing testimony or other assistance to the Company under this paragraph. If you are (i) specifically made aware of any non-public proceedings or non public matters related to the Company, (ii) requested in writing by a third party to provide non-public information regarding the Company, or (iii) called by a third party as a witness to testify in any matter related to the Company, you will promptly notify the Company to give it a reasonable opportunity to respond. 

(c) That you will not transact in securities of CrossAmerica Partners LP for a period of six (6) months following the Separation Date. In this regard, while the Company or its 

representatives and counsel do not represent you and cannot provide you with legal advice, please be advised that restrictions in the CrossAmerica Insider Trading Policy may continue to apply to you even after your resignation. In that regard, although you are no longer an officer in service of CrossAmerica, certain U.S. securities laws and regulations still may apply to you for a period of time following your resignation, including laws and regulations regarding insider trading and the applicability of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the related Form 4 filing requirements. If you have questions about these items, please consult with counsel and, if needed, contact the Company. If you conduct transactions in CrossAmerica Partners LP securities during a period of time in which you are covered by the Insider Trading Policy and/or the U.S. securities laws and regulations and it results in any violations, penalties, fines, investigations, legal expenses, or any other costs of any kind, all such costs will be your obligation to reimburse the Company. 

(d) That you will not provide information or issue statements regarding the Company or any other Releasees or take any action that would cause the Company or any other Releasees embarrassment or humiliation or otherwise cause or contribute to the Company or any other Releasees being held in disrepute; 

(e) That this Agreement sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between you and the Company with respect to the subject of your employment by and separation of employment from the Company. Notwithstanding the above, any arbitration, confidentiality, non-solicitation, and non-disparagement agreements that you signed during your employment shall remain in full force and effect; 

(f) That the provisions of this Agreement are both reasonable and enforceable, but the provisions are severable, and the invalidity of any one or more provisions shall not affect or limit the enforceability of the remaining provisions. Should any provision be held unenforceable for any reason, then such provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law. Notwithstanding the language of this paragraph, you will repay to the Company the sums paid to you pursuant to numbered paragraphs under Supplemental Benefits of this Agreement (less One Thousand Dollars 1,000.00)) upon written request by the Company should this Agreement (or any portions thereof) be found unenforceable; 

(g) That the terms and effect of this Agreement shall be interpreted, enforced and governed under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania; 

(h) That any and all actions and proceedings arising out of, connected with, or relating to this Agreement, whether brought by you or the Company, will be brought exclusively in the state and federal courts located in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania; and that you and the Company hereby expressly consent to the jurisdiction and venue of such courts and waive any defense based on the forum not being convenient; 

(i) That you acknowledge you have had the opportunity to consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement and that you are fully aware of your rights and have carefully read and fully understand all provisions of this Agreement before signing it; and 

(j) That you acknowledge and agree that this Agreement may be executed in counterparts including, without limitation, by electronic signature, facsimile, portable document format (PDF), DocuSign, or otherwise, which shall be taken together and shall have the same force and effect as original signatures. 

[ Continued on next page. ] 

Evan, if the terms of this Agreement, including the Release and Waiver Provisions set forth above, are acceptable to you, please sign, date and return the enclosed copy of this Agreement to Sharon Hall, Director of Human Resources, VUC Inc., 645 Hamilton Street, Suite 500, Allentown, PA 18101, within twenty-two (22) days of the receipt of this Agreement. 
 	If you have any questions about the content or intent of this Agreement, please feel free to ask me. We wish you the best for your future endeavors. 
 					 					Very truly yours, 
 					VUC INC. 
 
 					By: /s/ Keenan Lynch 	 				 
 						Keenan Lynch 
 						General Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer 

I ACCEPT THE OFFER CONTAINED IN THIS 
 AGREEMENT. I HAVE READ AND FULLY 
 UNDERSTOOD THIS AGREEMENT. I AGREE TO 
 ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, 
 INCLUDING THE RELEASE AND WAIVER 
 PROVISIONS, AND I INTEND TO BE LEGALLY 
 BOUND THEREBY. 
 
 /s/ Matthew Evan Naylor 
 Matthew Evan Naylor 
 
 Date: 11/30/22 

EXHIBIT A 
 
 [See Attached Officer Resignation Letter] 

OFFICER RESIGNATION 

CrossAmerica Partners LP 
 645 Hamilton Street, Suite 400 
 Allentown, PA 18101 
 Attn.: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Effective immediately, I hereby resign all positions that I currently hold as an officer of any subsidiary of CrossAmerica Partners LP, in each case, without the need of acceptance or further action by CrossAmerica Partners LP or any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 Dated as of November 18, 2022. 

/s/ Matthew Evan Naylor 
 						Matthew Evan Naylor 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 6
 capl-ex21_1.htm
 EX-21.1 SUBSIDIARY LISTING

EX-21 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP ENTITIES 

NAME OF ENTITY 
 Jurisdiction 

CAP OPERATIONS, INC. 
 Delaware 

CAP WEST VIRGINIA HOLDINGS, LLC 
 Delaware 

CAPL JKM HOLDINGS LLC 
 Delaware 

CAPL JKM PARTNERS LLC 
 Delaware 

CAPL JKM REALTY HOLDINGS LLC 
 Delaware 

CAPL JKM WHOLESALE LLC 
 Delaware 

CAPL RETAIL LLC 
 Delaware 

COBBLER S CREEK LLC 
 Delaware 

CROSSAMERICA PARTNERS LP 
 Delaware 

DELG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

ERICKSON OIL PRODUCTS, INC. 
 Wisconsin 

EXPRESS LANE, INC. 
 Florida 

FLLG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

FREEDOM VALU CENTERS, INC. 
 Wisconsin 

HARLEYSVILLE GAS STATION, LLC 
 Delaware 

JOE S KWIK MARTS LLC 
 Delaware 

JOE S KWIK MARTS MA LLC 
 Massachusetts 

KYLG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

LANSDALE GAS STATION LLC 
 Delaware 

LEHIGH GAS WHOELSALE LLC 
 Delaware 

LEHIGH GAS WHOLESALE SERVICES, INC. 
 Delaware 

LGP OPERATIONS LLC 
 Delaware 

LGP REALTY HOLDINGS GP LLC 
 Delaware 

LGP REALTY HOLDINGS LP 
 Delaware 

M J OPERATIONS, LLC 
 West Virginia 

MALG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

MALG - UST II, LLC 
 Delaware 

MELG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

MINNESOTA NICE HOLDINGS INC. 
 Delaware 

NHLG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

NJLG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

NTI DROP DOWN ONE, LLC 
 Delaware 

NTI DROP DOWN THREE, LLC 
 Delaware 

NTI DROP DOWN TWO, LLC 
 Delaware 

NYLG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

OHLG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

PALG UST I, LLC 
 Delaware 

PALG UST II, LLC 
 Delaware 

PALG UST III, LLC 
 Delaware 

PALG UST IV, LLC 
 Delaware 

PALG UST V, LLV 
 Delaware 

PALG UST VI, LLC 
 Delaware 

PALG UST VII, LLC 
 Delaware 

PALG UST VIII, LLC 
 Delaware 

PALG UST IX, LLC 
 Delaware 

PETROLEUM MARKETERS, INCORPORATED 
 Virginia 

PM PROPERTIES, INC. 
 Virginia 

PM TERMINALS, INC. 
 Virginia 

PM TRANSPORT, INC. 
 Virginia 

STOP IN FOOD STORES, INC. 
 Virginia 

100 EAST UWCHLAN AVE. EXTON, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

1001 BALTIMORE AVE. EAST LANDSDOWNE, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

103 N. POTTSTOWN PIKE EXTON, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

1130 BALTIMORE PIKE GLEN MILLS, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

1229 MCDADE BLVD. WOODLYN, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

123 NORTH PINE LANGHORNE, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

1266 E. OLD LINCOLN HWY. LANGHORNE, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

1595 CENTRAL AVE COLONIE, LLC 
 New York 

200 W. MONTGOMERY AVE. ARDMORE, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

201 W. GERMANTOWN PIKE NORRISTOWN, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

2306 LYCOMING CREEK ROAD WILLIAMSPORT, LLC 
 Delaware 

2311 N TRIPHAMMER RD LANSING, LLC 
 New York 

234-248 N. 63RD ST. PHILADELPHIA, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

2401 HAVERFORD ROAD ARDMORE, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

2405 ROUTE 286, PITTSBURGH, LLC 
 Delaware 

2501 BRIGHTON AVE PITTSBURGH, LLC 
 Delaware 

301 S. KEMP ST. LYONS, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

3221 ROUTE 22 BRANCHBURG, LLC 
 Delaware 

3300 GRAYS FERRY AVE LLC 
 Delaware 

4200 WHITAKER AVE. PHILADELPHIA, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

4616 MCKNIGHT RD PITTSBURGH, LLC 
 Delaware 

4640 CHESTNUT ST LLC 
 Delaware 

5110 CITY LINE AVE LLC 
 Delaware 

5250 TORRESDALE AVE., PHILADELPHIA, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

528 ALTAMONT BOULEVARD FRACKVILLE, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

5700 HOMEVILLE RD WEST MIFFLIN, LLC 
 Delaware 

5716 HULMEVILLE ROAD BENSALEM, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

6101 PASSYUNK AVENUE LLC 
 Delaware 

615 S BROAD ST LLC 
 Delaware 

7000 FRANKFURT AVE LLC 
 Delaware 

7424 WEST CHESTER PIKE UPPER DARBY, LLC 
 Pennsylvania 

799 VALLEY FORGE PHOENIXVILLE LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 capl-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We have issued our reports dated February 27, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and internal control over financial reporting included in the Annual Report of CrossAmerica Partners LP on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statement of CrossAmerica Partners LP on Form S-8 (File No. 333-184651 and File No 333-267997). 
 /s/ GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 Arlington, Virginia 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 capl-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1 CEO SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Charles M. Nifong, Jr., certify that: 
 	 
 1. 	 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CrossAmerica Partners LP; 
 2. 	 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 	 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 	 
 a. 	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. 	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. 	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. 	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. 	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. 	 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

CrossAmerica GP LLC 

(as General Partner of CrossAmerica Partners LP) 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 capl-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2 CFO SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Maura Topper, certify that: 
 	 
 1. 	 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CrossAmerica Partners LP; 
 2. 	 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. 	 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a. 	 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 b. 	 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 c. 	 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 d. 	 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 5. 	 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a. 	 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 b. 	 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Maura Topper 

Maura Topper Chief Financial Officer CrossAmerica GP LLC (as General Partner of CrossAmerica Partners LP) 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 capl-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1 CEO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CrossAmerica Partners LP (the Partnership for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Charles M. Nifong, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of CrossAmerica GP LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge: 
 (1) 	 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) 	 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

Charles M. Nifong, Jr. 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

CrossAmerica GP LLC 

(as General Partner of CrossAmerica Partners LP) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1964, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 11
 capl-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2 CFO SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CrossAmerica Partners LP (the Partnership for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Maura Topper, Chief Financial Officer of CrossAmerica GP LLC, the General Partner of the Partnership, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that, to my knowledge: 
 	 
 (1) 	 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 
 (2) 	 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Partnership. 
 Date: February 27, 2023 

/s/ Maura Topper 

Maura Topper Chief Financial Officer CrossAmerica GP LLC (as General Partner of CrossAmerica Partners LP) 

This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1964, as amended. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 capl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 capl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 capl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 capl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 capl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

