<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1593204_0001640334-23-000444.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1471747</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>55731</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>309788</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>393793</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>278978</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>402200</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001640334-23-000444.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327110733
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001640334-23-000444
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		36
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Huaizhong Health Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001593204
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				901020141
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55369
		FILM NUMBER:		23762089

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TIANAN TECHNOLOGY PARK, 13/F HEADQUARTER
		STREET 2:		CENTER BUILDING 16, 555 PANYU NORTH AVE
		CITY:			PANYU DISTRICT, GUANGZHOU CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		86 (20) 2982 9356

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		TIANAN TECHNOLOGY PARK, 13/F HEADQUARTER
		STREET 2:		CENTER BUILDING 16, 555 PANYU NORTH AVE
		CITY:			PANYU DISTRICT, GUANGZHOU CITY
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			00000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Adaiah Distribution Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001640334-23-000444.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 huaizhong_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

huaizhong_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ______________ to______________ Commission file number (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of registrant s principal executive offices) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: + Not Applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such fi les). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on April 30, 2022, the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was approximately ,based on the closing stock price at 2.72 per share. As of March , 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 3 PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 5 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 5 Item 2. Properties 5 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 5 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 5 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 6 Item 6. [Reserved] 6 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations 7 Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk 9 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 9 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 9 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 9 Item 9B. Other Information. 10 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 10 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. 11 Item 11. Executive Compensation 12 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 13 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence 14 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 14 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 15 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 15 Signatures 16 2 Table of Contents FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This report contains forward-looking statements. The Securities and Exchange Commission encourages companies to disclose forward-looking information so that investors can better understand a company s future prospects and make informed investment decisions. This report and other written and oral statements that we make from time to time contain such forward-looking statements that set out anticipated results based on management s plans and assumptions regarding future events or performance. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify such statements by using words such as anticipate, estimate, expect, project, intend, plan, believe, will and similar expressions in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial performance. In particular, these include statements relating to future actions, future performance or results of current and anticipated sales efforts, expenses, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results. We caution that the factors described herein and other factors could cause our actual results of operations and financial condition to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements we make and that investors should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which such statement is made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances. New factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of such factors. Further, we cannot assess the impact of each such factor on our results of operations or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. CERTAIN TERMS USED IN THIS REPORT As used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , Huaizhong , Adaiah , Adaiah Distribution, Inc. mean Huaizhong Health Group, Inc. ., unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 3 Table of Contents PART I Item 1. Business Overview Huaizhong Heath Group, Inc. is a for profit corporation established under the corporation laws in the State of Nevada, United States of America on September 12, 2013, originally incorporated as Adaiah Distribution, Inc. Effective December 15, 2020, the company changed its operation name to Huaizhong Health Group, Inc. The Company s fiscal year end is October 31. The Company was in the development phase of its custom pillow distribution business. During the third fiscal quarter ending July 31,2018 the Company had ceased its operations of its Pillow manufacturing and sales. We have since changed our focus to looking for other business opportunities to implement and/or operating companies with which to engage in a business combination. On April 25, 2019, the eighth judicial District Court of Nevada appointed Yosef Yafe as custodian for the Company, proper notice having been given. There was no opposition. Pursuant to the Order of Custodianship, a Special Meeting of Shareholders was held on May 29,2019 at 8:00 a.m. PST, Yosef Yafe as limited custodian. Notice was sent May 13,2019 in compliance with Court Order. Present were Yosef (holding shares through Cede Co.) and two additional proxies also (holding shares through Cede Co.). A Special Meeting of the Board of Directors (by written consent) on May 31,2019 was held electing Yosef as all officers, and changing the Registered Agent to Holly, Driggs, Walch law firm. 4 Table of Contents Change of Control On August 12, 2020, Yosef Yafe (the Seller and Yuantong Wang (the Buyer entered into a stock purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Seller agreed to sell and the Buyer agreed to purchase an aggregate of 31,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 001 per share of the Company from the Seller for an aggregate purchase price of 300,000. The closing of the transactions contemplated by the SPA occurred on August 14, 2020. The purchase price was paid out of the Buyer s personal funds. As of the date referenced in this action, the Company had 31,518,466 shares of common stock outstanding. The securities purchased pursuant to the SPA represent 98.0 of the outstanding shares of common stock and 98.0 of the voting power of the Company. As contemplated by the SPA, Yosef Yafe resigned as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of the Company and Yuantong Wang was appointed as director, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, effective August 14, 2020. The foregoing changes to the Company s management and board of directors were in connection with the transactions consummated pursuant to the SPA and were not due to any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to its operations, policies or practices. We have not ever declared bankruptcy, been in receivership, or involved in any kind of legal proceeding. Employees We presently have no employees apart from Yuantong Wang, our sole officer and director. Offices Our president and director, Yuantong Wang currently takes care of our administrative duties from his office in Tianan Technology Park, 13/F Headquarter, Center Building 16, 555 Panyu North Ave., Panyu District, Guangzhou City, China, at no cost to the Company. Item 1A. Risk Factors Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 2. Properties We do not currently own any property. Our principal office is located at Tianan Technology Park, 13/F Headquarters Center Building 16, 555 Panyu North Ave, Panyu District, Guangzhou City, China. The office is provided by our president and director and no cost to us. Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time we may become involved in various legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business, including actions related to our intellectual property. Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we are currently not aware of any such legal proceedings or claims that we believe, either individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 5 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market for Securities Shares of our common stock are listed for quotation on the OTC Markets Group s Pink Open Market under the symbol ADAD. However, our shares are not actively traded and there is currently no established public trading market for our shares of common stock. Any quotations that do occur reflect inter dealer prices, without retail mark-up, mark-down or commission and may not represent actual transactions. ClearTrust, LLC at 16540 Pointe Village Dr., Suite 205, Lutz, Florida 33558 (Telephone: (813) 235-4490) is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. Security Holders As of March , 2023, there were approximately 38 registered stockholders, holding 31,518,466 shares of our issued and outstanding common stock. Dividend Policy We have never paid a cash dividend on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Equity Compensation Plans We have no existing equity compensation plan. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities During our fiscal year ended October 31, 2022, all sales of equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act were previously reported in a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers We did not purchase any of our shares of common stock or other securities during our fourth quarter of our fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. Item 6. [Reserved] 6 Table of Contents Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for fiscal years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and the related notes and the other financial information that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties, such as our plans, objectives, expectations, and intentions. Forward-looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results, or other developments. Forward-looking statements are based upon estimates, forecasts, and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Actual results and the timing of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including those set forth under the Risk Factors, Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, and Business sections in this Annual Report. We use words such as anticipate, estimate, plan, project, continuing, ongoing, expect, believe, intend, may, will, should, could, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Results of Operations The following summary of our results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements for the year ended October 31, 2022, which are included herein. Our operating results for the years ended October 31,2022 and 2021 and the changes between those periods for the respective items are summarized as follows: Year Ended October 31, 2022 2021 Change Operating expenses 29,171 30,829 (1,658 Net loss 29,171 30,829 (1,658 During the years ended October 31,2022 and 2021, no operating revenues were recorded. We had a net loss of 29,171 for the year ended October 31, 2022, and 30,829 for the year ended October 31, 2021. The decrease in net loss of 1,658 was primarily due to a decrease in operating expenses of 1,658. Operating expenses for the years ended October 31,2022 and 2021 were 29,171 and 30,829, respectively. During the year ended October 31,2022, the operating expenses, were primarily attributed to professional fees of 26,175, for maintaining reporting status with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and general administrative expenses of 2,996. During the year ended October 31, 2021, the operation expenses were primarily attributed to professional fees of 27,919 and general administrative expenses of 2,910. Balance Sheet Data: October 31, October 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash - - - Current Assets 1,250 - 1,250 Current Liabilities 80,722 50,301 30,421 Working Capital (Deficiency) (79,472 (50,301 (29,171 As of October 31, 2022, our current assets were 1,250, and our current liabilities were 80,722 which resulted in working capital deficiency of 79,472. As of October 31, 2022, current liabilities were comprised of 9,800 in accounts payable and 70,922 in due to related party, compared to 9,950 in accounts payable and 40,351 in due to related party as of October 31, 2021. As of October 31, 2022, our working capital deficiency increased by 29,171 from 50,301 on October 31, 2021, to 79,472 on October 31, 2022, primarily due to an increase in due to related party, for the payment of operating expenses. 7 Table of Contents Cash Flow Data: Year Ended October 31, 2022 2021 Change Cash used in operating activities (30,571 (31,792 1,221 Cash provided by investing activities - - - Cash provided by financing activities 30,571 31,792 (1,221 Net change in cash for period - - - Cash Flows from Operating Activities We have not generated positive cash flows from operating activities. For the year ended October 31, 2022, net cash flows used in operating activities was 30,571, consisting of a net loss of 29,171, increased by a decrease in accounts payable of 150 and increased in prepaid expenses of 1,250. For the year ended October 31, 2021, net cash flows used in operating activities was 31,792, consisting of a net loss of 30,829, increased by a decrease in accounts payable of 963. Cash Flows used in Investing Activities During the years ended October 31,2022 and 2021, we had no investing activities. Cash Flows from Financing Activities During the years ended October 31,2022 and 2021, the Company s sole officer and director advanced to the Company an amount of 30,571 and 31,792 by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company. Going Concern As of October 31, 2022, our Company had a net loss of 29,171 and has earned no operating revenues. Our Company intends to fund operations through debt and/or equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending October 31, 2023. The ability of our Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of our business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings or through debt financing. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about our Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Critical Accounting Policies The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Preparing financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by management s application of accounting policies. We believe there are no material estimates or assumptions with levels of subjectivity and judgement necessary to be considered critical accounting policies. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to stockholders. 8 Table of Contents Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk Smaller reporting companies are not required to provide the information required by this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data The information required by this Item is incorporated herein by reference to the financial statements and supplementary data set forth in Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules of Part IV of this Annual Report. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of October 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of October 31,2022 due to the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies discussed below. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for the preparation of our financial statements and related information. Management uses its best judgment to ensure that the financial statements present fairly, in material respects, our financial position and results of operations in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles. Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in the Exchange Act. These internal controls are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the reported financial information is presented fairly, that disclosures are adequate and that the judgments inherent in the preparation of financial statements are reasonable. There are inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any system of internal controls including the possibility of human error and overriding of controls. Consequently, an ineffective internal control system can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance with respect to reporting financial information. Our internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to maintaining records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that the receipts and expenditures of company assets are made in accordance with our management and directors authorization; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention of or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Under the supervision of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and subsequent guidance prepared by the Commission specifically for smaller public companies as of October 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of October 31,2022 because it identified the following material weakness and significant deficiencies: 9 Table of Contents Material Weakness - The Company did not maintain effective controls over certain aspects of the financial reporting process because we lacked a sufficient complement of personnel with a level of accounting expertise and an adequate supervisory review structure that is commensurate with our financial reporting requirements. Significant Deficiencies - Inadequate segregation of duties. A material weakness is a deficiency or a combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim consolidated financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We expect to be materially dependent upon third parties to provide us with accounting consulting services for the foreseeable future which we believe mitigates the impact of the material weaknesses discussed above. Until such time as we have a chief financial officer with the requisite expertise in U.S. GAAP and establish an audit committee and implement internal controls and procedures, there are no assurances that the material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in our disclosure controls and procedures will not result in errors in our financial statements which could lead to a restatement of those financial statements. Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report on internal control over financial reporting in this annual report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended October 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information None Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable 10 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Directors and Executive Officers The following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our executive officers and directors as of the date of this annual report. Name and Address of Executive Officer and/or Director Age Position Date of First Appointment Yuantong Wang 54 Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Sole Director August 14, 2020 Business Experience The following is a brief description of the background on our sole officer and director. Yuantong Wang , 54, has been Chief Executive Officer of Guangzhou Huaizhong Health Technology Co., Ltd since October 2015. From December 2011 to September 2015, he served as the General Manager of Beijing Hengyikang Industry and Trade Co., Ltd. He earned a Diploma for Higher Education with a major in Library and Information Science from Tianjin Business School in 1989. Employment Agreement There are no other agreements to compensate any of the officers or directors for their services. Term of Office Each of our directors holds office until the next annual meeting of our stockholders or until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, or until his or her earlier death, resignation, or removal. There are no agreements with respect to the election of directors. We have not compensated our directors for service on our Board or reimbursed for expenses incurred for attendance at meetings of our Board. Our Board may in the future determine to pay directors fees and reimburse directors for expenses related to their activities as such Our executive officers are appointed by our Board and serve at the discretion of our Board or until they resign. Family Relationships No family relationship has ever existed between any director, executive officer of the Company, and any person contemplated to become such. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings None of our directors and executive officers has been involved in any legal or regulatory proceedings, as set forth in Item 401 of Regulation S-K, during the past ten years. Code of Ethics We have not adopted a code of ethics that applies to our officer, director and employee. When we do adopt a code of ethics, we will disclose it in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Board and Committee Meetings Our Board does not have any standing committees. All proceedings of the Board were conducted by resolutions consented to in writing by all the directors and filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the directors. Such resolutions consented to in writing by the directors entitled to vote on that resolution at a meeting of the directors are, according to the Nevada Business Corporation Act and our Bylaws, as valid and effective as if they had been passed at a meeting of the directors duly called and held. 11 Table of Contents Nomination Process As of October 31, 2022, we did not effect any material changes to the procedures by which our shareholders may recommend nominees to our Board. Our Board does not have a policy with regards to the consideration of any director candidates recommended by our shareholders. Our Board has determined that it is in the best position to evaluate our requirements as well as the qualifications of each candidate when the Board considers a nominee for a position on our Board. If shareholders wish to recommend candidates directly to our Board, they may do so by sending communications to our President at the address on the cover of this annual report. Audit Committee Currently our audit committee consists of our entire Board. We do not have a separately-designated standing audit committee as we currently have limited working capital and minimal revenues. Should we be able to raise sufficient funding to execute our business plan, we will form an audit, compensation committee and other applicable committees utilizing our directors expertise. From inception to present date, we believe that the members of our Board have been and are collectively capable of analyzing and evaluating our financial statements and understanding internal controls and procedures for financial reporting. Audit Committee Financial Expert We do not currently have an audit committee financial expert because we do not have an audit committee. We also do not have a director who is qualified to act as financial expert of an audit committee. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our executive officers and directors, and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common shares and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Based on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, and to the best of our knowledge, all executive officers, directors and persons holding greater than 10 of our issued and outstanding stock have filed the required reports in a timely manner during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2022. Item 11. Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table The following table sets forth certain compensation awarded to, earned by, or paid to the following named executive officers, which is defined as follows: (a) all individuals serving as our principal executive officer during the year ended October 31, 2022; and (b) each of our two other most highly compensated executive officers who were serving as executive officers at the end of the year ended October 31, 2022. 12 Table of Contents Name and Position Fiscal Year Salary ) Stock Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Yuantong Wang (1) , President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Treasurer and Director 2021 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- 2022 -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- -0- (1) Effective August 14,2020, Yuantong Wang was appointed as President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasure, and Director. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans We do not have, nor have ever had, any profit sharing, stock option or other similar equity compensation plans for the benefit of the directors, executive officers or employees. Compensation of Directors We do not have any agreements for compensating our directors for their services in their capacity as directors, although such directors are expected in the future to receive stock options to purchase shares of our common stock as awarded by our Board. No compensation was paid to non-employee directors for the year ended October 31, 2022. Pension, Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive officers, except that stock options may be granted at the discretion of the Board or a committee thereof. There are no compensatory plans or arrangements, including payments to be received from the Company, with respect to any former officers or directors which would in any way result in payments to any such person because of his or her resignation, retirement or other termination of such person s services with the Company, or any change in control of the Company, or a change in the person s responsibilities following a change in control of the Company. Indebtedness of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management None of our directors or executive officers or any associate or affiliate of ours during the last two fiscal years, is or has been indebted to us by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth certain information concerning the number of shares of our common stock owned beneficially as of March , 2023 by: (i) each person (including any group) known to us to own more than five percent (5 of any class of our voting securities, (ii) our director, and or (iii) our officer. Unless otherwise indicated, the stockholder listed possesses sole voting and investment power with respect to the shares shown. 13 Table of Contents Title of Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percentage (2) (3) Common stock Yuantong Wang 31,000,000 shares of common stock 98.4 All executive officers and directors as a group (1 person) 31,000,000 shares of common stock 98.4 _________ (1) Unless otherwise noted, the address of each beneficial owner is c/o Huaizhong Heath Group, Inc. Tianan Technology Park, 13/F Headquarters Center Building 16, 555 Panyu North Ave, Panyu District, Guangzhou City, China (2) The number and percentage of shares beneficially owned is determined under rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which the individual has sole or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within 60 days of the date as of which the information is provided, through the exercise of any stock option or other right. The persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to community property laws where applicable and the information contained in the footnotes to this table (3) Based on 31,518,466 issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock as of March , 2023 Change-in-Control Arrangements We do not know of any arrangements, which may, at a subsequent date, result in a change-in-control. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence Except as disclosed herein, no director, executive officer, shareholder holding at least 5 of shares of our common stock, or any family member thereof, had any material interest, direct or indirect, in any transaction, or proposed transaction since the year ended October 31, 2022, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or exceeds the lesser of 120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets at the year-end for the last two completed fiscal years. During the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s sole officer and director advanced to the Company an amount of 30,571 and 31,792 by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company, respectively. As of October 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company was obligated to the officer, for an unsecured, non-interest-bearing demand loan with a balance of 70,922 and 40,351, respectively. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The following table sets forth fees billed, or expected to be billed, to us by our independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended October 31, 2022 and 2021, for (i) services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and the review of our quarterly financial statements; (ii) services rendered that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements that are not reported as audit fees; (iii) services rendered in connection with tax preparation, compliance, advice and assistance; and (iv) all other services: Year ended October 31, 2022 Year ended October 31, 2021 Audit fees (1) 11,000 10,750 Audit-related fees - - Tax fees (2) 700 700 All other fees - - Total fees 11,700 11,450 (1) Audit fees consist of fees incurred for professional services rendered for the audit of financial statements, for reviews of our fiscal yearend financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and for services that are normally provided in connection with statutory or regulatory filings or engagements. (2) Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning, and tax advice. Our Board pre-approves all services provided by our independent auditors. All of the above services and fees were reviewed and approved by the Board either before or after the respective services were rendered. Our Board has considered the nature and amount of fees billed by our independent auditors and believes that the provision of services for activities unrelated to the audit is compatible with maintaining our independent auditors independence. 14 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on 10-K: (1) The financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Financial Statements on page F-1 and included on pages F-2 through F-10. (b) The following exhibits are filed herewith as a part of this report Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation (filed as an exhibit 3.1 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement on December 17, 2013) 3.2 Bylaws (filed as an exhibit 3.2 to our Form S-1 Registration Statement on December 17, 2013) 10.1 Form of Restricted Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 12, 2020, filed by the Company on Current Report Form 8-K, filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on August 20, 2020, and incorporated herein by reference. 31.1 / 31.2 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 / 32.2 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant Section 906 Certifications under Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101 Inline XBRL Document Set for the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 104 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. ________ Filed herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None 15 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. HUAIZHONG HEALTH GROUP, INC. Date: March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Yuantong Wang Yuantong Wang President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief financial Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 16 Table of Contents ADAIAH DISTRIBUTION, INC. INDEX TO AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR THE YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 31,2022 AND 2021 Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID NO: F-2 Balance Sheets as of October 31,2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended October 31,2022 and 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the years ended October 31,2022 and 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended October 31,2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents MICHAEL GILLESPIE ASSOCIATES, PLLC CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS 206.353.5736 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors Shareholders: Huaizhong Health Group, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Huaizhong health Group, Inc. as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders (deficit) and cash flows for the periods then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the periods then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, although the Company has limited operations it has yet to attain profitability. This raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in regard to these matters is also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. PCAOB ID: March 20, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents HUAIZHONG HEALTH GROUP, INC. Balance Sheets October 31, October 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash Prepaid expenses Total Current Assets Total Assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit Current Liabilities Accounts payable Due to related party Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Stockholders' Deficit Common stock: shares authorized; par value issued and outstanding Additional paid in capital Accumulated deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents HUAIZHONG HEALTH GROUP, INC. Statements of Operations Year Ended October 31, 2022 2021 Revenue Operating Expenses: Professional fees General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating Loss Net loss before taxes Income tax benefit Net Loss Net loss per common share, basic and diluted Basic and diluted weighted average common shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents HUAIZHONG HEALTH GROUP, INC. Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit For the Years Ended October 31,2022 and 2021 Additional Common Stock Paid in Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Deficit Total Balance - October 31, 2020 Net loss - Balance - October 31, 2021 Net loss - Balance - October 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents HUAIZHONG HEALTH GROUP, INC. Statement of Cash Flows Year Ended October 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss Changes in current assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Net cash used in operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Related party advances funding operations Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash for the period Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for income taxes Cash paid for interest The accompanying notes are an integral part of these audited financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents HUAIZHONG HEALTH GROUP, INC. Notes to the Financial Statements October 31, 2022 and 2021 and has not earned any revenues. The Company intends to fund operations through equity financing arrangements and related party advances, which may be insufficient to fund its capital expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements for the year ending October 31, 2023. The ability of the Company to emerge from an early stage is dependent upon, among other things, obtaining additional financing to continue operations, and development of its business plan. In response to these problems, management intends to raise additional funds through public or private placement offerings. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Use of Estimates Cash and Cash Equivalents F-7 Table of Contents Basic and Diluted Loss Per Common Share Income Taxes Recent Accounting Pronouncements shares of common stock authorized with a par value of per share. As of October 31, 2022, and 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. F-8 Table of Contents to the income tax amount recorded as of October 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: Effective tax rate Income Tax expense Less: valuation allowance Income Tax Expense Net deferred tax assets consist of the following components as of October 31,2022 and 2021: Valuation allowance Net deferred tax asset At October 31, 2022, the Company had of net operating losses NOLs ). NOLs generated in tax years prior to July 31, 2018, can be carryforward for twenty years, whereas NOLs generated after July 31, 2018 can be carryforward indefinitely. The NOL carry forwards are subject to certain limitations due to the change in control of the Company pursuant to Internal Revenue Code Section 382. The Company experienced a change in control for tax purposes in August 2020. Due to change of control, the Company will not be able to carryover approximately of NOL generated before August 12, 2020 to offset future income. and by paying for expenses on behalf of the Company, respectively. As of October 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company was obligated to the officer, for an unsecured, non-interest-bearing demand loan with a balance of and , respectively. by paying for operating expenses on behalf of the Company. F-9 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 huaizhong_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 huaizhong_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1/31.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT AND RULE 13A-14(A) OR 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Yuantong Wang, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Huaizhong Health Group, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have; (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent quarter (the registrant s fourth quarter) covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weakness in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. HUAIZHONG HEALTH GROUP, INC. Date: March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Yuantong Wang Yuantong Wang President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief financial Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 huaizhong_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 huaizhong_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1/32.2 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Huaizhong Health Group, Inc. (the Company for the year ended October 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Yuantong Wang, President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that; (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. HUAIZHONG HEALTH GROUP, INC. Date: March 27, 2023 By: /s/ Yuantong Wang Yuantong Wang President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 huaizhong-20221031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 huaizhong-20221031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 7
 huaizhong-20221031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 huaizhong-20221031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

