<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_924515_0001477932-23-001899.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9268517</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>291337</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1411834</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2532460</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2136702</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2669193</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-23-001899.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329180729
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-23-001899
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GUIDED THERAPEUTICS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000924515
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTROMEDICAL & ELECTROTHERAPEUTIC APPARATUS [3845]
		IRS NUMBER:				582029543
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22179
		FILM NUMBER:		23776500

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5835 PEACHTREE CORNERS EAST
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			PEACHTREE CORNERS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30092
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7702428723

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5835 PEACHTREE CORNERS EAST
		STREET 2:		SUITE B
		CITY:			PEACHTREE CORNERS
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30092

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SPECTRX INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19970226

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-23-001899.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 gthp_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

gthp_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT 1934 Commission File No. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days: No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): Large Accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13 (a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold on June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), was: . As of March 27, 2023, the registrant had shares of Common Stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. (PCAOB ID GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K TABLE OF CONTENTS PART I Page Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 12 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 24 Item 2. Properties 24 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 24 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 24 PART II 25 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 25 Item 6. Reserved 26 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 31 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 32 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 75 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 75 Item 9B. Other Information 75 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 75 PART III 76 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 76 Item 11. Executive Compensation 78 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 79 Item 13. Certain relationships and related transactions and director independence 79 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 84 PART IV 85 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 85 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary SIGNATURES 90 2 Table of Contents When we use the terms Guided, Guided Therapeutics, we, us, or our, we are referring to Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context otherwise requires. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes certain statements that are not historical facts that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation. We use words such as anticipate, continue, likely, estimate, expect, may, will, projection, should, believe, potential, could, or similar words suggesting future outcomes (including negative and grammatical variations) to identify forward-looking statements. These statements include statements regarding the following, among other things: access to sufficient debt or equity capital to meet our operating and financial needs; the extent of dilution of the holdings of our existing stockholders upon the issuance, conversion or exercise of securities issued as part of our capital raising efforts; the extent to which certain debt holders may call the notes to be paid; the effectiveness and ultimate market acceptance of our products and our ability to generate sufficient sales revenues to sustain our growth and strategy plans; whether our products in development will prove safe, feasible and effective; whether and when we or any potential strategic partners will obtain required regulatory approvals in the markets in which we plan to operate; our need to achieve manufacturing scale-up in a timely manner, and our need to provide for the efficient manufacturing of sufficient quantities of our products; the lack of immediate alternate sources of supply for some critical components of our products; our ability to establish and protect the proprietary information on which we base our products, including our patent and intellectual property position; the current outbreak of the Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, the pathogen responsible for COVID-19, which has already had an impact on financial markets, could result in additional repercussions in our operating business, including but not limited to, the sourcing of materials for product candidates, manufacture of supplies for preclinical and/or clinical studies, delays in clinical operations, which may include the availability or the continued availability of patients for trials due to such things as quarantines, conduct of patient monitoring and clinical trial data retrieval at investigational study sites; the future impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, and we cannot provide any assurance that the outbreak will not have a material adverse impact on our operations or future results or filings with regulatory health authorities. The extent of the impact, if any, we will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain the coronavirus; the impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine on economic conditions in general and on our business and operations; the need to fully develop the marketing, distribution, customer service and technical support and other functions critical to the success of our product lines; the dependence on potential strategic partners or outside investors for funding, development assistance, clinical trials, distribution and marketing of some of our products; and other risks and uncertainties described from time to time in our reports filed with the SEC. These forward-looking statements reflect our management s beliefs and views with respect to future events and are based on estimates and assumptions as of the date of this filing and are subject to risks and uncertainties. We discuss many of these risks in greater detail under Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect thereto or with respect to other forward-looking statements. 3 Table of Contents P ART I Item 1. Business Overview We are a medical technology company focused on developing innovative medical devices that have the potential to improve healthcare. Our primary focus is the sales and marketing of our LuViva Advanced Cervical Scan non-invasive cervical cancer detection device. The underlying technology of LuViva primarily relates to the use of biophotonics for the non-invasive detection of cancers. LuViva is designed to identify cervical cancers and precancers painlessly, non-invasively and at the point of care by scanning the cervix with light, then analyzing the reflected and fluorescent light. LuViva is designed to provide a less invasive and painless alternative to conventional tests for cervical cancer screening and detection. Additionally, LuViva is designed to improve patient well-being not only because it eliminates pain, but also because it is convenient to use and provides rapid results at the point of care. We focus on two primary applications for LuViva: first, as a cancer screening tool in the developing world, where infrastructure to support traditional cancer-screening methods is limited or non-existent, and second, as a triage following traditional screening in the developed world, where a high number of false positive results cause a high rate of unnecessary and ultimately costly follow-up tests. Screening for cervical cancer represents one of the most significant demands on the practice of diagnostic medicine. As cervical cancer is linked to a sexually transmitted disease the human papillomavirus (HPV) every woman essentially becomes at risk for cervical cancer simply after becoming sexually active. In the developing world, there are approximately 2.0 billion women aged 15 and older who are potentially eligible for screening with LuViva. Guidelines for screening intervals vary across the world, but U.S. guidelines call for screening every three years. Traditionally, the Pap smear screening test, or Pap test, is the primary cervical cancer screening methodology in the developed world. However, in developing countries, cancer screening using Pap tests is expensive and requires infrastructure and skill not currently existing, and not likely to be developed in the near future, in these countries. We believe LuViva is the answer to the developing world s cervical cancer screening needs. Screening for cervical cancer in the developing world often requires working directly with foreign governments or non-governmental agencies (NGOs). By partnering with governments or NGOs, we can provide immediate access to cervical cancer detection to large segments of a nation s population as part of national or regional governmental healthcare programs, eliminating the need to develop expensive and resource-intensive infrastructures. In the developed world, we believe LuViva offers a more accurate and ultimately cost-effective triage medical device, to be used once a traditional Pap test or HPV test indicates the possibility of cervical cancer. Due to the high number of false positive results from Pap tests, traditional follow-on tests entail increased medical treatment costs. We believe these costs can be minimized by utilizing LuViva as a triage to determine whether and to what degree follow-on tests are warranted. We believe our non-invasive cervical cancer detection technology can be applied to the early detection of other cancers as well. For example, we have developed prototypes and conducted limited clinical studies using our biophotonic technology for the detection of esophageal cancer. We believe that skin cancer detection is also a promising target for our biophotonic technology, but currently we are focused primarily on the large-scale commercialization of LuViva. Corporate History We are a Delaware corporation, originally incorporated in 1992 under the name SpectRx, Inc., and, on February 22, 2008, changed our name to Guided Therapeutics, Inc. At the same time, we renamed our wholly owned subsidiary, InterScan, which originally had been incorporated as Guided Therapeutics, Inc. Our principal executive and operations facility is located at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092, and our telephone number is (770) 242-8723. 4 Table of Contents Our Potential Market The Developing World According to the most recent data published by the World Health Organization (WHO), cervical cancer is the fourth most frequent cancer in women worldwide, with an estimated 570,000 new cases in 2018, an increase of 40,000 cases from 2012. For women living in less developed regions, however, cervical cancer is the second most common cancer, and 9 out of 10 women who die from cervical cancer reside in low- and middle-income countries. In 2018, GLOBOCAN, the international cancer tracking agency, estimated that approximately 311,000 women died from cervical cancer, with 85 of these deaths occurring in low- and middle-income countries. As noted by the WHO, in developed countries, programs are in place that enable women to get screened, making most pre-cancerous lesions identifiable at stages when they can easily be treated. Early treatment prevents up to 80 of cervical cancers in these countries. In developing countries, however, limited access to effective screening means that the disease is often not identified until it is further advanced and symptoms develop. In addition, prospects for treatment of such late-stage disease may be poor, resulting in a higher rate of death from cervical cancer in these countries. We believe that the greatest need and market opportunity for LuViva lies in screening for cervical cancer in developing countries where the infrastructure for traditional screening may be limited or non-existent. In addition to private care markets, we are actively working with distributors in the following countries to implement government-sponsored screening programs: Turkey, Indonesia and several countries in Central and Eastern Europe. The number of screening candidates in those countries is approximately 155 million. The Developed World The Pap test, which involves a sample of cervical tissue being placed on a slide and observed in a laboratory, is currently the most common form of cervical cancer screening. Since the introduction of screening and diagnostic methods, the number of cervical cancer deaths in the developed world has declined dramatically, due mainly to the increased use of the Pap test. However, the Pap test has a wide variation in sensitivity, which is the ability to detect the disease, and specificity, which is the ability to exclude false positives. A study by Duke University for the U.S. Agency for Health Care Policy and Research published in 1999 showed Pap test performance ranging from a 22 -95 sensitivity and 78 -90 specificity, although new technologies improving the sensitivity and specificity of the Pap test have recently been introduced and are finding acceptance in the marketplace. Currently, about 50 million Pap tests are given annually in the United States, and combined with a pelvic exam as the standard of care, has an average price of approximately 380 per exam. After a Pap test returns a positive result for cervical cancer, accepted protocol calls for a visual examination of the cervix using a colposcope, usually followed by a biopsy, or tissue sampling, at one or more locations on the cervix. This method looks for visual changes attributable to cancer. There are about two million colposcope examinations annually in the United States and Europe. According to industry reports by MD Save and Costhelper Health, leading online medical service providers, the average cost of a colposcopy examination with biopsy in the United States is currently 943. Given this landscape, we believe that there is a material need and market opportunity for LuViva as a triage device in the developed world where LuViva represents a more cost-effective method of verifying a positive Pap test than the alternatives. 5 Table of Contents The LuViva Advanced Cervical Scan LuViva is designed to identify cervical cancers and precancers painlessly, non-invasively and at the point of care by scanning the cervix with light, then analyzing the light reflected from the cervix. The information presented by the light would be used to indicate the likelihood of cervical cancer or precancers. Our product, in addition to detecting the structural changes attributed to cervical cancer, is also designed to detect the biochemical changes that precede the development of visual lesions. In this way, cervical cancer may be detected earlier in its development, which should increase the chances of effective treatment. In addition to the device itself, operation of LuViva requires employment of our single-use, disposable calibration and alignment cervical guide. To date, thousands of women in multiple international clinical settings have been tested with LuViva. As a result, more than 25 papers and presentations have been published regarding LuViva in a clinical setting, including at the International Federation of Gynecology and Obstetrics Congress in London in 2015 and at the Indonesian National Obstetrics and Gynecology (POGI) Meeting in Solo in 2016. Internationally, we contract with country-specific or regional distributors. We believe that the international market will be significantly larger than the U.S. market due to the international demand for cervical cancer screening. We have executed formal distribution agreements covering over 40 countries, some of which have expired. We still have active contracts in place for countries including China and Southeast Asia (including Indonesia), Eastern Europe and Russia. In the short term, we intend to focus on other large markets such as those in the European Union, India and certain Latin American countries, such as Mexico. The ongoing conflict in Ukraine may delay filing and approval to market in Russia. We have previously obtained regulatory approval to sell LuViva in Europe under our Edition 3 CE Mark. Additionally, LuViva has also previously obtained marketing approval from Health Canada, COFEPRIS in Mexico, Ministry of Health in Kenya, which have all expired. Presently, we have marketing approval from India and the Singapore Health Sciences Authority. In addition, in 2018, we were approved for sales and marketing in India. We currently are seeking regulatory approval to market LuViva in the United States but have not yet received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). As of December 31, 2022, we have sold 144 LuViva devices and approximately 78,380 single-use-disposable cervical guides to international distributors. Our Strengths Currently, we are the only commercial stage company with a biophotonic technology that potentially addresses a large primary screening market and a potential R D pipeline that could improve the early detection of numerous cancers that afflict men and women. Key strengths include: The engineering and production risks have been largely addressed as we have sold 144 working systems worldwide. Regulatory approvals have been granted covering over 40 countries. We have legitimate pathways for securing marketing approvals in the two largest medical markets the US and China, within a 2-3 year period. The clinical results of our technology have been published in leading peer-reviewed journals by world famous, thought leading physicians. Our Business Strategy Our near-term goals are to accomplish the following over the next two years by pursuing the following strategies: Seek US FDA approval by completing a clinical trial. Contingent upon FDA approval, discuss opportunities to partner with a larger U.S. based company for distribution in the U.S. At the same time, we intend to build a small, dedicated sales force based near major metropolitan centers and focused on generating sales at large centralized Ob-Gyn practices. Seek Chinese FDA approval working with our existing partner in China, Shandong Medical Instrumentation Co. Ltd. Pursue regulatory approval in Russia and work with our partner in Central and Eastern Europe, Newmars Technology, Inc. to generate sales in Europe. Continue to selectively support sales through our distributors in large countries such as Indonesia. While we plan to pursue regulatory approval in Russia, the ongoing conflict in Ukraine may delay filing and approval to market. It does not affect any existing contracts with our distribution partner for Eastern Europe and Russia as they are focused more on countries less affected by the conflict in Ukraine. 6 Table of Contents Manufacturing, Sales and Distribution We manufacture LuViva at our Norcross, Georgia facility. Most of the components of LuViva are custom made for us by third-party manufacturers. We adhere to ISO 13485:2003 quality standards in our manufacturing processes. Our single-use cervical guides are manufactured by a vendor that specializes in injection molding of plastic medical products. On January 22, 2017, we entered into a license agreement with Shandong Yaohua Medical Instrument Corporation SMI ), as amended on March 28, 2017, pursuant to which we granted SMI an exclusive global license to manufacture the LuViva device and related disposables (subject to a carve-out for manufacture in Turkey). On December 18, 2018, we entered into a co-development agreement with Newmars Technologies, Inc. NTI ), whereby NTI will perform final assembly of the LuViva device for its contracted distribution countries in Eastern Europe and Russia at its ISO 13485 facility in Hungary. This additional carve out has been agreed to by SMI. On August 12, 2021 the Company entered into a second amendment with SMI pursuant to which the Company has continued to grant SMI exclusive distribution, sales and manufacturing rights of the LuViva for China, Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau. Under the terms of the amended agreement, the parties agreed that if by October 30, 2022, SMI fails to achieve commercialization of LuViva in China, SMI shall no longer have any rights to manufacture, distribute or sell LuViva. Although our Chinese partner SMI missed the date in the contract when they should have achieved commercialization, patients continued to be enrolled in the clinical study in China, which is sponsored and being paid for by SMI. On March 3, 2023, the Company entered into a third amendment with SMI pursuant to which the Company extended the deadline for SMI to achieve commercialization of LuViva in China to April 30, 2024. We rely on distributors to sell our products. Distributors can be country exclusive or cover multiple countries in a region. We manage these distributors, provide them marketing materials and train them to demonstrate and operate LuViva. We seek distributors that have experience in gynecology and in introducing new technology into their assigned territories. Currently, we rely on SMI in distributing our products in the People s Republic of China, Macau, Hong Kong and Taiwan; we rely on NTI in distributing our products in Eastern Europe and Russia. We have only limited experience in the production planning, quality system management, facility development, and production scaling that will be needed to bring production to increased sustained commercial levels. We will likely need to develop additional expertise in order to successfully manufacture, market, and distribute any future products. Research, Development and Engineering We have been engaged primarily in the research, development and testing of our LuViva non-invasive cervical cancer detection product and our core biophotonic technology. Since 2013, we have incurred approximately 8.2 million in research and development expenses, net of about 927,000 reimbursed through collaborative arrangements and government grants. Research and development costs were approximately 0.1 million in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Since 2013, we have focused our research and development and our engineering resources almost exclusively on development of our biophotonic technology, with only limited support of other programs funded through government contracts or third-party funding. Because our research and clinical development programs for other cancers are at a very early stage, substantial additional research and development and clinical trials will be necessary before we can produce commercial prototypes of other cancer detection products. Several of the components used in LuViva currently are available from only one supplier, and substitutes for these components could not be obtained easily or would require substantial modifications to our products. 7 Table of Contents Patents We have pursued a course of developing and acquiring patents and patent rights and licensing technology. Our success depends in large part on our ability to establish and maintain the proprietary nature of our technology through the patent process and to license from other s patents and patent applications necessary to develop our products. As of December 31, 2022, we have 41 granted U.S. and foreign patents, collectively, relating to our biophotonic cancer detection technology that were developed in-house and are owned by the Company. Ten (10) patents are still currently active and 31 have since expired. Currently, we do not own third party patents, nor do we make any outside payments for patents. Patents can be extended up to an additional five (5) years. However, patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act does not occur automatically and the patent owner must file an application with the USPTO requesting term extension within 60 days of obtaining FDA marketing approval. Patent No. Title Country Grant Date Expiration Date 6,792,982 Vacuum Source For Harvesting Substances US 09/21/04 07/23/23 7,174,927 Vacuum Source For Harvesting Substances US 02/13/07 09/03/24 7,301,629 Apparatus and Method for Determining Tissue Characteristics US 11/27/07 07/03/23 7,335,166 System And Methods For Fluid Extractions And Monitoring US 02/26/08 05/22/23 8,644,912 Method and Apparatus For Determining Tissue Characteristics US 02/04/14 08/22/31 8,781,560 Method and Apparatus For Rapid Detection and Diagnosis of Tissue Abnormalities US 07/15/14 07/14/31 9,561,003 Method and Apparatus For Rapid Detection and Diagnosis of Tissue Abnormalities US 02/07/17 03/05/34 D714453 Mobile Cart and Hand Held Unit for Diagnostics of Measurement US 09/30/14 09/30/28 D724199 Medical Diagnostic Stand Off Tube US 03/10/15 03/10/29 D746475 Mobile Cart and Hand Held Unit for Diagnostics or Measurement US 12/29/15 12/29/29 The Company has applied for two additional US patents, although there is no assurance that these patents will be granted. The Company s strategy is to continue improving its products and filing new patents to protect those improvements. In the United States, additional years of patent protection may be added (on a case-by-case basis) beyond the standard patent terms under the 1984 Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman act includes Section 156, which provides for the extension of the term of a granted patent (PTE) under certain circumstances. The intent behind Section 156 is to extend patent life to compensate patent holders for patent term lost while developing their product and awaiting FDA approval. The Company s patents qualify under Section 156 because LuViva has not yet been commercialized in the United States and it is being regulated by FDA as a Class III Medical Device. Employees and Consultants As of December 31, 2022, we had six regular employees and two consultants to provide services to us on a full- or part-time basis. No employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and we believe we maintain good relations with our employees. Our ability to operate successfully and manage our potential future growth depends in significant part upon the continued service of key scientific, technical, managerial and finance personnel, and our ability to attract and retain additional highly qualified personnel in these fields. Two of these key employees have an employment contract with us; none are covered by key person or similar insurance. In addition, if we are able to successfully develop and commercialize our products, we likely will need to hire additional scientific, technical, marketing, managerial and finance personnel. We face intense competition for qualified personnel in these areas, many of whom are often subject to competing employment offers. The loss of key personnel or our inability to hire and retain additional qualified personnel in the future could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 8 Table of Contents Competition The medical device industry in general and the markets for cervical cancer detection in particular, are intensely competitive. If successful in our product development, we will compete with other providers of cervical cancer detection and prevention products. Current cervical cancer screening and diagnostic tests, primarily the Pap test, HPV test, and colposcopy, are well established and pervasive. Improvements and new technologies for cervical cancer detection and prevention, such as Thin-Prep from Hologic and HPV testing from Qiagen, have led to other new competitors. In addition, there are other companies attempting to develop products using forms of biophotonic technologies in cervical cancer detection, such as Spectrascience, which has a very limited U.S. FDA approval to market its device for detection of cervical cancers but has not yet entered the market. The approval limits use of the Spectrascience device only after a colposcopy, as an adjunct. In addition to the Spectrascience device, there are other technologies that are seeking to enter the market as adjuncts to colposcopy, including devices from Dysis and Zedco. While these technologies are not direct competitors to LuViva, modifications to them or other new technologies will require us to develop devices that are more accurate, easier to use or less costly to administer so that our products have a competitive advantage. In April 2014, the U.S. FDA approved the use of the Roche cobas HPV test as a primary screener for cervical cancer. Using a sample of cervical cells, the cobas HPV test detects DNA from 14 high-risk HPV types. The test specifically identifies HPV 16 and HPV 18, while concurrently detecting 12 other types of high-risk HPVs. This could make HPV testing a competitor to the Pap test. However, due to its lower specificity, we believe that screening with HPV will increase the number of false positive results if widely adopted. In June 2006, the U.S. FDA approved the HPV vaccine Gardasil from drug maker Merck. Gardasil is a prophylactic HPV vaccine, meaning that it is designed to prevent the initial establishment of HPV infections. For maximum efficacy, it is recommended that girls receive the vaccine prior to becoming sexually active. Since Gardasil will not block infection with all of the HPV types that can cause cervical cancer, the vaccine should not be considered a substitute for routine Pap tests. On October 16, 2009, GlaxoSmithKline PLC was granted approval in the United States for a similar preventive HPV vaccine, known as Cervarix. Due to the limited availability and lack of 100 protection against all potentially cancer-causing strains of HPV, we believe that the vaccines will have a limited impact on the cervical cancer screening and diagnostic market for many years. Government Regulation The medical devices that we manufacture are subject to regulation by numerous regulatory bodies, including the Chinese FDA (recently renamed the Chinese National Medical Product Administration (NMPA)), the U.S. FDA, and comparable international regulatory agencies. These agencies require manufacturers of medical devices to comply with applicable laws and regulations governing the development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, marketing and distribution of medical devices. Devices are generally subject to varying levels of regulatory control, the most comprehensive of which requires that a clinical evaluation program be conducted before a device receives approval for commercial distribution. In the European Union, medical devices are required to comply with the Medical Devices Directive and obtain CE Mark certification in order to market medical devices. The CE Mark certification, granted following approval from an independent Notified Body, is an international symbol of adherence to quality assurance standards and compliance with applicable European Medical Devices Directives. From 2017 through 2019, we were unable to pay the annual registration fees to maintain our ISO 13485:2003 certification and our CE Mark. On December 21, 2018 we executed agreement with Newmars, described above, for final assembly of LuViva at their ISO 13485:2016 accredited facility. This allowed LuViva to be granted a CE Mark through the facility at Newmars, which was achieved in 2021, and both the ISO and CE Mark accreditations for LuViva are currently active. Thus, LuViva can be marketed in the European Union and other countries that honor the CE Mark. China has a regulatory regime similar to that of the European Union, but due to interaction with the U.S. regulatory regime, the NMPA also shares some similarities with its U.S. counterpart. Devices are classified by the NMPA s Center for Medical Device Evaluation (CMDE) into three categories based on medical risk, with the level of regulatory oversight determined by degree of risk and invasiveness. CMDE s device classifications and definitions are as follows: Class I device: The safety and effectiveness of the device can be ensured through routine administration. Class II device: Further control is required to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device. Class III device: The device is implanted into the human body; used for life support or sustenance; or poses potential risk to the human body, and thus must be strictly controlled in respect to safety and effectiveness. 9 Table of Contents Based on the above definitions and several discussions with regulatory consultants and potential partners, we believe that LuViva is most likely to be classified as a Class II device, however, this is not certain and the NMPA may determine that LuViva requires a Class III registration. Class III registrations are granted by the national NMPA office while Class I and II registrations occur at the provincial level. Typically, registration granted at the provincial level allows a medical device to be marketed in all of China s provinces. While Class I devices usually do not require clinical trial data from Chinese patients and Class III devices almost always do, Class II medical devices sometimes do and sometimes do not require Chinese clinical trials, and this determination may depend on the claim for the device and quality of clinical trials conducted outside of China. If clinical trials conducted in China are required, they usually are less burdensome for Class II devices than Class III devices. NMPA labs also conduct electrical, mechanical and electromagnetic emission safety testing for medical devices similar to those required for the CE Mark. As is the case with the U.S. FDA, manufacturers in China undergo periodic inspections and must comply with international quality standards such as ISO 13485 for medical devices. As part of our agreement with SMI, SMI will underwrite the cost of securing approval of LuViva with the NMPA. SMI has informed us in writing that LuViva has passed electrical, mechanical and electromagnetic emission safety testing for medical devices, which allows clinical trials to commence. In the United States, permission to distribute a new device generally can be met in one of two ways. The first process requires that a pre-market notification (510(k) Submission) be made to the U.S. FDA to demonstrate that the device is as safe and effective as, or substantially equivalent to, a legally marketed device that is not subject to premarket approval (PMA). A legally marketed device is a device that (1) was legally marketed prior to May 28, 1976, (2) has been reclassified from Class III to Class II or I, or (3) has been found to be substantially equivalent to another legally marketed device following a 510(k) Submission. The legally marketed device to which equivalence is drawn is known as the predicate device. Applicants must submit descriptive data and, when necessary, performance data to establish that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device. In some instances, data from human clinical studies must also be submitted in support of a 510(k) Submission. If so, the data must be collected in a manner that conforms with specific requirements in accordance with federal regulations. The U.S. FDA must issue an order finding substantial equivalence before commercial distribution can occur. Changes to existing devices covered by a 510(k) Submission which do not significantly affect safety or effectiveness can generally be made by us without additional 510(k) Submissions. The second process requires that an application for premarket approval (PMA) be made to the U.S. FDA to demonstrate that the device is safe and effective for its intended use as manufactured. This approval process applies to most Class III devices, including LuViva. In this case, two steps of U.S. FDA approval are generally required before marketing in the United States can begin. First, investigational device exemption (IDE) regulations must be complied with in connection with any human clinical investigation of the device in the United States. Second, the U.S. FDA must review the PMA application, which contains, among other things, clinical information acquired under the IDE. The U.S. FDA will approve the PMA application if it finds that there is a reasonable assurance that the device is safe and effective for its intended purpose. We completed enrollment in our U.S. FDA pivotal trial of LuViva in 2008 and, after the U.S. FDA requested two-years of follow-up data for patients enrolled in the study, the U.S. FDA accepted our completed PMA application on November 18, 2010, effective September 23, 2010, for substantive review. On March 7, 2011, we announced that the U.S. FDA had inspected two clinical trial sites and audited our clinical trial data base systems as part of its review process and raised no formal compliance issues. On January 20, 2012, we announced our intent to seek an independent panel review of our PMA application after receiving a not-approvable letter from the U.S. FDA. On November 14, 2012 we filed an amended PMA with the U.S. FDA. On September 6, 2013, we received a letter from the U.S. FDA with additional questions and met with the U.S. FDA on May 8, 2014 to discuss our response. On July 25, 2014, we announced that we had responded to the U.S. FDA s most recent questions. We received a not-approvable letter from the U.S. FDA on May 15, 2015. We had a follow up meeting with the U.S. FDA to discuss a path forward on November 30, 2015, at which we agreed to submit a detailed clinical protocol for U.S. FDA review so that additional studies can be completed. We held a follow up teleconference with FDA on January 28, 2020 and filed a pre-submission document to the Agency on February 17, 2020 that summarized the clinical protocol to be submitted for FDA review. We agreed with the FDA on the study protocol during the second quarter of 2021 and have recruited clinical sites for the study. 10 Table of Contents We remain committed to obtaining U.S. FDA approval as a priority. At the same time we have narrowed our international focus to concentrate on markets with large screening populations, and where we currently have or are actively seeking regulatory approvals, such as China, the European Union and Indonesia. We believe the commercial opportunities are large and the clinical need is significant in these select international markets. The process of obtaining clearance to market products is costly and time-consuming in virtually all of the major markets in which we sell, or expect to sell, our products and may delay the marketing and sale of our products. Countries around the world have recently adopted more stringent regulatory requirements, which are expected to add to the delays and uncertainties associated with new product releases, as well as the clinical and regulatory costs of supporting those releases. No assurance can be given that our products will be approved on a timely basis in any particular jurisdiction, if at all. In addition, regulations regarding the development, manufacture and sale of medical devices are subject to future change. We cannot predict what impact, if any, those changes might have on our business. Failure to comply with regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Noncompliance with applicable requirements can result in import detentions, fines, civil penalties, injunctions, suspensions or losses of regulatory approvals or clearances, recall or seizure of products, operating restrictions, denial of export applications, governmental prohibitions on entering into supply contracts, and criminal prosecution. Failure to obtain regulatory approvals or the restriction, suspension or revocation of regulatory approvals or clearances, as well as any other failure to comply with regulatory requirements, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Regulatory approvals and clearances, if granted, may include significant labeling limitations and limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed. In addition, to obtain regulatory approvals and clearances, the U.S. FDA and some foreign regulatory authorities impose numerous other requirements with which medical device manufacturers must comply. U.S. FDA enforcement policy strictly prohibits the marketing of approved medical devices for unapproved uses. Any products we manufacture or distribute under U.S. FDA clearances or approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the U.S. FDA. The U.S. FDA also requires us to provide it with information on death and serious injuries alleged to have been associated with the use of our products, as well as any malfunctions that would likely cause or contribute to death or serious injury. The U.S. FDA requires us to register as a medical device manufacturer and list our products. We are also subject to inspections by the U.S. FDA and state agencies acting under contract with the U.S. FDA to confirm compliance with good manufacturing practice. These regulations require that we manufacture our products and maintain documents in a prescribed manner with respect to manufacturing, testing, quality assurance and quality control activities. The U.S. FDA also has promulgated final regulatory changes to these regulations that require, among other things, design controls and maintenance of service records. These changes will increase the cost of complying with good manufacturing practice requirements. Distributors of medical devices may also be required to comply with other foreign regulatory agencies, and we or our distributors currently have marketing approval for LuViva from Health Canada, COFEPRIS in Mexico, the Ministry of Health in Kenya, and the Singapore Health Sciences Authority. The time required to obtain these foreign approvals to market our products may be longer or shorter than that required in China or the United States, and requirements for those approvals may differ from those required by the NMPA or the U.S. FDA. 11 Table of Contents We are also subject to a variety of other controls that affect our business. Labeling and promotional activities are subject to scrutiny by the U.S. FDA and, in some instances, by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. The U.S. FDA actively enforces regulations prohibiting marketing of products for unapproved users. We are also subject, as are our products, to a variety of state and local laws and regulations in those states and localities where our products are or will be marketed. Any applicable state or local regulations may hinder our ability to market our products in those regions. Manufacturers are also subject to numerous federal, state and local laws relating to matters such as safe working conditions, manufacturing practices, environmental protection, fire hazard control and disposal of hazardous or potentially hazardous substances. We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with these laws and regulations now or in the future. These laws or regulations may have a material adverse effect on our ability to do business. Although our marketing and distribution partners around the world assist in the regulatory approval process, ultimately, we are responsible for obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals for our products. The inability or failure to comply with the varying regulations or the imposition of new regulations would materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Item 1A. RISK FACTORS A purchase of our securities involves a high degree of risk. Our business or operating or financial condition could be harmed due to any of the following risks. Accordingly, investors should carefully consider these risks in making a decision as to whether to purchase, sell or hold our securities. In addition, investors should note that the risks described below are not the only risks facing us. Additional risks not presently known to us, or risks that do not seem significant today, may impair our business operations in the future. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference herein, before making a decision to invest in our securities. We will be required to raise additional funds. There is no assurance that such funds can be raised on terms that we would find acceptable, on a timely basis, or at all. Additional debt or equity financing will be required for us to continue as a going concern. We may seek to obtain additional funds for the financing of our cervical cancer detection business through additional debt or equity financings and/or new collaborative arrangements. Management believes that additional financing, if obtainable, will be sufficient to support planned operations only for a limited period. Management has implemented operating actions to reduce cash requirements. Any required additional funding may not be available on terms attractive to us, on a timely basis, or at all. If we cannot obtain additional funds or achieve profitability, we may not be able to continue as a going concern. Because we must obtain additional funds through financing transactions or through new collaborative arrangements in order to grow the revenues of our cervical cancer detection product line, there exists substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore, it will be necessary to raise additional funds. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise these additional funds. If we do not secure additional funding when needed, we will be unable to conduct all of our product development efforts as planned, which may cause us to alter our business plan in relation to the development of our products. Even if we obtain additional funding, we will need to achieve profitability thereafter. 12 Table of Contents Our independent registered public accountants report on our consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, indicated that there was substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern because we had suffered recurring losses from operations and had an accumulated deficit of 147.4 million at December 31, 2022, summarized as follows: Accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2018 137.7 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2019 1.9 Accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2019 139.6 Preferred dividends for the year ended December 31, 2020 0.1 Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2020 0.3 Accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2020 140.0 Preferred dividends for the year ended December 31, 2021 0.4 Net loss for year ended December 31, 2021 2.0 Accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2021 142.4 Preferred dividends for the year ended December 31, 2022 0.6 Net loss for for the year ended December 31, 2022 4.4 Accumulated deficit as of December 31, 2022 147.4 Our management has implemented reductions in operating expenditures and reductions in some development activities. We have determined to make cervical cancer detection the focus of our business. We are managing the development of our other programs only when funds are made available to us via grants or contracts with government entities or strategic partners. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully implement or continue these plans. If we cannot obtain additional funds when needed, we will not be able to implement our business plan. We require substantial additional capital to develop our products, including completing product testing and clinical trials, obtaining all required regulatory approvals and clearances, beginning and scaling up manufacturing, and marketing our products. We have historically financed our operations though the public and private sale of debt and equity, funding from collaborative arrangements, and grants. Any failure to achieve adequate funding in a timely fashion would delay our development programs and could lead to abandonment of our business plan. To the extent we cannot obtain additional funding, our ability to continue to manufacture and sell our current products, or develop and introduce new products to market, will be limited. Further, financing our operations through the public or private sale of debt or equity may involve restrictive covenants or other provisions that could limit how we conduct our business or finance our operations. Financing our operations through collaborative arrangements generally means that the obligations of the collaborative partner to fund our expenditures are largely discretionary and depend on a number of factors, including our ability to meet specified milestones in the development and testing of the relevant product. We may not be able to obtain an acceptable collaboration partner, and even if we do, we may not be able to meet these milestones, or the collaborative partner may not continue to fund our expenditures. We have a history of losses, and we expect losses to continue. We have never been profitable and we have had operating losses since our inception. We expect our operating losses to continue as we continue to expend substantial resources to complete commercialization of our products, obtain regulatory clearances or approvals; build our marketing, sales, manufacturing and finance capabilities, and conduct further research and development. The further development and commercialization of our products will require substantial development, regulatory, sales and marketing, manufacturing and other expenditures. We have only generated limited revenues from product sales. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our accumulated deficit was approximately 147.4 million and 142.4 million, respectively. Our ability to sell our products is controlled by government regulations, and we may not be able to obtain any necessary clearances or approvals. The design, manufacturing, labeling, distribution and marketing of medical device products are subject to extensive and rigorous government regulation in most of the markets in which we sell, or plan to sell, our products, which can be expensive and uncertain and can cause lengthy delays before we can begin selling our products in those markets. 13 Table of Contents In foreign countries, including European countries, we are subject to government regulation, which could delay or prevent our ability to sell our products in those jurisdictions. In order for us to market our products in Europe and some other international jurisdictions, we and our distributors and agents must obtain required regulatory registrations or approvals. We must also comply with extensive regulations regarding safety, efficacy and quality in those jurisdictions. We may not be able to obtain the required regulatory registrations or approvals, or we may be required to incur significant costs in obtaining or maintaining any regulatory registrations or approvals we receive. Delays in obtaining any registrations or approvals required for marketing our products, failure to receive these registrations or approvals, or future loss of previously obtained registrations or approvals would limit our ability to sell our products internationally. For example, international regulatory bodies have adopted various regulations governing product standards, packaging requirements, labeling requirements, import restrictions, tariff regulations, duties and tax requirements. These regulations vary from country to country. In order to sell our products in Europe, in 2018 we had to undergo an inspection and re-file for ISO 13485:2016 and the CE Mark, which is an international symbol of quality and compliance with applicable European medical device directives. Failure to maintain ISO 13485:2016 certification or CE mark certification or other international regulatory approvals would prevent us from selling in some countries in the European Union. As of December 31, 2022, our products have achieved and maintain both ISO 13485:2016 certification and the CE Mark through our contract manufacturer, Newmars Technologies. For our products to be marketed and sold in the People s Republic of China, they must gain approval from the Chinese National Medical Products Administration (NMPA), formerly known as the Chinese Food and Drug Administration (Chinese FDA). We are working with our Chinese partner, Shandong Yaohua Medical Instrument Corporation, to achieve NMPA approval and as of December 31, 2022 had passed compliance testing for device safety and have enrolled approximately 225 women in their clinical trial. Our Chinese partner, SMI, expects the clinical trial to be completed in the second quarter of 2023 and submitted for approval shortly thereafter, although there can be no assurance that the study will be completed within this time frame. Our business is subject to the risks of international operations. Our business and financial results could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including: changes in a specific country or region s political and cultural climate or economic condition, including change in governmental regime; unexpected or unfavorable changes in foreign laws, regulatory requirements and related interpretations; difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions; inadequate intellectual property protection in foreign countries; trade protection measures, import or export licensing requirements such as Export Administration Regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Commerce and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges; trade sanctions imposed by the United States or other governments with jurisdictional authority over our business operations; the effects of applicable and potentially adverse foreign tax law changes; significant adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates; longer accounts receivable cycles; managing a geographically dispersed workforce; and compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations, particularly in emerging markets. whether and when we or any potential strategic partners will obtain required regulatory approvals in the markets in which we plan to operate; and the impact of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine on economic conditions in general and on our business and operations. 14 Table of Contents In foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, certain business practices may exist that are prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and other anti-corruption laws. Although our policies and procedures require compliance with these laws and are designed to facilitate compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors and agents may take actions in violation of applicable laws or our policies. Any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. Our international businesses must comply with applicable laws such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Failure to maintain compliance with or adapt to changes in any of the aforementioned requirements could result in fines, penalties or regulatory actions that could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. While we plan to pursue regulatory approval in Russia, the ongoing conflict in Ukraine may delay filing and approval to market in Russia. It is unclear how long any delays may last due to the uncertainty of the situation both in Ukraine and Russia. The conflict in Ukraine, which has already had an impact on financial markets, could result in additional repercussions in our operating business, including delays in obtaining regulatory approval to market our products in Russia. The future impact of the conflict is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, and we cannot provide any assurance that the conflict will not have a material adverse impact on our operations or future results or filings with regulatory health authorities. Russia s invasion of Ukraine, and sanctions brought by the United States and other countries against Russia, have caused disruptions in many business sectors outside of the medical sector and have resulted in significant market disruptions and increased volatility in the price of certain commodities, including oil and natural gas. On February 24, 2022, Russia launched a large-scale invasion of Ukraine. The extent and duration of the military action, resulting sanctions and future market disruptions in the region are impossible to predict, but could be significant and may have a severe adverse effect on the region. Among other things, the conflict has resulted in increased volatility in the markets for certain securities and commodities, including oil and natural gas, and other sectors. The United States and other countries and certain international organizations have imposed broad-ranging economic sanctions on Russia and certain Russian individuals, banking entities and corporations as a response to Russia s invasion of Ukraine. Actual and threatened responses to Russia s invasion, as well as a rapid peaceful resolution to the conflict, may impact the markets for certain commodities, such as oil and natural gas, and may have collateral impacts, including increased volatility, and cause disruptions to availability of certain commodities, commodity and futures prices and the supply chain globally. At this time, the situation is rapidly evolving and may evolve in a way that could have a negative impact on our operations and financial position in the future. In the United States, our products would be subject to regulation by the U.S. FDA, which could prevent us from selling our products domestically. In order for us to market our products in the United States, we must obtain clearance or approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or U.S. FDA. We cannot be sure that: we, or any collaborative partner, will make timely filings with the U.S. FDA; the U.S. FDA will act favorably or quickly on these submissions; we will not be required to submit additional information or perform additional clinical studies; or we will not face other significant difficulties and costs necessary to obtain U.S. FDA clearance or approval. It can take several years from initial filing of a PMA application and require the submission of extensive supporting data and clinical information. The U.S. FDA may impose strict labeling or other requirements as a condition of its clearance or approval, any of which could limit our ability to market our products domestically. Further, if we wish to modify a product after U.S. FDA approval of a PMA application, including changes in indications or other modifications that could affect safety and efficacy, additional clearances or approvals will be required from the U.S. FDA. Any request by the U.S. FDA for additional data, or any requirement by the U.S. FDA that we conduct additional clinical studies, could result in a significant delay in bringing our products to market domestically and require substantial additional research and other expenditures. Similarly, any labeling or other conditions or restrictions imposed by the U.S. FDA could hinder our ability to effectively market our products domestically. Further, there may be new U.S. FDA policies or changes in U.S. FDA policies that could be adverse to us. 15 Table of Contents Currently, we have not obtained clearance or approval from the U.S. FDA, however we have agreed with the U.S. FDA on the clinical trial protocol and are preparing to start the study of approximately 400 women in 2023 at up to three clinical sites where the protocol is now under review for approval to allow the start of the study. Even if we obtain clearance or approval to sell our products, we are subject to ongoing requirements and inspections that could lead to the restriction, suspension or revocation of our clearance. We, as well as any potential collaborative partners, will be required to adhere to applicable regulations in the markets in which we operate and sell our products, regarding good manufacturing practice, which include testing, control, and documentation requirements. Ongoing compliance with good manufacturing practice and other applicable regulatory requirements will be strictly enforced applicable regulatory agencies. Failure to comply with these regulatory requirements could result in, among other things, warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recall or seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, failure to obtain premarket clearance or premarket approval for devices, withdrawal of approvals previously obtained, and criminal prosecution. The restriction, suspension or revocation of regulatory approvals or any other failure to comply with regulatory requirements would limit our ability to operate and could increase our costs. We depend on a limited number of distributors and any reduction, delay or cancellation of an order from these distributors or the loss of any of these distributors could cause our revenue to decline. Each year we have had one or a few distributors that have accounted for substantially all of our limited revenues. As a result, the termination of a purchase order with any one of these distributors may result in the loss of substantially all of our revenues. We are constantly working to develop new relationships with existing or new distributors, but despite these efforts we may not be successful at generating new orders to maintain similar revenues as current purchase orders are filled. In addition, since a significant portion of our revenues is derived from a relatively few distributors, any financial difficulties experienced by any one of these distributors, or any delay in receiving payments from any one of these distributors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. To successfully market and sell our products internationally, we must address many issues with which we have limited experience. All of our sales of LuViva to date have been to distributors outside of the United States. We expect that substantially all of our business will continue to come from sales in foreign markets, through increased penetration in countries where we currently sell LuViva, combined with expansion into new international markets. However, international sales are subject to a number of risks, including: difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; difficulties in penetrating markets in which our competitors products may be more established; reduced or no protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; export restrictions, trade regulations and foreign tax laws; fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates; foreign certification and regulatory clearance or approval requirements; difficulties in developing effective marketing campaigns for unfamiliar, foreign countries; customs clearance and shipping delays; political and economic instability; and preference for locally produced products. If one or more of these risks were realized, it could require us to dedicate significant resources to remedy the situation, and even if we are able to find a solution, our revenues may still decline. 16 Table of Contents To market and sell LuViva internationally, we depend on distributors and they may not be successful. We currently depend almost exclusively on third-party distributors to sell and service LuViva internationally and to train our international distributors, and if these distributors terminate their relationships with us or under-perform, we may be unable to maintain or increase our level of international revenue. We will also need to engage additional international distributors to grow our business and expand the territories in which we sell LuViva. Distributors may not commit the necessary resources to market, sell and service LuViva to the level of our expectations. If current or future distributors do not perform adequately, or if we are unable to engage distributors in particular geographic areas, our revenue from international operations will be adversely affected. Our success largely depends on our ability to maintain and protect the proprietary information on which we base our products. Our success depends in large part upon our ability to maintain and protect the proprietary nature of our technology through the patent process, as well as our ability to license from others patents and patent applications necessary to develop our products. If any of our patents are successfully challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or our right or ability to manufacture our products was to be limited, our ability to continue to manufacture and market our products could be adversely affected. In addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how, which we seek to protect, in part, through confidentiality and proprietary information agreements. The other parties to these agreements may breach these provisions, and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. Additionally, our trade secrets could otherwise become known to or be independently developed by competitors. As of December 31, 2022, we have been issued, or have rights to, 27 U.S. patents (including those under license). In addition, we have filed for, or have rights to, one U.S. patents (including those under license) that is still pending. There are additional international patents and pending applications. One or more of the patents we hold directly or license from third parties, including those for our cervical cancer detection products, may be successfully challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or we may otherwise be unable to rely on these patents. These risks are also present for the process we use or will use for manufacturing our products. In addition, our competitors, many of whom have substantial resources and have made substantial investments in competing technologies, may apply for and obtain patents that prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make, use and sell our products, either in the United States or in international markets. The medical device industry has been characterized by extensive litigation regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. In addition, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, or USPTO, may institute interference proceedings. The defense and prosecution of intellectual property suits, USPTO proceedings and related legal and administrative proceedings are both costly and time consuming. Moreover, we may need to litigate to enforce our patents, to protect our trade secrets or know-how, or to determine the enforceability, scope and validity of the proprietary rights of others. Any litigation or interference proceedings involving us may require us to incur substantial legal and other fees and expenses and may require some of our employees to devote all or a substantial portion of their time to the proceedings. An adverse determination in the proceedings could subject us to significant liabilities to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties or prevent us from selling our products in some or all markets. We may not be able to reach a satisfactory settlement of any dispute by licensing necessary patents or other intellectual property. Even if we reached a settlement, the settlement process may be expensive and time consuming, and the terms of the settlement may require us to pay substantial royalties. An adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding or the failure to obtain a necessary license could prevent us from manufacturing and selling our products. We may not be able to generate sufficient sales revenues to sustain our growth and strategy plans. Our cervical cancer diagnostic activities have been financed to date through a combination of government grants, strategic partners and direct investment. Growing revenues for this product is the main focus of our business. In order to effectively market the cervical cancer detection product, additional capital will be needed. 17 Table of Contents Additional product lines involve the modification of the cervical cancer detection technology for use in other cancers. These product lines are only in the earliest stages of research and development and are currently not projected to reach market for several years. Our goal is to receive enough funding from government grants and contracts, as well as payments from strategic partners, to fund development of these product lines without diverting funds or other necessary resources from the cervical cancer program. Because our products, which use different technology or apply technology in different ways than other medical devices, are or will be new to the market, we may not be successful in launching our products and our operations and growth would be adversely affected. Our products are based on new methods of cancer detection. If our products do not achieve significant market acceptance, our sales will be limited and our financial condition may suffer. Physicians and individuals may not recommend or use our products unless they determine that these products are an attractive alternative to current tests that have a long history of safe and effective use. To date, our products have been used by only a limited number of people, and few independent studies regarding our products have been published. The lack of independent studies limits the ability of doctors or consumers to compare our products to conventional products. If we are unable to compete effectively in the highly competitive medical device industry, our future growth and operating results will suffer. The medical device industry in general and the markets in which we expect to offer products in particular, are intensely competitive. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, research, technical, manufacturing, marketing and distribution resources than we do and have greater name recognition and lengthier operating histories in the health care industry. We may not be able to effectively compete against these and other competitors. A number of competitors are currently marketing traditional laboratory-based tests for cervical cancer screening and diagnosis. These tests are widely accepted in the health care industry and have a long history of accurate and effective use. Further, if our products are not available at competitive prices, health care administrators who are subject to increasing pressures to reduce costs may not elect to purchase them. Also, a number of companies have announced that they are developing, or have introduced, products that permit non-invasive and less invasive cancer detection. Accordingly, competition in this area is expected to increase. Furthermore, our competitors may succeed in developing, either before or after the development and commercialization of our products, devices and technologies that permit more efficient, less expensive non-invasive and less invasive cancer detection. It is also possible that one or more pharmaceutical or other health care companies will develop therapeutic drugs, treatments or other products that will substantially reduce the prevalence of cancers or otherwise render our products obsolete. We have limited manufacturing experience, which could limit our growth. We do not have manufacturing experience that would enable us to make products in the volumes that would be necessary for us to achieve significant commercial sales, and we rely upon our suppliers. In addition, we may not be able to establish and maintain reliable, efficient, full scale manufacturing at commercially reasonable costs in a timely fashion. Difficulties we encounter in manufacturing scale-up, or our failure to implement and maintain our manufacturing facilities in accordance with good manufacturing practice regulations, international quality standards or other regulatory requirements, could result in a delay or termination of production. In the past, we have had substantial difficulties in establishing and maintaining manufacturing for our products and those difficulties impacted our ability to increase sales. Companies often encounter difficulties in scaling up production, including problems involving production yield, quality control and assurance, and shortages of qualified personnel. Since we rely on sole source suppliers for several of the components used in our products, any failure of those suppliers to perform would hurt our operations. Several of the components used in our products or planned products, are available from only one supplier, and substitutes for these components could not be obtained easily or would require substantial modifications to our products. Any significant problem experienced by one of our sole source suppliers may result in a delay or interruption in the supply of components to us until that supplier cures the problem or an alternative source of the component is located and qualified. Any delay or interruption would likely lead to a delay or interruption in our manufacturing operations. For our products that require premarket approval, the inclusion of substitute components could require us to qualify the new supplier with the appropriate government regulatory authorities. Alternatively, for our products that qualify for premarket notification, the substitute components must meet our product specifications. 18 Table of Contents Because we operate in an industry with significant product liability risk, and we have not specifically insured against this risk, we may be subject to substantial claims against our products. The development, manufacture and sale of medical products entail significant risks of product liability claims. We currently have no product liability insurance coverage beyond that provided by our general liability insurance. Accordingly, we may not be adequately protected from any liabilities, including any adverse judgments or settlements, we might incur in connection with the development, clinical testing, manufacture and sale of our products. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us that result in an adverse judgment against or settlement by us in excess of any insurance coverage could seriously harm our financial condition or reputation. In addition, product liability insurance is expensive and may not be available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. The availability of third-party reimbursement for our products is uncertain, which may limit consumer use and the market for our products. In the United States and elsewhere, sales of medical products are dependent, in part, on the ability of consumers of these products to obtain reimbursement for all or a portion of their cost from third-party payors, such as government and private insurance plans. Any inability of patients, hospitals, physicians and other users of our products to obtain sufficient reimbursement from third-party payors for our products, or adverse changes in relevant governmental policies or the policies of private third-party payors regarding reimbursement for these products, could limit our ability to sell our products on a competitive basis. We are unable to predict what changes will be made in the reimbursement methods used by third-party health care payors. Moreover, third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services, and some health care providers are gradually adopting a managed care system in which the providers contract to provide comprehensive health care services for a fixed cost per person. Patients, hospitals and physicians may not be able to justify the use of our products by the attendant cost savings and clinical benefits that we believe will be derived from the use of our products, and therefore may not be able to obtain third-party reimbursement. Reimbursement and health care payment systems in international markets vary significantly by country and include both government-sponsored health care and private insurance. We may not be able to obtain approvals for reimbursement from these international third-party payors in a timely manner, if at all. Any failure to receive international reimbursement approvals could have an adverse effect on market acceptance of our products in the international markets in which approvals are sought. We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which may adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to operate our business. Our outstanding indebtedness, which includes all of our liabilities, was 6.2 million at December 31, 2022. The terms of our indebtedness could have negative consequences to us, such as: we may be unable to obtain additional financing to fund working capital, operating losses, capital expenditures or acquisitions on terms acceptable to us, or at all; the amount of our interest expense may increase if we are unable to make payments when due; our assets might be subject to foreclosure if we default on our secured debt our vendors or employees may, and some have, instituted proceedings to collect on amounts owed them; we have to use a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to repay our indebtedness, including ordinary course accounts payable and accrued payroll liabilities, which reduces the amount of money we have for future operations, working capital, inventory, expansion, or general corporate or other business activities; and we may be unable to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us, or at all. 19 Table of Contents Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will be unable to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions. We cannot be certain that our earnings will be sufficient to allow us to pay the principal and interest on our debt and meet any other obligations. If we do not have enough money to service our debt, we may be required, but unable, to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow money or raise equity on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain scientific, technical, managerial and finance personnel. Our ability to operate successfully and manage our future growth depends in significant part upon the continued service of key scientific, technical, managerial and finance personnel, as well as our ability to attract and retain additional highly qualified personnel in these fields. We may not be able to attract and retain key employees when necessary, which would limit our operations and growth. In addition, if we are able to successfully develop and commercialize our products, we will need to hire additional scientific, technical, marketing, managerial and finance personnel. We face intense competition for qualified personnel in these areas, many of whom are often subject to competing employment offers. Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation that authorize the issuance of additional shares of preferred stock may make it more difficult for a third party to effect a change in control. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 5.0 million shares of preferred stock of which 6,952 were outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Our undesignated shares of preferred stock may be issued in one or more series, the terms of which may be determined by the board without further stockholder action. These terms may include, among other terms, voting rights, including the right to vote as a series on particular matters, preferences as to liquidation and dividends, repurchase rights, conversion rights, redemption rights and sinking fund provisions. The issuance of any preferred stock could diminish the rights of holders of our common stock, and therefore could reduce the value of our common stock. In addition, specific rights granted to future holders of preferred stock could be used to restrict our ability to merge with or sell assets to a third party. The ability of our board to issue preferred stock could make it more difficult, delay, discourage, prevent or make it more costly to acquire or effect a change in control, which in turn could prevent our stockholders from recognizing a gain in the event that a favorable offer is extended and could materially and negatively affect the market price of our common stock. Risks Related to Our Securities The market prices for our common stock are volatile and will fluctuate. The market price for our common stock may be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: (i) actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results; (ii) recommendations by securities research analysts; (iii) changes in the economic performance or market valuations of other issuers that investors deem comparable to ours; (iv) addition or departure of our executive officers or members of our Board and other key personnel; (v) release or expiration of lock-up or other transfer restrictions on outstanding common stock; (vi) sales or perceived sales of additional common stock; (vii) liquidity of the common stock; (viii) significant acquisitions or business combinations, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by or involving us or our competitors; and (ix) news reports relating to trends, concerns, technological or competitive developments, regulatory changes and other related issues in our industry or target markets. Financial markets often experience significant price and volume fluctuations that affect the market prices of equity securities of public entities and that are, in many cases, unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such entities. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock may decline even if our operating results, underlying asset values or prospects have not changed. Additionally, these factors, as well as other related factors, may cause decreases in asset values that are deemed to be other than temporary, which may result in impairment losses. As well, certain institutional investors may base their investment decisions on consideration of our environmental, governance and social practices and performance against such institutions respective investment guidelines and criteria, and failure to meet such criteria may result in limited or no investment in our common stock by those institutions, which could materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. There can be no assurance that continuing fluctuations in price and volume will not occur. If such increased levels of volatility and market turmoil continue for a protracted period of time, our operations could be materially adversely impacted and the trading price of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. 20 Table of Contents There is a limited market for our securities. Our common stock is listed on the OTC Markets. There can be no assurance that an active and liquid market for the common stock will develop or be maintained on the applicable stock exchanges, and an investor may find it difficult to resell any of our securities. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies. We may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, existing ownership interests will be diluted and the terms of such financings may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of existing stockholders. Debt financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants to purchase shares, which could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business and may result in liens being placed on our assets and intellectual property. If we were to default on such indebtedness, we could lose such assets and intellectual property. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. Future offerings of debt or equity securities may rank senior to common stock. If we decide to issue debt or equity securities in the future ranking senior to our common stock or otherwise incur additional indebtedness, it is possible that these securities or indebtedness will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility and limiting our ability to pay dividends to stockholders. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges, including with respect to dividends, more favorable than those of common stock and may result in dilution to stockholders. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering or otherwise incur indebtedness will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings or financings, any of which could reduce the market price of our common stock and dilute their value. Common stockholders are subordinated to our lenders. In the event of bankruptcy, liquidation or reorganization, any holders of our debt and our trade creditors will generally be entitled to payment of their claims from our assets before any assets are made available for distribution to us or our stockholders. The common stock is effectively subordinated to our debt and other obligations. Future sales of common stock by officers and directors may negatively impact the market price for our common stock. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, our directors and officers and their affiliates may sell some or all of their common stock in the future. No prediction can be made as to the effect, if any, such future sales of common stock may have on the market price of the common stock prevailing from time to time. However, the future sale of a substantial number of common stock by our directors and officers and their affiliates, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock. 21 Table of Contents We do not currently pay dividends on our common stock and have no intention to pay dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. No dividends on our common stock have been paid by us to date. We do not intend to declare or pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board, after taking into account a multitude of factors appropriate in the circumstances, including our operating results, financial condition and current and anticipated cash needs. In addition, the terms of any future debt or credit facility may preclude us from paying any dividends unless certain consents are obtained and certain conditions are met. We have broad discretion in the use of our cash and cash equivalents, and may not use them effectively. Our management has broad discretion to use our cash and cash equivalents to fund our operations and could spend these funds in ways that do not improve our results of operations or enhance the value of our common stock,. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could result in financial losses that could have a material adverse effect on our business, cause the price of our common stock to decline. Pending their use to fund our operations, we may invest our cash and cash equivalents in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. In connection with the audits of our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting was identified and we may identify additional material weaknesses in the future. In connection with the preparation and audits of our financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, a material weakness (as defined under the Exchange Act and by the auditing standards of the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, or PCAOB was identified in our internal control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The material weakness identified arose from a lack of resources to properly research and account for complex transactions. There were no changes to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. In light of the identified material weaknesses, it is possible that, had we performed a formal assessment of our internal control over financial reporting or had our independent registered public accounting firm performed an audit of our internal control over financial reporting in accordance with PCAOB standards, additional control deficiencies may have been identified. We have begun taking measures, and plan to continue to take measures, to remediate these material weaknesses. However, the implementation of these measures may not fully address these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and, if so, we would not be able to conclude that they have been fully remedied. Our failure to correct these material weaknesses or our failure to discover and address any other control deficiencies could result in inaccuracies in our financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and make related regulatory filings on a timely basis. As a result, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, as well as the trading price of our common stock, may be materially and adversely affected. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management has been required, and will continue to be required, to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives. As a public company, we have incurred and are continuing to incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses. We are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules adopted, and to be adopted, by the SEC. Our management and other personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives. 22 Table of Contents Moreover, these rules and regulations have substantially increased our legal and financial compliance costs and made some activities more time-consuming and costly. The increased costs have increased our net loss. These rules and regulations may make it more difficult and more expensive for us to maintain sufficient director s and officer s liability insurance coverage. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may continue to incur to respond to these requirements. The ongoing impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our Board, our Board committees or as executive officers. Anti-takeover provisions in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws may reduce the likelihood of a potential change of control, or make it more difficult for our stockholders to replace management. Certain provisions of our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws could have the effect of making it more difficult for our stockholders to replace management at a time when a substantial number of stockholders might favor a change in management. These provisions include authorizing the board of directors to fill vacant directorships or increase the size of its board of directors. Furthermore, our board of directors has the authority to issue up to 5.0 million shares of preferred stock in one or more series and to determine the rights and preferences of the shares of any such series without stockholder approval. Any series of preferred stock is likely to be senior to the common stock with respect to dividends, liquidation rights and, possibly, voting rights. The board s ability to issue preferred stock may have the effect of discouraging unsolicited acquisition proposals, thus adversely affecting the market price of our common stock. If securities or industry analysts publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our share price and trading volume may decline. The trading market for our common stock depends in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our shares or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our shares price may decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, demand for our shares may decrease, which may cause our shares price and trading volume to decline. The number of shares of our common stock issuable upon the conversion of our outstanding convertible debt and preferred stock or exercise of outstanding warrants and options is substantial. As of December 31, 2022, our outstanding convertible debt was convertible into an aggregate of 3,592,641 shares of our common stock, and the outstanding shares of our Series C, Series C1, Series C2, Series D, Series E, Series F and Series F-2 preferred stock were convertible into an aggregate of 19,300,500 shares of common stock. Also, as of that date we had warrants outstanding that were exercisable for an aggregate of 35,586,980 shares, and outstanding options to purchase 1,500,000 shares. The shares of common stock issuable upon conversion or exercise of these securities would have constituted approximately 54.62 of the total number of shares of common stock then issued and outstanding. Further, under the terms of our convertible debt and preferred stock, as well as certain of our outstanding warrants, the conversion price or exercise price, as the case may be, could be adjusted downward, causing substantial dilution. Adjustments to the conversion price of some of our convertible debt and preferred stock, and the exercise price for certain of our warrants, will dilute the ownership interests of our existing stockholders. Under the terms of a portion of our convertible debt, the conversion price fluctuates with the market price of our common stock. Additionally, under the terms of our Series C preferred stock, any dividends we choose to pay in shares of our common stock will be calculated based on the then-current market price of our common stock. Accordingly, if the market price of our common stock decreases, the number of shares of our common stock issuable upon conversion of the convertible debt or upon payment of dividends on our outstanding Series C preferred stock will increase, and may result in the issuance of a significant number of additional shares of our common stock. 23 Table of Contents Under the terms of some of our preferred stock and certain of our convertible notes and outstanding warrants, the conversion price or exercise price will be lowered if we issue common stock at a per share price below the then-conversion price or then-exercise price for those securities. Reductions in the conversion price or exercise price would result in the issuance of a significant number of additional shares of our common stock upon conversion or exercise, which would result in dilution in the value of the shares of our outstanding common stock and the voting power represented thereby. Our need to raise additional capital in the near future or to use our equity securities for payments could have a dilutive effect on your investment. In order to continue operations, we will need to raise additional capital. We may attempt to raise capital through the public or private sale of our common stock or securities convertible into or exercisable for our common stock. In addition, from time to time we have issued our common stock or warrants in lieu of cash payments. If we sell additional shares of our common stock or other equity securities, or issue such securities in respect of other claims or indebtedness, such sales or issuances will further dilute the percentage of our equity that you own. Depending upon the price per share of securities that we sell or issue in the future, if any, your interest in us could be further diluted by any adjustments to the number of shares and the applicable exercise price required pursuant to the terms of the agreements under which we previously issued convertible securities. The perceived risk of dilution may cause our stockholders to sell their shares, which may cause a decline in the price of our common stock. Moreover, the perceived risk of dilution and the resulting downward pressure on our stock price could encourage investors to engage in short sales of our common stock. By increasing the number of shares offered for sale, material amounts of short selling could further contribute to progressive price declines in our common stock. Item 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. Item 2. PROPERTIES Our corporate offices, which also comprise our administrative, research and development, marketing and production facilities, are located at 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092, where we lease approximately 12,835 square feet under a lease that expires in May 2026. Item 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are subject to claims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. However, we are not currently subject to any claims or actions that we believe would have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations. Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE Not applicable. 24 Table of Contents PART II Item 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market for Common Stock; Holders Our common stock is listed on the OTCQB under the ticker symbol GTHP. The number of record holders of our common stock at March 27, 2023 was 174. A 1:800 reverse stock split of all of our issued and outstanding common stock was implemented on March 29, 2019. As a result of the reverse stock split, every 800 shares of issued and outstanding common stock were converted into 1 share of common stock. All fractional shares created by the reverse stock split were rounded to the nearest whole share. The number of authorized shares of common stock did not change. All historical share and per share amounts reflected throughout this report have been adjusted to reflect the stock split. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Board simultaneously approved a 1-for-20 reverse stock split of our common stock and decreased the total number of authorized common shares to 500,000,000. On July 25, 2022, prior to obtaining approval from the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA the Company filed a Certificate of Correction with the Secretary of State of Delaware to render null and void ab initio the Reverse Split Amendment and as a result, the Reverse Split was deemed null and void. The high and low common stock share prices for the first quarter of 2023 and calendar years 2022 and 2021, as reported by the OTCBB, were as set forth in the following table: 2023 2022 2021 High Low High Low High Low First Quarter 0.36 0.23 0.70 0.46 0.95 0.23 Second Quarter - - 0.73 0.38 0.82 0.55 Third Quarter - - 0.59 0.40 0.67 0.32 Fourth Quarter - - 0.48 0.23 0.75 0.50 Through March 3, 2023 Dividend Policy We have not paid any dividends on our common stock since our inception and do not intend to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans All the securities we have provided our employees, directors and consultants have been issued under our stock option plans, which are approved by our stockholders. We have issued common stock to other individuals that are not employees or directors, in lieu of cash payments, that are not part of any plan approved by our stockholders. Securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans as of December 31, 2022: Plan Description Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options Number of securities available for future issuance under equity compensation plans 2018 Equity Incentive Plan 1,500,000 0.49 4,684,411 TOTAL 1,500,000 0.03 4,684,411 25 Table of Contents Item 6. [RESERVED] Item 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes in Part II, Item 8. The following discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. You should review the Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements sections of this Annual Report for a discussion of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements described in the following discussion and analysis. Because such statements include risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update such statements to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they are made. Overview We are a medical technology company focused on developing innovative medical devices that have the potential to improve healthcare. Our primary focus is the sales and marketing of our LuViva Advanced Cervical Scan non-invasive cervical cancer detection device. The underlying technology of LuViva primarily relates to the use of biophotonics for the non-invasive detection of cancers. LuViva is designed to identify cervical cancers and precancers painlessly, non-invasively and at the point of care by scanning the cervix with light, then analyzing the reflected and fluorescent light. LuViva provides a less invasive and painless alternative to conventional tests for cervical cancer screening and detection. Additionally, LuViva improves patient well-being not only because it eliminates pain, but also because it is convenient to use and provides rapid results at the point of care. We focus on two primary applications for LuViva: first, as a cancer screening tool in the developing world, where infrastructure to support traditional cancer-screening methods is limited or non-existent, and second, as a triage following traditional screening in the developed world, where a high number of false positive results cause a high rate of unnecessary and ultimately costly follow-up tests. We are a Delaware corporation, originally incorporated in 1992 under the name SpectRx, Inc. and, on February 22, 2008, changed our name to Guided Therapeutics, Inc. At the same time, we renamed our wholly owned subsidiary, InterScan, which originally had been incorporated as Guided Therapeutics. Since our inception, we have raised capital through the public and private sale of debt and equity, funding from collaborative arrangements, and grants. Our prospects must be considered in light of the substantial risks, expenses and difficulties encountered by entrants into the medical device industry. This industry is characterized by an increasing number of participants, intense competition and a high failure rate. We have experienced operating losses since our inception and, as of December 31, 2022 we have an accumulated deficit of approximately 147.4 million. To date, we have engaged primarily in research and development efforts and the early stages of marketing our products. We do not have significant experience in manufacturing, marketing or selling our products. We may not be successful in growing sales for our products. Moreover, required regulatory clearances or approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, or at all. Our products may not ever gain market acceptance and we may not ever generate significant revenues or achieve profitability. The development and commercialization of our products requires substantial development, regulatory, sales and marketing, manufacturing and other expenditures. We expect our operating losses to continue for the foreseeable future as we continue to expend substantial resources to complete commercialization of our products, obtain regulatory clearances or approvals, build our marketing, sales, manufacturing and finance capabilities, and conduct further research and development. 26 Table of Contents Our product revenues to date have been limited. In 2021 and 2022, the majority of our revenues were from the sale of components of our LuViva devices and disposables. We expect that the majority of our revenue in 2023 will be derived from revenue from the sale of LuViva devices and disposables. Current Demand for LuViva Based on written agreements and ongoing discussions with our distributors, we currently hold and expect to generate additional purchase orders for approximately 3.0 million in LuViva devices and disposables and expect those purchase orders to result in actual sales of 1.5 to 2.5 million throughout 2023 and 2024, representing what we view as current demand for our products. We cannot be assured that we will generate all or any of these additional purchase orders, or that existing orders will not be canceled by the distributors or that parts to build product will be available to meet demand, such that existing orders will result in actual sales. Because we have a short history of sales of our products, we cannot confidently predict future sales of our products beyond this time frame and cannot be assured of any particular number of sales. Accordingly, we have not identified any particular trends with regard to sales of our products. In order to increase demand for LuViva, the Company, in 2023 and 2024, is focused on three primary markets: the United States, China and Europe. In the United States, the Company is actively pursuing FDA approval by initiating a clinical trial protocol involving approximately 400 study participants. The protocol was drafted with input from FDA and at least two prestigious clinical centers that will participate in the study. Additional clinical centers may be added if needed to meet the study s enrollment criteria. Budgets have been agreed to with both institutions. The LuViva devices have been prepared and have passed bench testing in order to begin the study. On July 20, 2022 we announced that the study had been approved by the designated central Institutional Review Board IRB and because of that, we initially expected to begin in September or October of 2022. Below is a summary of progress made toward starting the study after delays due primarily to Covid-19, the resulting staffing shortages at medical institutions and the back log of clinical studies that were put on the back burner in deference to Covid-19 related studies. 1) Winship Cancer Center at Emory University Emory - On November 9, 2022, we received a letter from Emory s IRB that we were conditionally approved to start the study, pending responses to three questions, which we provided to that IRB on November 10, 2022. We were subsequently notified by Emory s scientific review committee that our responses to these three questions were satisfactory and we plan to begin enrolling patients in the second quarter of 2023. 2) University of Alabama at Birmingham UAB In November of 2022 we were granted full scientific committee approval and local IRB approval. We signed the clinical research agreement with UAB on December 15, 2022 and began on site orientation and training in March of 2023. A date to initiate enrolling and testing patients in April of 2023 has been agreed upon by both UAB and the Company. 3) A third clinical site has been engaged and currently is reviewing the study protocol and draft clinical research agreement and budget. 4) The U.S. FDA has required, as a part of the quality control for the study, that the pathology diagnoses for patients enrolled in the study be performed at an institution different than the one enrolling patients. To that end, we have signed a research contract with the University of Florida Pathology Department to provide those services. There can be no assurance that the studies will be completed within the timeframes described above. In China, the Chinese NMPA (National Medical Products Approval) study has begun at four clinical sites. According to enrollment tracking reports sent to us by our Chinese partner SMI in March of 2023, testing of over 300 patients has been completed in the ongoing clinical trial for Chinese National Medical Products Administration (NMPA) approval. The trial is expected to be completed in the second quarter of 2023 and submitted for approval shortly thereafter, although there can be no assurance that the study will be completed within this time frame. In Europe, the Company attended a meeting in Bucharest, Romania on November 3-4, 2021, hosted by our central Eastern and Russian distribution partner. The LuViva system was demonstrated for doctors at a local clinic and the head Ob-Gyn physician s hospital has accepted the LuViva device into service and is expected to order additional Cervical Guides to test patients as part of her practice. 27 Table of Contents Critical Accounting Policies Our material accounting policies, which we believe are the most critical to investors understanding of our financial results and condition, are discussed below. Because we are still early in our enterprise development, the number of these policies requiring explanation is limited. As we begin to generate increased revenue from different sources, we expect that the number of applicable policies and complexity of the judgments required will increase. Revenue Recognition: ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers establishes a single and comprehensive framework which sets out how much revenue is to be recognized, and when. The core principle is that a vendor should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the vendor expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. Revenue will now be recognized by a vendor when control over the goods or services is transferred to the customer. In contrast, Revenue based revenue recognition around an analysis of the transfer of risks and rewards this now forms one of a number of criteria that are assessed in determining whether control has been transferred. The application of the core principle in ASC 606 is carried out in five steps: Step 1 - Identify the contract with a customer: a contract is defined as an agreement (including oral and implied), between two or more parties that creates enforceable rights and obligations and sets out the criteria for each of those rights and obligations. The contract needs to have commercial substance and it is probable that the entity will collect the consideration to which it will be entitled. Step 2 - Identify the performance obligations in the contract: a performance obligation in a contract is a promise (including implicit) to transfer a good or service to the customer. Each performance obligation should be capable of being distinct and is separately identifiable in the contract. Step 3 - Determine the transaction price: transaction price is the amount of consideration that the entity can be entitled to, in exchange for transferring the promised goods and services to a customer, excluding amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Step 4 - Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract: for a contract that has more than one performance obligation, the entity will allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation separately, in exchange for satisfying each performance obligation. The acceptable methods of allocating the transaction price include adjusted market assessment approach, expected cost plus a margin approach, and the residual approach in limited circumstances. Discounts given should be allocated proportionately to all performance obligations unless certain criteria are met and reallocation of changes in standalone selling prices after inception is not permitted. Step 5 - Recognize revenue as and when the entity satisfies a performance obligation: the entity should recognize revenue at a point in time, except if it meets any of the three criteria, which will require recognition of revenue over time: the entity s performance creates or enhances an asset controlled by the customer, the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefit of the entity s performance as the entity performs, and the entity does not create an asset that has an alternative use to the entity and the entity has the right to be paid for performance to date. Valuation of Deferred Taxes: We account for income taxes in accordance with the liability method. Under the liability method, we recognize deferred assets and liabilities based upon anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. We establish a valuation allowance to the extent that it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be utilized against future taxable income. Valuation of Equity Instruments Granted to Employee, Service Providers and Investors: On the date of issuance, the instruments are recorded at their fair value as determined using either the Black-Scholes valuation model or Monte Carlo Simulation model. 28 Table of Contents Allowance for Accounts Receivable: The Company reviews all outstanding accounts receivable for collectability on a quarterly basis. An allowance for doubtful accounts is recorded for any amounts deemed uncollectable. The allowance is adjusted based on our assessment of the ability of our distributors to make required payments and our review of the financial condition of our distributors. Inventory Valuation: All inventories are stated at lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost determined substantially on a first-in, first-out basis. Selling, general, and administrative expenses are not inventoried, but are charged to expense when incurred. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COMPARISON OF 2022 and 2021 Sales Revenue, Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit from Devices and Disposables: Revenues from the sale of LuViva devices and disposables for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 13,459, compared to 81,199 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of goods sold was 80,656 during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 60,715 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Cost of goods sold in the current year was due to an increase to the inventory reserve of 33,573 and write-offs of inventory. This resulted in gross loss of 67,197 and gross profit of 20,485 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. While we currently hold and expect to generate purchase orders for approximately 3.0 million in LuViva devices and disposables, supply chain issues due to COVID-19 have caused delays in our ability to procure the circuit boards that are needed to ship our products. As of December 31, 2022, we have deferred revenue balance of 509,101 for sales of our products, which will be recognized as revenue when our products are shipped. We anticipate recognizing revenue for these shipments in 2023. Research and Development Expenses: Research and development expenses were 76,892 and 68,682 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 8,210, or 12.0 , was primarily due to an increase in research and development clinical costs and payroll-related expenses. Sales and Marketing Expenses: Sales and marketing expenses were 181,024 and 141,492 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 39,532, or 27.9 , was primarily due to higher travel and payroll-related expenses. General and Administrative Expense: General and administrative expenses were 2,987,998 and 2,174,552 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 813,446, or 37.4 , was primarily due to 989,381 of additional consulting and legal expenses recognized, 32,070 of additional property taxes and an overall increase of 12,775 in other general expenses, such as rent, utilities and supplies. These increases were offset by a reduction in commissions and fees of 125,026 and a reduction in in payroll and benefits-related expenses of 62,155. Interest Expense: Interest expense during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 582,174 and 1,150,455, respectively. The decrease of 568,281 (or 49.4 ), was due to a decrease in debt, which is a result of the Company s concerted efforts to reduce debt through payoffs and exchanges. Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liability: The gain due to the change in fair value of the derivative liability during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 26,785, compared to a loss of 90,806 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The change in the fair value of the derivative liability was due to changes to our stock price during the period and a reduction in the principal amount of debt owed. Gain (Loss) from Extinguishment of Debt: The loss on extinguishment of debt during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 468,719, compared to a gain from extinguishment of debt of 577,825 during the year ended December 31, 2021. The loss recognized in the current year was primarily due to the Auctus Exchange Agreement, which was entered into on September 1, 2022 and resulted in a loss on extinguishment of 626,776. The loss was offset by debt forgiven in the current year. The gain recorded in the prior year was due to forgiveness of debt. 29 Table of Contents Change in Fair Value of Warrants: Gain from the change in the fair value of warrants was nil and 448,000 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The decrease was primarily due to (i) a change in the terms of the warrants during 2021, which resulted in reclassification of the warrant instruments from liabilities to equity and (ii) expiration of the warrants previously outstanding. Other Income: Other income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 18,551 and 508,483, respectively. The decrease of 489,932 (or 96.4 was primarily due to a write-off of a 350,000 liability and write-offs of accounts payable and accrued salaries in the prior year. Preferred Stock Dividends: Expense related to preferred stock dividends was 631,356 and 360,871 during years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase of 270,485 (or 75.0 was primarily due to payment of a one-time, non-recurring 15 dividends to the Series F and Series F-2 Preferred shareholders, as required by the Series F and Series F-2 Certificate of Designations in the event the Company did not uplist to the NASDAQ stock exchange or file its clinical data intended for FDA approval of LuViva by December 31, 2021. Net Loss: Net loss attributable to common stockholders was 4,972,174 and 2,431,725 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The reasons for the fluctuation are outlined above. There was no income tax benefit recorded for 2022 or 2021, due to recurring net operating losses. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Since our inception, we have raised capital through the public and private sale of debt and equity, funding from collaborative arrangements, and grants. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of approximately 2.31 million and negative working capital of 1.8 million. Our major cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of cash used by operating activities of 1.44 million and net cash provided by financing activities of 3.14 million, which was primarily attributed to proceeds from issuances of common stock and warrants. During 2021, the Company received 1,130,000 of cash from the sale of 10 debenture unit investments and incurred transactional fees of 86,400. The Company issued the finders 413,600 warrants for the Company s common stock shares. The investors received a total of 1,130,000 warrants for common stock shares. The debentures are convertible into 2,260,000 of the Company s common stock shares. During 2021, the Company received 2,114,000 of cash from the sale of equity securities and incurred transactional fees of 139,000. The Company also issued the finders 98,000 of the Company s common stock shares and 643,700 warrants for the Company s common stock shares. The investors received a total of 1,436 and 3,237 shares of Series F and Series F-2 preferred stock, respectively. Each share of Series F or Series F-2 preferred stock is convertible into 4,000 shares of the Company s common stock, at the election of the investor. During 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Richard Fowler, a former employee. As of December 31, 2020, the Company owed Mr. Fowler 546,214 412,624 in deferred salary and 133,590 in accrued interest). Mr. Fowler exchanged 50,000 of the amount owed of 546,214 for 50 share of Series F-2 Preferred Shares (convertible into 200,000 shares of common stock) and a 150,000 unsecured note. The note accrues interest at the rate of 6.0 (18.0 in the event of default) beginning on March 22, 2022 and is payable in monthly installments of 3,580 for four years, with the first payment being due on March 15, 2022. The effective interest rate of the note is 6.18 . As of December 31, 2022, Mr. Fowler forgave 147,605 and may forgive up to 198,610 of debt if the Company complies with the repayment plan described above. 30 Table of Contents Contingencies Based on the current outbreak of the Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, the pathogen responsible for COVID-19, which has already had an impact on financial markets, there could be additional repercussions in our operating business, including but not limited to, the sourcing of materials for product candidates, manufacture of supplies for preclinical and/or clinical studies, delays in clinical operations, which may include the availability or the continued availability of patients for trials due to such things as quarantines, conduct of patient monitoring and clinical trial data retrieval at investigational study sites. The future impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, and we cannot provide any assurance that the outbreak will not have a material adverse impact on our operations or future results or filings with regulatory health authorities. The extent of the impact, if any, we will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain the coronavirus. The conflict in Ukraine, which has already had an impact on financial markets, could result in additional repercussions in our operating business, including delays in obtaining regulatory approval to market our products in Russia. The future impact of the conflict is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, and we cannot provide any assurance that the conflict will not have a material adverse impact on our operations or future results or filings with regulatory health authorities. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no material off-balance sheet arrangements, no special purpose entities, and no activities that include non-exchange-traded contracts accounted for at fair value. Item 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. 31 Table of Contents Item 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 33 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 35 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 37 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Deficit for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 38 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 44 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 46 32 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Guided Therapeutics, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiary. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America US GAAP ). Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recurring losses from operations, limited cash flow, and an accumulated deficit. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Our opinion is not modified with respect to this matter. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risk of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 33 Table of Contents To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Guided Therapeutics, Inc. Page Two Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Going Concern Assessment The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As disclosed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations, negative operating cash flow, has a net accumulated deficit and expects to continue to incur losses for at least the next twelve months. This matter is also described in the Emphasis of Matter Substantial Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern section of our report. We identified management s judgments and assumptions used to assess the Company s ability to continue as a going concern as a critical audit matter due to inherent complexities and uncertainties related to the Company s projections of operations. Auditing these judgments and assumptions involved especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters. How the Critical Audit Matter was Addressed The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included the following: (1) evaluating management s assessment and assessing the reasonableness of key assumptions underlying management s conclusion, (2) evaluating the probability that the Company will be able to reduce note payable obligations and other operating expenditures if required, (3) assessing management s plans in the context of other audit evidence obtained during the audit to determine whether it supported or contradicted the conclusions reached by management. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2007. March 29, 2023 34 Table of Contents GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (in thousands) December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Inventory, net of reserves of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Other current assets Total current assets Non-Current Assets: Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use asset, net of amortization Other assets Total non-current assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT Current Liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable, related parties Accrued liabilities Deferred revenue Current portion of lease liability Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of long-term debt, related parties Short-term notes payable Short-term notes payable, related parties Convertible notes payable in default Short-term convertible notes payable, including nonconvertible penalty Total current liabilities Long-Term Liabilities Long-term lease liability Derivative liability Long-term convertible debt Long-term debt Long-term debt, related parties Total long-term liabilities Total liabilities 35 Table of Contents COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 7) STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT: Series C convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Liquidation preference of at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Series C1 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Liquidation preference of at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Series C2 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Series D convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Series E convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Series F convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Series F-2 convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Liquidation preference of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Series G convertible preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, nil shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Liquidation preference was nil at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock at cost Accumulated deficit Total stockholders deficit TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 36 Table of Contents GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (in thousands) Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Sales - devices and disposables Cost of goods sold Gross profit (loss) Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Loss from operations Other income (expense) Interest expense Change in fair value of derivative liability Gain (Loss) from extinguishment of debt Change in fair value of warrants Other income Total other income (expense) Loss before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Preferred stock dividends NET LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS NET LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS Basic Diluted Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 37 Table of Contents GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 (in thousands) Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Series C Series C1 Series C2 Series D Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2021 - Common stock warrants exercised - - - - Issuances of common stock to investors - - - - Issuances of warrants to investors - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series D preferred dividends - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series E preferred dividends - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series F preferred dividends - - - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series F-2 preferred dividends - - - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of interest - - - - Issuance of common stock for Series F and Series F-2 one-time 15 dividends - - - - Conversion of Series C-2 preferred stock to common stock - - - Conversion of Series D preferred stock to common stock - - - - Conversion of Series E preferred stock to common stock - - - - Conversion of Series F preferred stock to common stock - - - - Conversion of Series F-2 preferred stock to common stock - - - - Stock-based compensation - - - - Issuances of warrants to consultants - - - - Impact of Auctus exchange - - - - Accrued preferred dividends - - - - Net loss - - - - Balance at December 31, 2022 - 38 Table of Contents Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Series E Series F Series F-2 Series G Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2021 - Common stock warrants exercised - - - - Issuances of common stock to investors - - - - Issuances of warrants to investors - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series D preferred dividends - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series E preferred dividends - - - - - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series F preferred dividends - - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series F-2 preferred dividends - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of interest - - - - Issuance of common stock for Series F and Series F-2 one-time 15 dividends - - - - Conversion of Series C-2 preferred stock to common stock - - - - Conversion of Series D preferred stock to common stock - - - - Conversion of Series E preferred stock to common stock - - - Conversion of Series F preferred stock to common stock - - - - Conversion of Series F-2 preferred stock to common stock - - - Stock-based compensation - - - - Issuances of warrants to consultants - - - - Impact of Auctus exchange - - - - Accrued preferred dividends - - - - Net loss - - - - Balance at December 31, 2022 - - 39 Table of Contents Common Stock Additional Paid-In Treasury Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Stock Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2021 Common stock warrants exercised Issuances of common stock to investors Issuances of warrants to investors - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series D preferred dividends Issuance of common stock for payment of Series E preferred dividends Issuance of common stock for payment of Series F preferred dividends 162 Issuance of common stock for payment of Series F-2 preferred dividends Issuance of common stock for payment of interest Issuance of common stock for Series F and Series F-2 one-time 15 dividends Conversion of Series C-2 preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series D preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series E preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series F preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series F-2 preferred stock to common stock Stock-based compensation - Issuances of warrants to consultants - Impact of Auctus exchange Accrued preferred dividends - Net loss - Balance at December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated statements. 40 Table of Contents GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 (in thousands) Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Series C Series C1 Series C2 Series D Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 - Series F preferred offering - - - - Series F-2 preferred offering - - - - Conversion of debt and expenses for Series F-2 preferred stock - - - - Issuance of common stock to finders - - - - Series G preferred offering - - - - Series G redemption - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series D preferred dividends - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series E preferred dividends - - - - Issuance of warrants to consultants - - - - Warrants issued with debt - - - - Conversion of warrants from liabilities to equity - - - - Conversion of Series F Preferred shares into common stock - - - - Stock-based compensation - - - - Accrued preferred dividends - - - - Net loss - - - - Balance at December 31, 2021 41 Table of Contents Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Preferred Stock Series E Series F Series F-2 Series G Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2020 Series F preferred offering Series F-2 preferred offering Conversion of debt and expenses for Series F-2 preferred stock Issuance of common stock to finders - - - - Series G preferred offering Series G redemption Issuance of common stock for payment of Series D preferred dividends - - - - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series E preferred dividends - - - - Issuance of warrants to consultants - - - - Warrants issued with debt - - - - Conversion of warrants from liabilities to equity - - - - Conversion of Series F Preferred shares into common stock - - - - Stock-based compensation - - - - Accrued preferred dividends - - - - Net loss - - - - Balance at December 31, 2021 42 Table of Contents Common Stock Additional Paid-In Treasury Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Stock Deficit Total Balance at December 31, 2020 Series F preferred offering - Series F-2 preferred offering - Conversion of debt and expenses for Series F-2 preferred stock - Issuance of common stock to finders Series G preferred offering - Series G redemption - Issuance of common stock for payment of Series D preferred dividends Issuance of common stock for payment of Series E preferred dividends Issuance of warrants to consultants - Warrants issued with debt - Conversion of warrants from liabilities to equity - Conversion of Series F Preferred shares into common stock Stock-based compensation - Accrued preferred dividends - Net loss - Balance at December 31, 2021 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 43 Table of Contents GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (in thousands) Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Bad debt expense Inventory reserve Depreciation Amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts Amortization of beneficial conversion feature Stock based compensation Change in fair value of warrants Extinguishment of derivative liability Change in fair value of derivatives Amortization of lease right-of-use-asset Expense for warrants issued to consultants Loss on extinguishment of debt Gain from forgiveness of debt Other non-cash expenses Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventory Other current assets Other non-current assets Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Lease liabilities Deferred revenue NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchase of property and equipment NET CASH USED FOR INVESTING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from warrant exercises Proceeds from debt financing Payments made on notes payable Payments of debt issuance costs Note payable default penalty Proceeds from issuances of common stock, net of costs Proceeds from issuances of warrants, net of costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of costs Proceeds from Series F offering, net of costs Proceeds from Series F-2 offering, net of costs Proceeds from Series G offering, net of costs Redemption of Series G preferred stock NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 44 Table of Contents NET CHANGE IN CASH Cash at beginning of period CASH AT END OF PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE FOR OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Cash paid for interest SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE FOR NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Dividends on preferred stock Settlement of interest through common stock issuance Debt from related parties exchanged for preferred series F-2 Issuance of series F-2 preferred stock Issuance of warrants to finders in connection with Series F and Series F-2 preferred stock Settlement of dividends through common stock issuance Settlement of accounts payable through common stock issuance Warrants exchanged for fixed price warrants Warrants issued with debt Settlement of accounts payable through issuance of promissory note Issuance of common stock as debt repayment Conversion of Series C-2 Preferred Shares into common stock Conversion of Series D Preferred Shares into common stock Conversion of Series E Preferred Shares into common stock Conversion of Series F Preferred Shares into common stock Conversion of Series F-2 Preferred Shares into common stock Directors and officers insurance obtained with financing The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 45 Table of Contents GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) . On November 18, 2021, the Company submitted an Issuer Company Related Action Notification regarding the reverse stock split to the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ). On July 25, 2022, the Company filed a Certificate of Correction with the Secretary of State of Delaware to render null and void ab initio the Reverse Split Amendment and as a result, the Reverse Split was deemed null and void. Basis of Presentation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. In the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) considered necessary for a fair presentation of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of operations and cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 have been included. The Company s prospects must be considered in light of the substantial risks, expenses and difficulties encountered by entrants into the medical device industry. This industry is characterized by an increasing number of participants, intense competition and a high failure rate. The Company has experienced net losses since its inception and, as of December 31, 2022, it had an accumulated deficit of approximately 147.4 million. To date, the Company has engaged primarily in research and development efforts and the early stages of marketing its products. The Company may not be successful in growing sales for its products. Moreover, required regulatory clearances or approvals may not be obtained in a timely manner, or at all. The Company s products may not ever gain market acceptance and the Company may not ever generate significant revenues or achieve profitability. The development and commercialization of the Company s products requires substantial development, regulatory, sales and marketing, manufacturing and other expenditures. The Company expects operating losses to continue for the foreseeable future as it continues to expend substantial resources to complete development of its products, obtain regulatory clearances or approvals, build its marketing, sales, manufacturing and finance capabilities, and conduct further research and development. The Company is not organized by multiple operating segments for the purpose of making operating decisions or assessing performance. Accordingly, the Company operates in one reportable operating segment. The Company s principal decision maker is the Chief Executive Officer and acting Chief Financial Officer. Management believes that its business operates as one reportable segment because: a) the Company measures profit and loss as a whole; b) the principal decision makers do not review information based on any operating segment; c) the Company does not maintain discrete financial information on any specific segment; d) the Company has not chosen to organize its business around different products and services, and e) the Company has not chosen to organize its business around geographic areas. 46 Table of Contents million, accumulated deficit of million, and incurred a net loss including preferred dividends of million for the year then ended. Stockholders deficit totaled approximately 2.9 million at December 31, 2022, primarily due to recurring net losses from operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company raised million from the sale of common stock and warrants (net of expenses), and thousand of proceeds from warrant exercises. The Company will need to continue to raise capital in order to provide funding for its operations and FDA approval process. If sufficient capital cannot be raised, the Company will continue its plans of curtailing operations by reducing discretionary spending and staffing levels and attempting to operate by only pursuing activities for which it has external financial support. However, there can be no assurance that such external financial support will be sufficient to maintain even limited operations or that the Company will be able to raise additional funds on acceptable terms, or at all. In such a case, the Company might be required to enter into unfavorable agreements or, if that is not possible, be unable to continue operations, and to the extent practicable, liquidate and/or file for bankruptcy protection. The Company had warrants exercisable for approximately million shares of its common stock outstanding at December 31, 2022, with exercise prices ranging between and per share. Exercises of in-the-money warrants would generate a total of approximately million in cash, assuming full exercise, although the Company cannot be assured that holders will exercise any warrants. Management may obtain additional funds through the public or private sale of debt or equity, and grants, if available. Accounting Standard Updates Cash Equivalents Accounts Receivable 47 Table of Contents and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Inventory Valuation Work-in-progress Finished goods Inventory reserve Total inventory The company periodically reviews the value of items in inventory and provides write-downs or write-offs of inventory based on its assessment of market conditions. Write-downs and write-offs are charged to cost of goods sold. Property and Equipment Software Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Subtotal Less accumulated depreciation Property, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Depreciation expense related to property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was not material. 48 Table of Contents Patent Costs (Principally Legal Fees) and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Leases Accrued Liabilities Professional fees Interest Vacation Preferred dividends Stock subscription payable Other accrued expenses Total 49 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition 50 Table of Contents and , respectively. Significant Customers ; the outstanding amount was netted against a allowance, leaving a balance of which was from one distributor. As of December 31, 2021, accounts receivable outstanding was , the outstanding amount was netted against a allowance, leaving a balance of which was from two customers. Research and Development Income Taxes million of net operating losses carryforward available. This net operating loss will be eligible to be carried forward for tax purposes at federal and applicable states level. A full valuation allowance has been recorded related the deferred tax assets generated from the net operating losses. The Company recognizes uncertain tax positions based on a benefit recognition model. Provided that the tax position is deemed more likely than not of being sustained, the Company recognizes the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than likely of being ultimately realized upon settlement. The tax position is derecognized when it is no longer more likely than not of being sustained. The Company classifies income tax related interest and penalties as interest expense and selling, general and administrative expense, respectively, on the consolidated statements of operations. Warrants Stock Based Compensation 51 Table of Contents Derivatives . There was no movement of instruments between fair value hierarchy tiers during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 52 Table of Contents Total long-term liabilities at fair value Total long-term liabilities at fair value The following is a summary of changes to Level 3 instruments during the year ended December 31, 2022: Change in fair value during the year Balance, December 31, 2022 shares of its common stock, four year warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of Common Stock at per share and 6,711,540 shares of Common Stock at per share (the Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of (the Transaction ). After payment of all fees and expenses relating to the transaction, the Company received net proceeds of approximately 3.2 million. The primary use of proceeds is to fund the completion and filing of clinical study data needed for FDA approval of the Company s LuViva Advanced Cervical Scan. Additional use of proceeds is to support international distribution partners to grow sales throughout the remainder of 2022 and into 2023, as well as for general and administrative expenses. 53 Table of Contents shares of common stock with par value. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,2021, and shares were issued and outstanding, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 the Company issued and shares of common stock, respectively, as summarized in the following table: Shares issued for payment of Series E dividends Shares issued for payment of finder fee Conversion of Series F Preferred shares into common stock Issued during the year ended December 31, 2021 Issuances of common stock to investors Issuances of common stock for warrants exercised Issuances of common stock to Auctus for Exchange Agreement Issuances of common stock for payment of Series D Preferred dividends Issuances of common stock for payment of Series E Preferred dividends Issuances of common stock for payment of Series F Preferred dividends Issuances of common stock for payment of Series F-2 Preferred dividends Issuances of common stock for payment of interest Issuances of common stock for Series F one-time 15 dividend Issuances of common stock for Series F-2 one-time 15 dividend Conversion of Series C-2 Preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series D Preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series E Preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series F Preferred stock to common stock Conversion of Series F-2 Preferred stock to common stock Issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 Summary table of common stock transactions: Shares outstanding at December 31, 2020 Common shares issued during the year ended December 31, 2021 Shares outstanding at December 31, 2021 13,673,583 Common shares issued during the year ended December 31, 2022 34,922,132 Shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 Auctus Exchange On October 11, 2022, the Company issued common shares to Auctus pursuant to the fourth amendment of an exchange agreement entered into on June 2, 2021. Refer to Note 9, Auctus Convertible Debt for details. Preferred Stock The Company has authorized shares of preferred stock with a par value. The board of directors has the authority to issue these shares and to set dividends, voting and conversion rights, redemption provisions, liquidation preferences, and other rights and restrictions. 54 Table of Contents shares outstanding with a conversion price of per share, such that each share of Series C preferred stock would convert into approximately shares of the Company s common stock; for a total of common shares, subject to customary adjustments, including for any accrued but unpaid dividends and pursuant to certain anti-dilution provisions, as set forth in the Series C certificate of designations. The conversion price will automatically adjust downward to 80 of the then-current market price of the Company s common stock 15 trading days after any reverse stock split of the Company s common stock, and 5 trading days after any conversions of the Company s outstanding convertible debt. Holders of the Series C preferred stock are entitled to quarterly cumulative dividends at an annual rate of .0 until 42 months after the original issuance date (the Dividend End Date ), payable in cash or, subject to certain conditions, the Company s common stock. Unpaid accrued dividends were as of December 31, 2022. Upon conversion of the Series C preferred stock prior to the Dividend End Date, the Company will also pay to the converting holder a make-whole payment equal to the number of unpaid dividends through the Dividend End Date on the converted shares. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the make-whole payment for a converted share of Series C preferred stock would convert to shares of the Company s common stock. The Series C preferred stock generally has no voting rights except as required by Delaware law. Upon the Company s liquidation or sale to or merger with another corporation, each share will be entitled to a liquidation preference of , plus any accrued but unpaid dividends. Series C1 Convertible Preferred Stock The board designated shares of preferred stock as Series C1 Preferred Stock, of which .25 shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. In addition, some holders separately agreed to exchange each share of the Series C1 Preferred Stock held for one (1) share of the Company s newly created Series C2 Preferred Stock. In total, for .25 shares of Series C1 Preferred Stock to be surrendered, the Company issued 3,262.25 shares of Series C2 Preferred Stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Series C2 had a conversion price of per share, such that each share of Series C preferred stock would convert into approximately 2,000 shares of the Company s common stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were .25 shares outstanding with a conversion price of per share, such that each share of Series C1 preferred stock would convert into approximately shares of the Company s common stock; for a total of common shares. The Series C1 preferred stock has terms that are substantially the same as the Series C preferred stock, except that the Series C1 preferred stock does not pay dividends (unless and to the extent declared on the common stock) or at-the-market make-whole payments and, while it has the same anti-dilution protections afforded the Series C preferred stock, it does not automatically reset in connection with a reverse stock split or conversion of our outstanding convertible debt. Series C2 Convertible Preferred Stock On August 31, 2018, the Company entered into agreements with certain holders of the Company s Series C1 Preferred Stock, including the chairman of the Company s board of directors, and the Chief Operating Officer and a director of the Company pursuant to which those holders separately agreed to exchange each share of the Series C1 Preferred Stock held for one (1) share of the Company s newly created Series C2 Preferred Stock. In total, for 3,262.25 shares of Series C1 Preferred Stock to be surrendered, the Company issued 3,262.25 shares of Series C2 Preferred Stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and .25 shares outstanding, respectively, each with a conversion price of per share, such that each share of Series C preferred stock would convert into approximately shares of the Company s common stock; for a total of and common shares, respectively. 55 Table of Contents per share) of such share of Series C2 Preferred Stock by the purchase price of the securities sold in the Qualified Financing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares for the conversion of .25 shares of Series C2 Preferred stock. Series D Convertible Preferred Stock The Board designated shares of preferred stock as Series D Preferred Stock, of which remained outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On January 8, 2020, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors the Series D Investors pursuant to all obligations under the Series D Certificate of Designation. The Series D Investors included the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and a director of the Company. In total, for 763,000 the Company issued shares of Series D Preferred Stock, common stock shares, 1,526,000 common stock warrants, exercisable at , and 1,526,000 common stock warrants, exercisable at . Each Series D Preferred Stock is convertible into 3,000 common shares. The Series D Preferred Stock will have cumulative dividends at the rate per share of 10 per annum. Each share of Series D Preferred Stock has a par value of 0.001 per share and a Stated Value equal to 1,000. The 438 Series D Preferred Shares are convertible into debt at the option of the holder during a prescribed time period. If the Series D Preferred Shares are converted, the Series D preferences are surrendered and the debt is then secured by the Company s assets. As of December 31, 2022, none of the Series D Preferred Shares have been converted to secured debt. Each share of Series D Preferred is convertible, at any time for a period of 5 years after issuance, into that number of shares of Common Stock, determined by dividing the stated value by 0.25, subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Series D Certificate of Designation (the Series D Conversion Price ). The conversion of Series D Preferred is subject to a 4.99 beneficial ownership limitation, which may be increased to at the election of the holder of the Series D Preferred. If the average of the VWAPs (as defined in the Series D Certificate of Designation) for any consecutive 5 trading day period Measurement Period exceeds of the then Series D Conversion Price and the average daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the primary trading market exceeds shares per trading day during the Measurement Period (subject to adjustments), the Company may redeem the then outstanding Series D Preferred, for cash in an amount equal to aggregate Stated Value then outstanding plus accrued but unpaid dividends. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company entered into various agreements with Series D Preferred shareholders, pursuant to which each holder separately agreed to exchange their Series D Preferred shares into the Company s common shares (in accordance with their existing Series D Preferred Share Agreements). In addition, the holders agreed to exchange common stock warrants with a strike price of 0.25 for warrants with a strike price of , which were required to be immediately exercised. The Company received 130,000 from the holders for exercises of the aforementioned warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares for the conversion of shares of Series D Preferred Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares of common stock for the payment of accrued Series D Preferred Stock dividends. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued dividends for Series D preferred shares of . 56 Table of Contents shares of preferred stock as Series E Preferred Stock, of which remain outstanding. Each share of Series E Preferred is convertible, at any time for a period of years after issuance, into that number of shares of Common Stock, determined by dividing the Stated Value by , subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Series E Certificate of Designation (the Series E Conversion Price ). The conversion of Series E Preferred is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which may be increased to at the election of the holder of the Series E Preferred. If the average of the VWAPs (as defined in the Series E Certificate of Designation) for any consecutive 5 trading day period Measurement Period exceeds of the then Series E Conversion Price and the average daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the primary trading market exceeds shares per trading day during the Measurement Period (subject to adjustments), the Company may redeem the then outstanding Series E Preferred, for cash in an amount equal to aggregate Stated Value then outstanding plus accrued but unpaid dividends. Each share of Series E Preferred Stock has a par value of per share and a Stated Value equal to . Each holder of Series E Preferred Stock is entitled to receive cumulative dividends of 8 per annum, payable annually on the Stated Value in cash or, following the listing of the Company s common stock on certain Canadian trading markets and at the option of the Company, shares of common stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares for the conversion of 847.5 shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares for the payment of Series E Preferred Stock dividends. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued dividends for Series E preferred shares of . Series F Convertible Preferred Stock The Board designated shares of preferred stock as Series F Preferred Stock, and of which were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors the Series F Investors ). In total, for the Company issued 1,436 shares of Series F Preferred Stock. Each Series F Preferred Stock is convertible into common stock shares. The Series F Preferred Stock is entitled to cumulative dividends at the rate per share of per annum. The stated value on the Series F Preferred Stock is 1,000. Each share of Series F Preferred is convertible, at any time for a period of years after issuance, into that number of shares of Common Stock, determined by dividing the Stated Value by , subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Series F Certificate of Designation (the Series F Conversion Price ). The conversion of Series F Preferred is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which may be increased to at the election of the holder of the Series F Preferred. If the average of the VWAPs (as defined in the Series F Certificate of Designation) for any consecutive 5 trading day period Measurement Period exceeds 200 of the then Series F Conversion Price and the average daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the primary trading market exceeds shares per trading day during the Measurement Period (subject to adjustments), the Company may redeem the then outstanding Series F Preferred, for cash in an amount equal to aggregate Stated Value then outstanding plus accrued but unpaid dividends. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares for the conversion of shares of Series F Preferred stock and common stock shares for the payment of annual Series F Preferred Stock dividends. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares for the payment of a one-time, non-recurring 15 dividend to the Series F Preferred shareholders (as required by the Series F Certificate of Designation, in the event the Company did not uplist to the NASDAQ stock exchange or file its clinical data intended for FDA approval of LuViva by December 31, 2021). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued dividends for Series F preferred shares of . 57 Table of Contents shares of preferred stock as Series F-2 Preferred Stock, and of which were issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2021, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement with certain accredited investors the Series F-2 Investors ). In total, for the Company issued 678 shares of Series F-2 Preferred Stock. In addition, the Company exchanged outstanding debt of for shares of Series F-2 Preferred Stock. Each Series F-2 Preferred Stock is convertible into common stock shares. The Series F-2 Preferred Stock will have cumulative dividends at the rate per share of per annum. The stated value on the Series F-2 Preferred Stock is . Each share of Series F-2 Preferred is convertible, at any time for a period of years after issuance, into that number of shares of Common Stock, determined by dividing the Stated Value by , subject to certain adjustments set forth in the Series F-2 Certificate of Designation (the Series F-2 Conversion Price ). The conversion of Series F-2 Preferred is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which may be increased to at the election of the holders of the Series F-2 Preferred. If the average of the VWAPs (as defined in the Series F-2 Certificate of Designation) for any consecutive 5 trading day period Measurement Period exceeds of the then Series F-2 Conversion Price and the average daily trading volume of the Common Stock on the primary trading market exceeds shares per trading day during the Measurement Period (subject to adjustments), the Company may redeem the then outstanding Series F-2 Preferred, for cash in an amount equal to aggregate Stated Value then outstanding plus accrued but unpaid dividends. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares for the conversion of 2,702 shares of Series F-2 Preferred stock and common stock shares for the payment of annual Series F-2 Preferred Stock dividends. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common stock shares for the payment of a one-time, non-recurring dividend to the Series F-2 Preferred shareholders (as required by the Series F-2 Certificate of Designation in the event the Company did not uplist to the NASDAQ stock exchange or file its clinical data intended for FDA approval of LuViva by December 31, 2021). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had accrued dividends for Series F-2 Preferred shares of . Powerup (Series G Convertible Preferred Stock) During January 2021, the Company finalized an investment by Power Up Lending Group Ltd. Power Up invested , net to the Company is , for shares of Series G preferred stock with additional tranches of financing up to in the aggregate over the terms of the Series G preferred stock. Series G will be non-voting on any matters requiring shareholder vote. The Series G Preferred Stock will have cumulative dividends at the rate per share of per annum. At any time during the period indicated below, after the date of the issuance of shares of Series G preferred stock, the Company will have the right, at the Company s option, to redeem all of the shares of Series G preferred stock by paying an amount equal to: (i) the number of shares of Series G preferred stock multiplied by then stated value (including accrued dividends); (ii) multiplied by the corresponding percentage as follows: . After the expiration of the 180 days following the issuance date, except for mandatory redemption, the Company shall have no right to redeem the Series G preferred stock. Mandatory redemption occurs within 24 months. In addition, if the Company does not redeem the Series G preferred stock then Power Up will have the option to convert to common stock shares. The variable conversion price will be the value equal to a discount of 19 off of the trading price; which is calculated as the average of the three lowest closing bid prices over the last fifteen trading days. The conversion of Series G Preferred is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which may be increased to at the election of the holder of the Series G Preferred. The Company has redeemed all of the Series G preferred stock and the balance is paid. During February 2021, the Company finalized an investment by Power Up Lending Group Ltd. Power Up invested , net to the Company is , for shares of Series G preferred stock with additional tranches of financing up to in the aggregate over the terms of the Series G preferred stock. Series G will be non-voting on any matters requiring shareholder vote. The Series G Preferred Stock will have cumulative dividends at the rate per share of per annum. At any time during the period indicated below, after the date of the issuance of shares of Series G preferred stock, the Company will have the right, at the Company s option, to redeem all of the shares of Series G preferred stock by paying an amount equal to: (i) the number of shares of Series G preferred stock multiplied by then stated value (including accrued dividends); (ii) multiplied by the corresponding percentage as follows: . After the expiration of the 180 days following the issuance date, except for mandatory redemption, the Company shall have no right to redeem the Series G preferred stock. Mandatory redemption occurs within 24 months. In addition, if the Company does not redeem the Series G preferred stock then Power Up will have the option to convert to common stock shares. The variable conversion price will be the value equal to a discount of 19 off of the trading price; which is calculated as the average of the three lowest closing bid prices over the last fifteen trading days. The conversion of Series G Preferred is subject to a beneficial ownership limitation, which may be increased to at the election of the holder of the Series G Preferred. 58 Table of Contents was recorded as a liability. On June 4, 2021, the Company redeemed the January 2021 investment of for , this difference was recorded as interest expense. On July 8, 2021, the Company redeemed the February 2021 investment of for . The difference of was recorded as interest expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount outstanding was nil. Warrants The following table summarizes transactions involving the Company s outstanding warrants to purchase common stock for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Warrants issued Warrants cancelled/expired Warrants exchanged Warrants exercised Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Warrants issued Warrants cancelled/expired Warrants exchanged Warrants exercised Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Warrant Transactions 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to investors (see Recent Sales of Securities above); the proceeds from which were allocated to the warrants on an allocated fair-value basis. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company exchanged warrants for newly issued warrants in accordance with an exchange agreement with Auctus. See Note 9, Auctus Convertible Debt for details. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to consultants as consideration for performing services. The expense for such warrants will be recognized on a pro-rata basis over the term of their respective agreements. 59 Table of Contents Years Volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued common shares for warrants exercised, of which were for warrants exercised prior to December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had received approximately of proceeds for the exercise of 145,544 warrants, which was included in Accrued Liabilities as of December 31, 2022 pending issuance of the common shares. Warrant Exchanges 2021 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into various agreements with holders of the Company s 0.20 strike price warrants, pursuant to which each holder separately agreed to exchange common stock warrants with a strike price of for common stock warrants with a strike price of and a contractual term of 15 days. During December 31, 2021, the Company received approximately from the holders for the exercise of warrants, which was included in Accrued Liabilities as of December 31, 2021, pending issuance of the common shares. The Company measured the effect of the exchange as the excess of fair value of the exchanged instruments over the fair value of the original instruments and determined the effect of the exchange was nil. Management estimated the fair value of the warrants issued utilizing the Black-Scholes Option Pricing model with the following assumptions: years Volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into various agreements with holders of the Company s strike price warrants, pursuant to which each holder separately agreed that in the event the Company obtains financing of at least million, of common stock warrants with a strike price of will be exchanged for warrants with terms identical to the warrants granted in the financing and cash payments totaling approximately , which are due within ten (10) business days of closing of the new financing. In the event Company is not successful in obtaining financing greater than million, the warrant s terms remain unchanged and the common share warrants will expire on their original date. . As of December 31, 2022, the warrants had expired. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into various agreements with holders of the Company s strike price warrants, pursuant to which each holder separately agreed that in the event the Company obtains financing of at least million, of common stock warrants with a strike price of will be exchanged for warrants with the same price but with terms identical to the new warrants granted in the financing. In the event Company is not successful in obtaining financing greater than million, the warrant s terms will remain unchanged and the common share warrants will expire on their original date. . As of December 31, 2022, the warrants had expired. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with GPB Debt Holdings II LLC GPB ), pursuant to which GPB agreed that in the event the Company obtains financing of at least million, of common stock warrants with a strike price of will be exchanged for warrants with terms identical to the warrants granted in the financing and a cash payment of . In the event Company is not successful in obtaining financing greater than million, the warrant s terms remain unchanged and the common share warrants will expire on their original date. The new warrants, which will vest six months after the closing of a financing greater than million, will have a of the Company s outstanding common shares at any one point in time after completion of the financing. 60 Table of Contents and incurred fees due on these debentures of . The Company issued the finders warrants for the Company s common stock shares which expire on May 31, 2023 and an additional warrants to purchase the Company s common stock shares which expire on . The investors received a total of warrants for common stock shares, which expire on May 17, 2023. During 2021, the Company issued equity investments in the amount of and incurred fees due on these investments of . The Company also issued the finders of the Company s common stock shares and warrants, which expire in the first half of 2024. and expire from the date of grant. The plan provides for stock options to be granted up to of the outstanding common stock shares. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized stock-based compensation expense of and , respectively. The following table summarizes the Company s stock option activity and related information for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Options granted Options forfeited Options expired Options outstanding as of December 31, 2021 years Options exercisable as of December 31, 2021 years Options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 years Options exercisable as of December 31, 2022 years The aggregate intrinsic value is calculated as the difference between the Company s closing stock price as of December 31, 2022 and the exercise price, multiplied by the number of options. As of December 31, 2022, there was total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense. Such costs are expected to be recognized during 2023. The weighted-average fair value of awards granted was nil and during the years December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 61 Table of Contents years Volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield square foot leased property. Total operating lease cost recognized for this lease was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The below table presents total operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Operating lease liabilities The table below presents the maturities of operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022: 2024 2025 2026 Total future lease payments Less: discount Total lease liabilities 62 Table of Contents Weighted average discount rate Related Party Contracts On June 5, 2016, the Company entered into a license agreement with Shenghuo Medical, LLC pursuant to which the Company granted Shenghuo an exclusive license to manufacture, sell and distribute LuViva in Taiwan, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, Laos, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam. Shenghuo was already the Company s exclusive distributor in China, Macau and Hong Kong, and the license extended to manufacturing in those countries as well. Under the terms of the license agreement, once Shenghuo was capable of manufacturing LuViva in accordance with ISO 13485 for medical devices, Shenghuo would pay the Company a royalty equal to 2.00 or of the distributor price (subject to a discount under certain circumstances), whichever is higher, per disposable distributed within Shenghuo s exclusive territories. In connection with the license grant, Shenghuo was to underwrite the cost of securing approval of LuViva with Chinese Food and Drug Administration. At its option, Shenghuo also would provide up to 1.0 million in furtherance of the Company s efforts to secure regulatory approval for LuViva from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, in exchange for . Pursuant to the license agreement, Shenghuo had the option to have a designee appointed to the Company s board of directors (current director Richard Blumberg is the designee). On September 6, 2016, the Company entered into a royalty agreement with one of its directors, John Imhoff, and another stockholder, Dolores Maloof, pursuant to which the Company sold to them a royalty of future sales of single-use cervical guides for LuViva. Under the terms of the royalty agreement, and for consideration of , the Company will pay them an aggregate perpetual that the Company sells (or that is sold by a third party pursuant to a licensing arrangement with the Company). On January 22, 2020, the Company entered into a promotional agreement with Blumberg Bowles Consulting, LLC BB ), which is partially owned by Mr. Blumberg (a related party), to provide investor and public relations services for a period of two years. As compensation for these services, the Company will issue a total of warrants, broken into four tranches of . The warrants have a strike price of and are subject to vesting based upon the close of the Series D offering and a minimum share price based on the 30-day VWAP. If the minimum share price per the terms of the agreement is not achieved, the warrants will expire three years after the issuance date. The warrants were valued using the Black Scholes model on the grant date of January 22, 2020, which resulted in a total fair value of . During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized and of consulting expenses as a result of this agreement, respectively. Unrecognized consulting expense to be recognized under this agreement is nil as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued warrants to Mr. Blumberg and warrants Lee Bowles, a partial owner of BB. 63 Table of Contents , which was recorded to subscription receivable, to the Company in exchange for the following: (1) . The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: .0 Years Volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of expense for the warrants issued to Mr. Blumberg. Total unrecognized expense for the warrants was as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized of expense for the common shares due to Mr. Blumberg. As the shares had not been issued as of December 31, 2022, the Company estimated the total amount of expense utilizing the closing price of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, , whether from a financing, series of financing, or gross sales. The amended agreement clarified that the warrants issued to Mr. Blumberg are compensation for services, which involve investor relations, marketing services and assisting the Company with obtaining financing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company obtained the requisite funding receipts and recorded of expense for the warrants, which will be issued to Mr. Blumberg over a period of 24 months subsequent to the financing. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: Years Volatility Risk-free interest rate Dividend yield Other Commitments On July 24, 2019, Shandong Yaohua Medical Instrument Corporation SMI ), agreed to modify its existing agreement. Under the terms of this modification, the Company agreed to grant (1) exclusive manufacturing rights, excepting the disposable cervical guides for the Republic of Turkey, and the final assembly rights for Hungary, and (2) exclusive distribution and sales for LuViva in jurisdictions, subject to the following terms and conditions. First, SMI shall complete the payment for parts, per the purchase order, for five additional LuViva devices. Second, in consideration for the that the Company received, SMI will receive common stock shares. Third, SMI shall honor all existing purchase orders it has executed to date with the Company, in order to maintain jurisdiction sales and distribution rights. If SMI needs to purchase cervical guides, then it will do so at a cost including labor, plus ten percent markup. The Company will provide 200 cervical guides at no cost for the clinical trials. Fourth, the Company and SMI will make best efforts to sell devices after CFDA approval. With an initial estimate of year one sales of 200 LuViva devices; year two sales of 500 LuViva devices; year three sales of 1,000 LuViva devices; and year four sales of 1,250 LuViva devices. Fifth, SMI shall pay for entire costs of securing approval of LuViva with the Chinese FDA. Sixth, SMI shall arrange, at its sole cost, for a manufacturer in China to build tooling to support manufacturing. In addition, SMI retains the right to manufacture for China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan, where SMI has distribution and sales rights. For each single-use cervical guide sold by SMI in the jurisdictions, SMI shall transfer funds to escrow agent at a rate of per device chip. If within 18 months of the license s effective date, SMI fails to achieve commercialization of LuViva in China, SMI shall no longer have any rights to manufacture, distribute or sell LuViva. Commercialization is defined as: filing an application with the Chinese FDA for the approval of LuViva; any assembly or manufacture of the devices or disposables that begins in China; and purchase of at least 10 devices and disposables for clinical evaluations and regulatory use and or sales in the jurisdictions. 64 Table of Contents as of September 30, 2022. Under the terms of the amended agreement, the parties agreed that if by October 30, 2022, SMI fails to achieve commercialization of LuViva in China, SMI shall no longer have any rights to manufacture, distribute or sell LuViva. Although our Chinese partner SMI missed the date in the contract when they should have achieved commercialization, patients continue to be enrolled in the clinical studies in China which is sponsored and being paid for by SMI. We continue to work with SMI to finish the clinical study and are in discussions with them to provide additional time to achieve commercialization. A revised agreement reflecting these discussions was signed in the first quarter of 2023. Refer to Note 13, Subsequent Events. On August 24, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Ironstone Capital Corp. and Alan Grujic (the Advisory Group whereby the Advisory Group agreed to perform marketing and investor relations services over a term of twelve months, commencing on the closing of a financing of at least 2.5 million. In consideration for these services, the Company issued warrants with an exercise price of to Mr. Grujic, which were due within 10 business days of closing the financing transaction (the Transaction that took place in September 2022 (see Note 4, Recent sales of securities . In the event the Company s 20 trading day variable weighted average price VWAP exceeds 1.00 within one year of the closing of the financing, the Company will issue warrants with an exercise price of to Mr. Grujic. In the event the Company s 20 trading day VWAP exceeds 1.50, the Company will issue an additional warrants to Mr. Grujic. Once issued, the warrants vest immediately and will expire two years from the date of issuance. If the Company s U.S. clinical study is not completed and filed with the U.S. FDA or if the Chinese NMPA (formerly Chinese FDA) approval is not granted by each due date for reaching each respective pricing milestone, then the due date for reaching each milestone shall be extended by six months. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company also agreed to pay the Advisory Group 2,000 per month for 12 months, starting the month after the closing of the Transaction. Mr. Grujic joined our board of directors subsequent to December 31, 2022 and is considered a related party. See Note 13, Subsequent Events . The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants issued in September 2022 using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and recognized expense of for the warrants during the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants with market conditions using the Binomial Lattice model and recognized expense of for the warrants (representing the pro rata expense over the expected term of the warrants) during the year ended December 31, 2022. Contingencies Based on the current outbreak of the Coronavirus SARS-CoV-2, the pathogen responsible for COVID-19, which has already had an impact on financial markets, there could be additional repercussions to the Company s operating business, including but not limited to, the sourcing of materials for product candidates, manufacture of supplies for preclinical and/or clinical studies, delays in clinical operations, which may include the availability or the continued availability of patients for trials due to such things as quarantines, conduct of patient monitoring and clinical trial data retrieval at investigational study sites. The future impact of the outbreak is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, and the Company cannot provide any assurance that the outbreak will not have a material adverse impact on the Company s operations or future results or filings with regulatory health authorities. The extent of the impact to the Company, if any, will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain the coronavirus. The conflict in Ukraine, which has already had an impact on financial markets, could result in additional repercussions in our operating business, including delays in obtaining regulatory approval to market our products in Russia. The future impact of the conflict is highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, and we cannot provide any assurance that the conflict will not have a material adverse impact on our operations or future results or filings with regulatory health authorities. 65 Table of Contents . Monthly payments of are due on the note, , had an outstanding balance of and nil as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. On July 4, 2021, the Company entered into a premium finance agreement to finance its insurance policies totaling . The note required monthly payments of , including . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was nil and , respectively. During 2019, the Company issued promissory notes to Mr. Cartwright totaling . interest, however interest increased to interest 90 days after the Company received in financing proceeds . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance on the notes was and , respectively. On December 21, 2016 and January 19, 2017, the Company issued promissory notes to Mr. Fowler, in the amounts of approximately and . . As part of the March 22, 2021 exchange agreement these notes were combined into one short term note payable of and in principal and interest of the two previous notes, respectively, for a total balance of . The aforementioned agreement brought the note current. The note carried a monthly payment of , including interest at 6.0 , until it matured in March 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was nil and respectively. The following table summarizes short-term notes payable, including related parties: Mr. Fowler (related party) Premium Finance (insurance) Short-term notes payable As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the short-term notes payable due to related parties was and , respectively. million. The note may not have been prepaid in whole or in part except as otherwise explicitly allowed. Any amount of principal or interest on the note which was not paid when due shall bore interest at the rate of the lessor of or the maximum permitted by law (the default interest ). The variable conversion prices equaled the lesser of: (i) the lowest trading price on the issue date, and (ii) the variable conversion price. The ), minus per share, provided however that in no event could the variable conversion price be less than . If an event of default under this note occurred and/or the note was not extinguished in its entirety prior to December 17, 2020, the 0.15 price floor no longer applied. 66 Table of Contents of debt, including an early prepayment penalty of , default premiums of , and in interest payable. Auctus agreed to reduce the amount owed to and to revert the May 27, 2020 note to its original term. Additionally, Auctus agreed to exchange warrants that were priced between and and the prepayment penalty for common shares, warrants to purchase common shares at per share and warrants to purchase common shares at per share (the Exchange ). As a result of the Exchange Agreement, Auctus forgave a default penalty of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repaid to Auctus pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement (the Repayment ), of which was applied to principal and penalties and was applied to interest payable. Following the Exchange and Repayment, the Company will make payments to Auctus in four installments, over an 18-month period. The first installment of was paid on September 8, 2022, of which was applied to outstanding principal and was applied to interest payable. As a result of the Exchange Agreement, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of 626,776 during the year ended December 31, 2022. The following table summarizes the Auctus Convertible Notes Payable: Auctus prepayment penalty Auctus (March 31, 2020 Note) Debt discount and issuance costs to be amortized Auctus convertible notes payable As of December 31, 2022, of the total balance owed to Auctus is included in Short-term convertible notes payable, including non-convertible penalty within the consolidated balance sheet. The remaining balance is included in Long-term convertible debt within the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the Auctus note was included in Convertible notes payable in default while the remaining balances were included in Short-term convertible notes payable, including non-convertible penalty within the consolidated balance sheet. Troubled Debt Restructuring During 2021, the prepayment penalty to Auctus was recorded as debt extinguished for Short-term Convertible Notes Payable. This prepayment penalty resulted in a loss of . In addition, the gain recognized for the extinguishment of the derivative liability due to the payoff of the loan to Auctus of was recorded. This debt extinguished met the criteria for troubled debt. The basic criteria are that the borrower is troubled, i.e., they are having financial difficulties, and a concession is granted by the creditor. for a promissory note dated September 4, 2018. On July 20, 2018, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Dr. Cartwright, whereby Dr. Cartwright agreed to exchange outstanding amounts due to him for loans, interest, bonus, salary and vacation pay in the amount of for a promissory note dated September 4, 2018 that incurs interest at a rate of per annum. 67 Table of Contents , matures on , and will accrue interest at a rate of . For Dr. Faupel the principal amount on the new note was , matures on February 18, 2023, and will accrue interest at a rate of 6.0 . The modifications extended the maturity date on both of the notes. On February 19, 2021, the Company exchanged and of long-term debt for Dr. Cartwright and Dr. Faupel in exchange for and shares of Series F-2 Preferred Stock, respectively. The table below summarizes the detail of the exchange agreement: Bonus Vacation Interest on compensation Loans to Company Interest on loans Total outstanding prior to exchange Amount forgiven Total Interest accrued through December 31, 2020 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2020 Exchanged for Series F-2 Preferred Stock Interest and salaries accrued through December 31, 2021 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2021 Interest accrued in the year ended December 31, 2022 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 68 Table of Contents Bonus Loans to Company Interest on loans Total outstanding prior to exchange Amount forgiven Total Interest accrued through December 31, 2020 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2020 Exchange for Series F-2 Preferred Stock Interest and salaries accrued through December 31, 2021 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2021 Interest accrued in the year ended December 31, 2022 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 On March 22, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Richard Fowler. As of December 31, 2020, the Company owed Mr. Fowler in deferred salary and in accrued interest). The Company exchanged 50,000 of the amount owed of for share of Series F-2 Preferred Shares (convertible into common stock shares), and a unsecured note. The note accrues interest at the rate of 6 in the event of default) beginning on March 22, 2022 and is payable in monthly installments of for four years, with the first payment due on March 15, 2022. The effective interest rate of the note is . During the year ended December 31, 2022, Mr. Fowler forgave of the outstanding balance of deferred compensation and may forgive up to of the remaining deferred compensation if the Company complies with the repayment plan described above. The reduction in the outstanding balance met the criteria for troubled debt. The basic criteria are that the borrower is troubled, i.e., they are having financial difficulties, and a concession is granted by the creditor. The outstanding principal amount owed on the note was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Future debt obligations at December 31, 2022 for debt owed to related parties is as follows: 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Total As of December 31, 2022, of the debt owed to related parties is included in Current portion of long-term debt, related parties and is included in Long-term debt, related parties within the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding debt owed is included in Long-term debt, related parties within the consolidated balance sheet. 69 Table of Contents . The loan accrued interest at a rate of , and matured in months, with the principal and interest payments being deferred until the date of forgiveness with interest accruing, then converting to monthly principal and interest payments, at the interest rate provided herein, for the remaining eighteen (18) months. During the year ended December 31, 2021, of the loan balance was forgiven. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance was nil and , respectively, and is included in Current portion of long-term debt within the consolidated balance sheet. Accrued interest on the note was nil and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 10 Senior Unsecured Convertible Debenture On May 17, 2021, the Company issued Senior Unsecured convertible debentures to investors, which mature on (the Maturity Date ). The Company subscribed of the convertible debentures. The terms of the debentures are as follows: 1) the principal amount of some or all of the convertible debentures and accrued interest are convertible into common stock shares at the holder s option, at a price of per common stock share (the conversion price ), subject to adjustment in certain events, at any time prior to maturity date; 2) upon successful uplist to a U.S. National Exchange, the note will automatically convert into the uplisting financing; 3) ; 4) if a Change of Control (as defined in the Convertible Debenture Certificate) occurs prior to the Maturity Date, unless the holder elects in writing to convert the Convertible Debentures into common shares, the Company will repay in cash upon the closing of such Change of Control all outstanding principal and accrued interest under each Convertible Debenture plus a Change of Control premium equal to an additional of the outstanding principal sum under such Convertible Debenture. Prior to the closing of an Change of Control, in lieu of repayment as set forth in the preceding sentence, the holder has the right to elect in writing to convert, effective immediately prior to the effective date of such Change of Control, all outstanding principal and accrued Interest under the Convertible Debentures into common shares at the Conversion Price; 5) Subject to a holder s option of electing conversion prior to the Redemption Date (as such term is defined below), on or after the date that is 24 months from the Closing Date if the daily volume weighted average trading price of the common shares is 1.50 per common share or more for each trading day over a 30 consecutive trading day period, the Company may, at any time (the Redemption Date ), at its option, redeem all, or any portion of the Convertible Debentures for either: (i) a cash payment (in the form of a certified cheque or bank draft) that is equal to all outstanding principal and accrued interest under each Convertible Debenture up to the Redemption Date; or (ii) by issuing and delivering common shares to the holders of Convertible Debentures at a deemed price of per common share that is equal to all outstanding principal and accrued interest under each Convertible Debenture up to the Redemption Date, or any combination of (i) or (ii), upon not less than 30 days and not more than 60 days prior written notice in the manner provided in the Debenture Certificate, to the holder of Convertible Debentures. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance due on the Senior Secured Convertible Debenture was and total accrued interest was and , respectively. The bond payable discount and unamortized debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented below (in thousands): Debt Issuance costs to be amortized Debt Discount Senior Secured Convertible Debenture As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the entire balance of the Senior Secured Convertible Debenture is included in Long-term convertible debt within the consolidated balance sheet. 70 Table of Contents , Mr. Wells received the following: (i) cash payments of (ii) an unsecured promissory note in the amount of to be executed within 30 days of completing new financing(s) totaling at least million, (iii) common share stock options that vest at a rate of per month and have a exercise price (if two consecutive payments in (ii) are not made the stock options will be canceled and a cash payment will be required and (iv) the total amount of forgiveness by creditor of approximately shall be prorated according to amount paid. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company closed a financing round that exceeded the million threshold and issued an unsecured promissory note in the amount of to Mr. Wells. The note, for which monthly installment payments of are due, matures 18 months after the issuance date and incurs interest at a rate of per annum. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company made payments of to Mr. Wells, which resulted in forgiveness of of the remaining balance of accrued compensation. The reduction in the outstanding balance met the criteria for troubled debt. The basic criteria are that the borrower is troubled, i.e., they are having financial difficulties, and a concession is granted by the creditor. As of December 31, 2022, the outstanding principal balance on the note was , and is included in Current portion of long-term debt within the consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, the outstanding balance on the note was 97,052, of which was included in Current portion of long-term debt and was included in Long-term debt. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, accrued interest on the note was and , respectively. 71 Table of Contents Basic weighted average number of shares outstanding Net loss per share (basic) Diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding Net loss per share (diluted) Dilutive equity instruments (number of equivalent units): Stock options Preferred stock Convertible debt Warrants Total Dilutive instruments For period of net loss, basic and diluted earnings per share are the same as the assumed exercise of warrants and the conversion of convertible debt and preferred stock are anti-dilutive. Troubled Debt Restructurings - 2022 During the year ended December 31, 2022, three of the Company s creditors forgave of debt. The reductions in the outstanding balances met the criteria for troubled debt. The basic criteria are that the borrower is troubled, i.e., they are having financial difficulties, and a concession is granted by the creditor. During the year ended December 31, 2022, , or 0.01 per share . Troubled Debt Restructurings - 2021 As provided in the preceding footnotes, several transactions met the basic criteria for troubled debt, which are that the borrower is troubled, i.e., they are having financial difficulties, and a concession is granted by the creditor. Due to the Company being in default on several of its loans the debt is considered troubled debt. During the year ended December 31, 2021, , or 0.01 per share . million to offset its future income tax liability. The company has recorded deferred tax assets but reserved against, due to uncertainties related to utilization of NOLs as well as calculation of effective tax rate. Utilization of existing NOL carryforwards may be limited in future years based on significant ownership changes. The company is in the process of analyzing their NOL and has not determined if the company has had any change of control issues that could limit the future use of NOL. NOL carryforwards that were generated after 2017 of approximately million may only be used to offset of taxable income and are carried forward indefinitely. 72 Table of Contents Accrued executive compensation Reserves and other Net operating loss carryforwards Valuation allowance Net deferred tax assets The following is a summary of the items that caused recorded income taxes to differ from taxes computed using the statutory federal income tax rate for the years ended December 31: State taxes, net of federal benefit Nondeductible expenses Valuation allowance Effective tax rate The Company applies the applicable authoritative guidance which prescribes a comprehensive model for the manner in which a company should recognize, measure, present and disclose in its financial statements all material uncertain tax positions that the Company has taken or expects to take on a tax return. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has no uncertain tax positions. There are no uncertain tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within twelve months from December 31, 2022. The Company files federal income tax returns and income tax returns in various state tax jurisdictions with varying statutes of limitations. The Company has filed its 2021 federal and state corporate tax returns. The provision for income taxes as of the dates indicated consisted of the following (in thousands) December 31: Deferred Deferred provision (credit) Change in valuation allowance Total provision for income taxes In 2022 and 2021, our effective tax rate differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate due to the valuation allowance over our deferred tax assets. stock options to employees, executives and directors of the Company. The stock options, which have exercise prices of , will expire on February 9, 2033. One fourth of the stock options vested immediately, while the remaining options will vest over a period of 33 months, beginning on May 10, 2023. On March 7, 2023, the Company granted 100,000 stock options, which have exercise prices of and will expire on March 6, 2033, to Alan Grujic, upon appointing him to the Board of Directors (see Changes to Named Executive Officers and Directors , below). 73 Table of Contents unvested stock options granted to him on February 10, 2023. On March 7, 2023, the Board appointed Dr. Mark Faupel, Ph.D., the Company s Chief Operating Officer since December 2016, to replace Mr. Cartwright as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, effective as of March 6, 2023. On March 7, 2023, the Board appointed Mr. Alan Grujic to replace Mr. Cartwright on the Board, effective March 8, 2023. Mr. Grujic was not appointed as a member of any of the committees of the Board. Warrants Issued and Exchanged Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company issued 3-year warrants with an exercise price of and common shares to Richard Blumberg. The securities were issued in accordance with a consulting agreement the Company entered into on March 10, 2021. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company entered into various agreements with holders of the Company s 0.25 strike price warrants, pursuant to which each holder separately agreed to exchange a total of 1,025,000 common stock warrants with a strike price of for 973,750 common stock warrants with a strike price of 0.20 and a contractual term requiring immediate exercise of the warrants. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, the Company received approximately from the holders for the exercises of the warrants. Common Stock Issuances Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock pursuant to the warrant exchanges described above. See Warrants Issued and Exchanged. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock for exercises of warrants. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock to Mr. Blumberg, a related party, pursuant to a consulting agreement. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock for the payment of interest. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock for Series D dividends. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock for Series E dividends and shares of common stock for the conversion of Series E Preferred shares. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock for Series F dividends and shares of common stock for the conversion of Series F Preferred shares. Subsequent to December 31, 2022, we issued shares of common stock for Series F-2 dividends and shares of common stock for the conversion of Series F Preferred shares. 74 Table of Contents Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission Commission rules and forms. We carried out an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer/Acting Chief Financial Officer, Gene Cartwright, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer/Acting Chief Financial Officer has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were ineffective as of December 31, 2022, due to the existence of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, described below, that we have yet to fully remediate. Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer/Acting Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer/Chief Financial Officer and implemented by our board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorization of our management and directors; and (ii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of their inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Principal Executive Officer/Principal Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the 2013 version of the Internal Control Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was ineffective as of December 31, 2022, due to the existence of the material weakness described below: The Company lacks the resources to properly research and account for complex transactions. This deficiency has resulted in a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. This annual report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Commission that permit non-accelerated filers to provide only the management s report in their annual reports on Form 10-K. There were no changes to the Company s internal controls over financial reporting occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 75 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our executive officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of our board of directors. The following table lists information about our directors and executive officers: Name Age Position with Guided Therapeutics Mark Faupel, Ph.D. 67 Chief Executive Officer, President, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Director Michael C. James 64 Chairman and Director Richard P. Blumberg 66 Director John E. Imhoff, M.D. 73 Director Alan Grujic 55 Director Mark Faupel, Ph.D. , rejoined us as Chief Operating Officer and director on December 8, 2016. On March 7, 2023, the Board appointed Dr. Mark Faupel to replace Mr. Cartwright as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, effective as of March 6, 2023. He previously served on our board of directors through 2013 and has more than 30 years of experience in developing non-invasive alternatives to surgical biopsies and blood tests, especially in the area of cancer screening and diagnostics. Dr. Faupel was one of our co-founders and also served as our Chief Executive Officer from May 2007 through 2013. Prior thereto was our Chief Technical Officer from April 2001 to May 2007. Dr. Faupel has served as a National Institutes of Health reviewer, is the inventor on 26 U.S. patents and has authored numerous scientific publications and presentations, appearing in such peer-reviewed journals as The Lancet. Dr. Faupel earned his Ph.D. in neuroanatomy and physiology from the University of Georgia. Dr. Faupel is also a shareholder of Shenghuo Medical, LLC. Michael C. James has served as a member of our Board of Directors since March 2007 and as Chairman of the Board since October 2013. Mr. James is a founder of Edible Garden AG Incorporated and has served as Chief Financial Officer and a director since inception in March 2020. Mr. James previously served as Chief Financial Officer of Unrivaled Brands, Inc. (formerly Terra Tech) from February 2012 to March 2020. In addition to this role, Mr. James served as the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Inergetics, Inc. from June 2012 until January 2016. Previously, Mr. James served as Chief Executive Officer of Nestor,the Inc. Nestor ), where he successfully completed a financial restructuring of Nestor prior to its sale in September 2009 from the Receiver s Estate in Superior Court of the State of Rhode Island. He also served on Nestor s Board of Directors from 2006 to 2009. Mr. James was the Managing Partner of Kuekenhof Capital Management, LLC, a private investment management company, from 1999 to 2015. During his career, Mr. James has served as a Partner at Moore Capital Management, Inc., a premiere private investment management company; Chief Financial and Administrative Officer at Buffalo Partners, L.P., a private investment management company; and Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of National Discount Brokers. Mr. James began his career in 1980 as a staff accountant with EisnerAmper, LLP. Mr. James is a retired CPA. Mr. James received a B.S. degree in Accounting from Fairleigh Dickinson University in 1980. Mr. James has experience both in the areas of company finance and accounting, which is invaluable to us during financial audits and offerings. Mr. James has extensive experience in the management of both small and large companies and his entrepreneurial background is relevant as we develop as a company. Richard P. Blumberg was appointed to the Board of Directors on November 10, 2016 and resigned on March 27, 2019, but was reappointed on September 1, 2020. Mr. Blumberg has been a long-time investor in the Company. Since 1978, Mr. Blumberg has been a Principal at Webster, Mrak Blumberg, a medical-legal and class action labor litigation firm. He is also currently a Managing Member of K2 Medical, LLC formerly known as Shenghuo Medical, LLC Shenghuo ), a company with licensing rights in several Asian countries for the Company s LuViva Advanced Cervical Scan, and is a Managing Member of Elysian Medical, LLC, a company with world-wide rights for certain breast cancer detection technology. He served from 2004 to 2007 as Chief Executive Officer of Energy Logics, a wind power company that developed projects in Alberta, Canada and Montana. Mr. Blumberg holds a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science from the University of Illinois and received a J. D. from Stanford University. He also brings extensive experience as a venture capitalist specializing in high-tech and life science companies. 76 Table of Contents John E. Imhoff, M.D. has served as a member of our Board of Directors since April 2006. Dr. Imhoff is an ophthalmic surgeon who specializes in cataract and refractive surgery. He is one of our principal stockholders and invests in many other private and public companies. He has a B.S. in Industrial Engineering from Oklahoma State University, an M.D. from the University of Oklahoma and completed his ophthalmic residency at the Dean A. McGee Eye Institute. He has worked as an ophthalmic surgeon and owner of Southeast Eye Center since 1983. Dr. Imhoff has experience in clinical trials and in other technical aspects of a medical device company. His background in industrial engineering is especially helpful to us, especially as Dr. Imhoff can combine this knowledge with clinical applications. His experience in the investment community is invaluable to a public company often undertaking capital raising efforts. Alan Grujic was appointed to serve as a member of our Board of Directors in March 2023. Mr. Grujic earned a bachelor s degree in electrical engineering from the University of Toronto and an MBA with a concentration in finance from the University of British Columbia. After commencing his engineering career at CAMI Automotive (Ingersoll, Ontario), Mr. Grujic began a new career in international finance where he was promoted to Director at TD Bank from 1994 to 2002. While in this role, he was stationed in various cities including Toronto, London, and Tokyo. In 2002, Mr. Grujic co-founded and was a managing partner of Infinium Securities, a company which was a large participant in the U.S. and European financial markets, and, at times, was the top equity trader in Canada. In 2012, Mr. Grujic founded Galiam Capital, a hedge fund that raised most of its capital from several large financial institutions. This fund was the largest new quantitative fund launch in 2012. Most recently, Mr. Grujic served as Managing Partner and Chief Executive Officer of All of Us Financial, which he sold to a large publicly listed fintech company in 2021. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our directors and executive officers and persons who beneficially own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file reports of ownership and reports of changes in ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission. These persons are required by regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely on our review of the copies of these forms received by us, we believe that, with respect to fiscal year 2022, our officers and directors were in compliance with all applicable filing requirements. Code of Ethics We have adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of our directors, officers and employees. To obtain a copy without charge, contact our Corporate Secretary, Guided Therapeutics, Inc., 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092. If we amend our code of ethics, other than a technical, administrative or non-substantive amendment, or we grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the code that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, we will disclose the nature of the amendment or waiver on our website, www.guidedinc.com,within the Investor Relations section. Also, we may elect to disclose the amendment or waiver in a report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 77 Table of Contents Risk Oversight Our board as a whole has responsibility for risk oversight, with reviews of certain areas being conducted by the relevant board committees that report on their deliberations to the full board, as further described below. Given the small size of the board, the board feels that this structure for risk oversight is appropriate (except for those risks that require risk oversight by independent directors only). The audit committee is specifically charged with discussing risk management (primarily financial and internal control risk) and receives regular reports from management and independent auditors on risks related to, among others, our financial controls and reporting. Mr. James is the Chairman, while Dr. Imhoff and Mr. Blumberg are members of the audit committee. The compensation committee reviews risks related to compensation and makes recommendations to the board with respect to whether the Company s compensation policies are properly aligned to discourage inappropriate risk-taking and is regularly advised by management. Dr. Imhoff is the Chairman, while Mr. James and Mr. Blumberg are members of the compensation committee. The Company s management regularly communicates with the board to discuss important risks for their review and oversight, including regulatory risk, and risks stemming from periodic litigation or other legal matters in which we are involved. Material Changes to Security Holders Nomination Procedure There has been no material change to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the registrant s board of directors since the last disclosure. Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary Compensation Table The following table lists specified compensation we paid or accrued during each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 to the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Operating Officer, collectively referred to as the named executive officers, in 2022. On March 3, 2023, Dr. Gene Cartwright notified the Board of Directors the Company of his intent to retire from his position as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and as a member of the Board. The below tables reflect the previous roles and compensation paid to the named executive officers for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Name and Principal Position Year Salary ) (2) Bonus ) Option Awards ) Other ) (3) Total ) (1) Gene S. Cartwright, Ph.D. - President, CEO, Acting CFO and Director 2022 12,000 - - - 12,000 2021 12,000 - - - 12,000 Mark Faupel, Ph.D. - COO and Director 2022 12,000 - - 34,912 46,912 2021 12,000 - - 29,370 41,370 (1) All amounts reported as accrued. Dr. Cartwright, Dr. Faupel, and Mr. Fowler have elected not to get paid a salary, due to our cash position. (2) Dr. Cartwright and Dr. Faupel accrued 1,000 per month as compensation; the amounts have not been paid. (3) Other expenses are related to the Company health insurance plan Outstanding Equity Awards to Officers at December 31, 2022 Name and Principal Position Number of Securities Underlying Vested Options Number of Securities Underlying Unvested Options Weighted-Average Exercise Price Weighted-Average Expiration Date Gene S. Cartwright, Ph.D. - 345,455 54,545 0.49 07/12/30 President, CEO, Acting CFO and Director Mark Faupel, Ph.D. - COO and Director 345,455 54,545 0.49 07/12/30 The grant date fair value of each individual equity award granted to executives, computed in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , was 193,115. 78 Table of Contents Outstanding Equity Awards to Directors at December 31, 2022 Name and Principal Position Number of Securities Underlying Vested Options Number of Securities Underlying Unvested Options Weighted-Average Exercise Price Weighted-Average Expiration Date Michael C. James, Chairman and Director 50,000 - 0.49 07/12/30 John E. Imhoff, M.D., Director 50,000 - 0.49 07/12/30 The grant date fair value of each individual equity award granted to directors, computed in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , was 24,139. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table lists information regarding the beneficial ownership of our equity securities as of March 23, 2023 by (1) each person whom we know to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock, (2) each director, (3) each officer named in the summary compensation table below, and (4) all directors and executive officers as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each officer and director is 5835 Peachtree Corners East, Suite B, Norcross, Georgia 30092. Common Stock Beneficially Owned (2) Series C2 Preferred Stock (5) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Number of Shares Percentage Number of Shares Percentage Blumberg, Richard (10) 10,489,967 18.19 - - Grujic, Alan (11) 2,616,037 4.97 - - Faupel, Mark (12) 1,825,065 3.50 299.25 11.08 Imhoff, John (13) 11,277,231 19.65 2,400.75 88.92 James, Michael (14) 462,773 - - DRG Services, LLC (15) 3,000,000 5.71 - - Fieldhouse Pro Funds Inc. Class P (16) 2,606,523 5.12 - - Grimm, Frederick (17) 3,498,320 6.66 - - K2 Medical LLC (18) 2,277,042 4.36 - - Auctus (19) 14,228,676 23.21 - - GPB Holdings (20) 9,135,152 18.09 - - All directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons) (21) 26,671,073 38.82 - - Series D Preferred Stock (6) Series E Preferred Stock (7) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Number of Shares Percentage Number of Shares Percentage Blumberg, Richard (10) - - 233 26.39 Grujic, Alan (11) - - 50 5.66 Faupel, Mark (12) 38 8.68 - - Imhoff, John (13) 300 68.49 - - James, Michael (14) - - - - DRG Services, LLC (15) - - - - Fieldhouse Pro Funds Inc. Class P (16) - - - - Grimm, Frederick (17) - - - - K2 Medical LLC (18) - - - - Auctus (19) - - 105 11.89 GPB Holdings (20) - - - - All directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons) (21) 338 77.17 283 32.05 79 Table of Contents Series F Preferred Stock (8) Series F-2 Preferred Stock (9) Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Number of Shares Percentage Number of Shares Percentage Blumberg, Richard (10) 260 25.34 88.00 16.92 Grujic, Alan (11) - - - - Faupel, Mark (12) - - 97.00 18.65 Imhoff, John (13) 10 - - James, Michael (14) - - - - DRG Services, LLC (15) - - - - Fieldhouse Pro Funds Inc. Class P (16) - - - - Grimm, Frederick (17) - - - - K2 Medical LLC (18) 440 42.88 - - Auctus (19) 200 19.49 - - GPB Holdings (20) - - - - All directors and executive officers as a group (5 persons) (21) 270 26.32 185 35.58 ) Less than 1 . (1) Except as otherwise indicated in the footnotes to this table and pursuant to applicable community property laws, the persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of common stock. (2) Percentage ownership is based on 50,505,463 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 23, 2022 . Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, based on factors that include voting and investment power with respect to shares. Shares of common stock subject to convertible securities convertible or exercisable within 60 days after the record date, are deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of the person holding those securities but are not deemed outstanding for purposes of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. Note that certain of our outstanding securities, including certain warrants and the shares of Series C1 preferred stock held by the persons listed in this table, have anti-dilution ratchet or price-protection provisions that, when triggered, will increase the number of shares of common stock underlying such securities. Subject to customary exceptions, these provisions are triggered anytime we issue shares of common stock to third parties at a price lower than the then-current conversion price or exercise price of the subject securities. As a result, the beneficial ownership reported in this table is only as of the date presented, and the beneficial ownership amounts of the persons in this table may increase on a future date, even though such persons have not actually acquired any additional shares of common stock. (3) As of March 23, 2023, there were 286 shares of Series C preferred stock outstanding, and each such share was convertible into approximately 2,000 shares of common stock. (4) As of March 23, 2023, there were 1,049.25 shares of Series C1 preferred stock outstanding, and each such share was convertible into approximately 2,000 shares of common stock. (5) As of March 23, 2023, there were 2,700 shares of Series C2 preferred stock outstanding, and each such share was convertible into approximately 2,000 shares of common stock. (6) As of March 23, 2023, there were 438 shares of Series D preferred stock outstanding, and each such share was convertible into approximately 3,000 shares of common stock. (7) As of March 23, 2023, there were 883 shares of Series E preferred stock outstanding, and each such share was convertible into approximately 2,000 shares of common stock. (8) As of March 23, 2023, there were 1,026 shares of Series F preferred stock outstanding, and each such share was convertible into approximately 4,000 shares of common stock. (9) As of March 23, 2023, there were 520 shares of Series F-2 preferred stock outstanding, and each such share was convertible into approximately 4,000 shares of common stock. (10) Beneficial ownership includes 3,340,967 shares of common stock directly held, 4,725,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants, 932,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 233 shares of Series E preferred stock, 1,040,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 260 shares of Series F preferred stock, 352,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 88 shares of Series F-2 preferred stock, and 100,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. (11) Beneficial ownership includes 516,037 shares of common stock directly held, 1,800,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants, 200,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 50 shares of Series E preferred stock and 100,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. (12) Beneficial ownership includes 124,565 shares of common stock directly held, 598,500 shares issuable upon conversion of 299.25 shares of Series C-2 preferred stock, 114,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 38 shares of Series D preferred stock, 388,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 97 shares of Series F-2 preferred stock and 600,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. (13) Beneficial ownership includes 4,385,731 shares of common stock directly held, 1,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants, 4,801,500 shares issuable upon conversion of 2,400.75 shares of Series C-2 preferred stock, 900,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 300 shares of Series D preferred stock, 40,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 10 shares of Series F preferred stock and 150,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. (14) Beneficial ownership includes 112,773 shares of common stock directly held, 200,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants and 150,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock options. (15) Beneficial ownership includes 1,000,000 shares of common stock directly held and 2,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. (16) Beneficial ownership includes 2,156,523 shares of common stock directly held, 250,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants and 200,000 shares issuable upon conversion of the 10 debenture. (17) Beneficial ownership includes 1,498,320 shares of common stock directly held and 2,000,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants. (18) Beneficial ownership includes 517,042 shares of common stock directly held and 1,760,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 440 shares of Series F preferred stock. (19) Beneficial ownership includes 3,991,698 shares of common stock directly held, 7,800,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants, 420,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 105 shares of Series E preferred stock, 800,000 shares issuable upon conversion of 200 shares of Series F preferred stock and 1,216,978 shares issuable upon conversion of debt. (20) Beneficial ownership includes 9,135,152 shares of common stock directly held. (21) Includes the beneficial ownership of Richard Blumberg (10), Alan Grujic (11), Mark Faupel (12), John Imhoff (13) and Michael James (14). Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Our board recognizes that related person transactions present a heightened risk of conflicts of interest. The audit committee has the authority to review and approve all related party transactions involving our directors or executive officers. Under the policy, when management becomes aware of a related person transaction, management reports the transaction to the audit committee and requests approval or ratification of the transaction. Generally, the audit committee will approve only related party transactions that are on terms comparable to those that could be obtained in arm s length dealings with an unrelated third person. The audit committee will report to the full board all related person transactions presented to it. Based on the definition of independence of the NASDAQ Stock Market, the board has determined that Mr. James and Dr. Imhoff are independent directors. Long-Term Debt Related Parties. On July 14, 2018, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Dr. Faupel, whereby Dr. Faupel agreed to exchange outstanding amounts due to him for loans, interest, bonus, salary and vacation pay in the amount of 660,895 for a 207,111 promissory note dated September 4, 2018. On July 20, 2018, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Dr. Cartwright, whereby Dr. Cartwright agreed to exchange outstanding amounts due to him for loans, interest, bonus, salary and vacation pay in the amount of 1,621,499 for a 319,000 promissory note dated September 4, 2018 that incurs interest at a rate of 6 per annum. On July 24, 2019, Dr. Faupel and Mr. Cartwright agreed to an addendum to the debt restructuring exchange agreement and to modify the terms of the original exchange agreement. Under this modification Dr. Faupel and Mr. Cartwright agreed to extend the note to be due in full on the third anniversary of that agreement. 80 Table of Contents On February 19, 2021, the Company entered into new promissory notes replacing the original notes from September 4, 2018, with Mark Faupel and Gene Cartwright. For Dr. Cartwright the principal amount on the new note was 267,085, matures on February 18, 2023, and will accrue interest at a rate of 6.0 . For Dr. Faupel the principal amount on the new note was 153,178, matures on February 18, 2023, and will accrue interest at a rate of 6.0 . On February 18, 2023 the Company amended the terms of the notes and extended the maturity dates on the notes to February 18, 2025. On February 19, 2021, the Company exchanged 100,000 and 85,000 of long-term debt for Dr. Cartwright and Dr. Faupel in exchange for 100 and 85 shares of Series F-2 Preferred Stock, respectively. The tables below summarize the detail of the exchange agreements: For Dr. Faupel: Salary 134 Bonus 20 Vacation 95 Interest on compensation 67 Loans to Company 196 Interest on loans 149 Total outstanding prior to exchange 661 Amount forgiven (454 Total Interest accrued through December 31, 2020 29 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2020 236 Exchanged for Series F-2 Preferred Stock (85 Interest and salaries accrued through December 31, 2021 10 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2021 161 Interest accrued in the year ended December 31, 2022 9 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 170 81 Table of Contents For Dr. Cartwright Salary 337 Bonus 675 Loans to Company 528 Interest on loans 81 Total outstanding prior to exchange 1,621 Amount forgiven (1,302 Total Interest accrued through December 31, 2020 45 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2020 364 Exchange for Series F-2 Preferred Stock (100 Interest and salaries accrued through December 31, 2021 17 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2021 281 Interest accrued in the year ended December 31, 2022 16 Balance outstanding at December 31, 2022 297 On March 22, 2021, the Company entered into an exchange agreement with Richard Fowler. As of December 31, 2020, the Company owed Mr. Fowler 546,214 412,624 in deferred salary and 133,590 in accrued interest). The Company exchanged 50,000 of the amount owed of 546,214 for 50 share of Series F-2 Preferred Shares (convertible into 200,000 common stock shares), and a 150,000 unsecured note. The note accrues interest at the rate of 6 (18 in the event of default) beginning on March 22, 2022 and is payable in monthly installments of 3,580 for four years, with the first payment due on March 15, 2022. The effective interest rate of the note is 6.18 . During the nine months ended September 30, 2022, Mr. Fowler forgave 43,057 of the outstanding balance of deferred compensation and may forgive up to 216,604 of the remaining deferred compensation if the Company complies with the repayment plan described above. The reduction in the outstanding balance met the criteria for troubled debt. The basic criteria are that the borrower is troubled, i.e., they are having financial difficulties, and a concession is granted by the creditor. The outstanding principal amount owed on the note was approximately 119,814 as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the debt owed to related parties, including current and long term portions, was approximately 587,005. As of December 31, 2021, the debt owed to related parties was 592,025. Promotional Agreement - Blumberg Bowles Consulting, LLC BB On January 22, 2020, the Company entered into a promotional agreement with Blumberg Bowles Consulting, LLC BB ), which is partially owned by Mr. Blumberg (a related party), to provide investor and public relations services for a period of two years. As compensation for these services, the Company will issue a total of 5,000,000 warrants, broken into four tranches of 1,250,000. The warrants have a strike price of 0.25 and are subject to vesting based upon the close of the Series D offering and a minimum share price based on the 30-day VWAP. If the minimum share price per the terms of the agreement is not achieved, the warrants will expire three years after the issuance date. The warrants were valued using the Black Scholes model on the grant date of January 22, 2020, which resulted in a total fair value of 715,000. The Company did not appropriately expense the services received in connection with this agreement in 2020. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized approximately 79,444 of consulting expenses as a result of this agreement. Unrecognized consulting expense to be recognized under this agreement is nil as of December 31, 2022. On July 1, 2022, pursuant to the promotional agreement, the Company issued 875,000 warrants to Mr. Blumberg and 375,000 warrants Mr. Lee Bowles, a partial owner of BB. 82 Table of Contents Consulting Agreement - Richard Blumberg On March 10, 2021, the Company entered into a consulting agreement with Richard Blumberg. As a result of the consulting agreement Mr. Blumberg provided 350,000, which was recorded to subscription receivable, to the Company in exchange for the following: (1) on September 26, 2021, 900,000 3-year warrants with an exercise price of 0.30 and 400,000 common stock shares; (2) on March 26, 2022, 900,000 3-year warrants with an exercise price of 0.40 and 400,000 common stock shares; (3) on September 26, 2022, 900,000 3-year warrants with an exercise price of 0.50 and 400,000 common stock shares; and (4) on March 26, 2023, 900,000 3-year warrants with an exercise price of 0.60 and 400,000 common stock shares. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: Expected term 3.0 Years Volatility 108.65 Risk-free interest rate 4.25 Dividend yield 0.00 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 393,893 of expense for the warrants issued to Mr. Blumberg. Total unrecognized expense for the warrants was 740,520 as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized 166,667 of expense for the common shares due to Mr. Blumberg. As the shares had not been issued as of December 31, 2022, the Company estimated the total amount of expense utilizing the closing price of the Company s common stock as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the consulting agreement was amended to clarify that 350,000 is not intended to be debt and will not be required to be repaid in cash. The Company confirmed an obligation to provide Mr. Blumberg with 950,000 fully transferrable warrants, which will expire on January 1, 2024 and have an exercise price of 0.25. Issuance of the warrants owed to Mr. Blumberg for his services is now predicated on the Company receiving funding receipts of 1,000,000, whether from a financing, series of financing, or gross sales. The amended agreement clarified that the warrants issued to Mr. Blumberg are compensation for services, which involve investor relations, marketing services and assisting the Company with obtaining financing. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company obtained the requisite funding receipts and recorded 307,457 of expense for the warrants, which will be issued to Mr. Blumberg over a period of 24 months subsequent to the financing. The Company estimated the fair value of the warrants using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the following assumptions: Expected term 1.3 Years Volatility 164.63 Risk-free interest rate 4.05 Dividend yield 0.00 September Private Placement - Richard Blumberg, Michael James, John Imhoff and Alan Grujic Mr. Blumberg invested 500,000 in the September Private Placement and received 1,000,000 Private Placement Shares, 1,000,000 September 0.50 Warrants and 1,000,000 September 0.65 Warrants. Dr. Imhoff invested 250,000 in the September Private Placement and received 500,000 Private Placement Shares, 500,000 September 0.50 Warrants and 500,000 September 0.65 Warrants. Mr. James invested 50,000 in the September Private Placement and received 100,000 Private Placement Shares, 100,000 September 0.50 Warrants and 100,000 September 0.65 Warrants. Mr. Grujic invested 250,000 in the September Private Placement and received 500,000 Private Placement Shares, 500,000 September 0.50 Warrants and 500,000 September 0.65 Warrants. Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions All future transactions between us and our officers, directors or five percent stockholders, and respective affiliates will be on terms no less favorable than could be obtained from unaffiliated third parties and will be approved by a majority of our independent directors who do not have an interest in the transactions and who had access, at our expense, to our legal counsel or independent legal counsel. 83 Table of Contents Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, provide that we will indemnify each of our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL. Further, we intend to enter into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and officers, and we intend to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our directors and officers against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment under certain circumstances. For further information, see Elimination of Monetary Liability for Officers and Directors. To the best of our knowledge, during the past two fiscal years, other than as set forth above, there were no material transactions, or series of similar transactions, or any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, to which we were or are to be a party, in which the amount involved exceeds the lesser of (A) 120,000 or (B) one percent of our average total assets at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years, and in which any director or executive officer, or any security holder who is known by us to own of record or beneficially more than 5 of any class of our common stock, or any member of the immediate family of any of the foregoing persons, has an interest (other than compensation to our officers and directors in the ordinary course of business). Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES UHY LLP is our current independent registered public accounting firm. We were billed by UHY LLP approximately 238,372 and 191,470 during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, for professional services, which include fees associated with the annual audit of financial statements, as well as the 10-K annual report, review of our quarterly reports, and other SEC filings. Representatives of UHY are expected to be available at the annual meeting of shareholders to respond to appropriate questions and will have an opportunity to make comments if they desire to do so. The following table summarizes the professional fees we were billed by UHY LLP during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 2022 2021 Audit fees 152,500 168,000 Audit related fees 4,705 15,900 Tax fees 9,345 4,570 S-1 related fees 71,822 3,000 Total fees 238,372 191,470 Audit Committee Pre-Approval Policy and Permissible Non-Audit Services of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Our Audit Committee pre-approves all audit and permissible non-audit services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. These services may include audit services, audit-related services, tax services and other services. Pre-approval is generally provided for up to one year, and any pre-approval is detailed as to the particular service or category of services and is generally subject to a specific budget. Our independent registered public accounting firm and management are required to periodically report to the Audit Committee regarding the extent of services provided by the independent registered public accounting firm in accordance with the pre-approval, and the fees for the services performed to date. The Audit Committee may also pre-approve particular services on a case-by-case basis. 84 Table of Contents P ART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules The consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this report are filed as part of this report. The exhibits listed below are filed as part hereof, or incorporated by reference into, this Report. All documents referenced below were filed pursuant to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 by Guided Therapeutics, Inc. (f/k/a SpectRx, Inc.), file number 0-22179, unless otherwise indicated. Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 1.1 Form of Underwriting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended through November 3, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 15, 2016) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed March 23, 2012) 3.3 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed November 15, 2018) 3.4 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 3.5 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.5 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 3.6 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.6 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 3.7 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series F-2 Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed on June 10, 2021) 3.8 Certificate of Designation of Preferences, Rights and Limitations of Series G Convertible Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.8 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 3.9 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of Guided Therapeutics, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed on January 7, 2022) 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the amended registration statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-22429) filed April 24, 1997) 4.2 Secured Promissory Note, dated September 10, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed September 10, 2014) 4.3 Amendment #1 to Secured Promissory Note, dated March 10, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed March 19, 2015) 4.4 Amendment #2 to Secured Promissory Note, dated May 4, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2015) 4.5 Amendment #3 to Secured Promissory Note, dated June 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed June 5, 2015) 4.6 Amendment #4 to Secured Promissory Note, dated June 16, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the current report on Form 8-K filed June 30, 2015) 4.7 Amendment #5 to Secured Promissory Note, dated June 29, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the current report on Form 8-K filed June 30, 2015) 4.8 Amendment #6 to Secured Promissory Note, dated January 20, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2016) 4.9 Amendment #7 to Secured Promissory Note, dated February 11, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2016) 4.10 Amendment #8 to Secured Promissory Note, dated March 7, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed March 7, 2016) 4.11 Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated February 12, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed February 12, 2016) 85 Table of Contents 4.12 Form of Exchange Note (GPB) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed December 7, 2016) 4.13 10 OID Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed December 30, 2016) 4.14 Convertible Promissory Note (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2017) 4.15 Form of Warrant (Standard Form) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed September 14, 2010) 4.16 Form of Warrant (InterScan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 27, 2014) 4.17 Form of Warrant (November 2011 Private Placement) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K/A, filed November 28, 2011) 4.18 Form of Warrant (Series B-Tranche A) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to amendment no. 1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed May 23, 2013) 4.19 Form of Warrant (Series B-Tranche B) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to amendment no. 1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed May 23, 2013) 4.20 Form of Warrant (Regulation S) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K, filed September 8, 2014) 4.21 Form of Warrant (2014 Public Offering Placement Agent) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed December 4, 2014) 4.22 Form of Warrant (2014 Public Offering Warrant Exchanges) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed June 30, 2015) 4.23 Form of Warrant (Series C) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the current report on Form 8-K filed June 30, 2015) 4.24 Form of Warrant (Senior Secured Convertible Note) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the current report on Form 8-K filed February 12, 2016) 4.25 Form of Warrant (Series B-Tranche B Exchanges; GPB Exchange) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed June 14, 2016) 4.26 Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Convertible Promissory Note) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed February 16, 2017) 4.27 Senior Secured Convertible Note, dated December 17, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 4.28 Common Stock Warrant, dated December 17, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 4.29 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 4.30 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 4.31 Form of 12 debenture (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 4.32 Form of Warrant (Exchange Agreements) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 4.33 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 4.34 Convertible Promissory Note with Auctus, dated March 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.34 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.35 Form of Warrant (Auctus Note), dated March 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.35 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.36 Form of Warrant (Series D Preferred Stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.36 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.37 Form of Warrant (Series D Preferred Stock) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.37 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.38 Form of Warrant (Ironstone Capital), dated April 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.38 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.39 Form of Warrant (Auctus Note), dated May 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.39 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.40 Form of Warrant (Credential Qtrade Securities Inc. ITF Reve Royalty Income Growth, dated as of June 23, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.40 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.41 Form of Warrant (James Clavijo), dated June 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.41 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.42 Form of Warrant (Manju Venugopal), dated August 10, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.42 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.43 Note Payable Agreement with Gene Cartwright, dated February 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.43 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.44 Note Payable Agreement with Mark Faupel, dated February 19, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.44 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.45 Form of Warrant (Aspen Capital), dated June 23, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.45 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 4.46 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Aspen Capital) dated May 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.46 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 4.47 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (Iron Stone Capital) dated August 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.47 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 4.48 Form of Common Stock Purchase Warrant dated November 4, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.48 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 4.49 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on 8-K, filed on September 15, 2022 4.50 Form of Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on 8-K, filed on September 15, 2022 86 Table of Contents 10.1 1995 Stock Plan and form of Stock Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-22429) filed February 27, 1997) 10.2 2005 Amendment to 1995 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix 1 to the proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed May 10, 2005) 10.3 2010 Amendment to 1995 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registration statement on Form S-8 (File No. 333-178261), filed December 1, 2011) 10.4 2012 Amendment to 1995 Stock Plan (incorporated by reference to Annex 1 to the proxy statement on Schedule 14A, filed April 30, 2012) 10.5 Securities Purchase Agreement (Series C), dated June 29, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the current report on Form 8-K filed June 30, 2015) 10.6 Registration Rights Agreement (Series C), dated June 29, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the current report on Form 8-K filed June 30, 2015) 10.7 Form of Joinder Agreement (Series C) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed July 13, 2015) 10.8 Interim Securities Purchase Agreement (Series C), dated September 3, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed September 3, 2015) 10.9 Securities Purchase Agreement (Senior Secured Convertible Note), dated February 11, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the current report on Form 8-K filed February 12, 2016) 10.10 Security Agreement (Senior Secured Convertible Note), dated February 11, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the current report on Form 8-K filed February 12, 2016) 10.11 Royalty Agreement, dated September 6, 2016, between the Company and Imhoff and Maloof (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed September 8, 2016) 10.12 Agreement between Shandong Yaohua Medical Instrument Corporation and Guided Therapeutics, Inc., Confidential, Final 22 January 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2017) 10.13 Guided Therapeutics-Shenghuo Medical Agreement, 22 Jan 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed January 26, 2017) 10.14 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Adar Bays, LLC 10.15 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 22, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Power Up (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.16 Lease Modification, dated as of February 23, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and TREA Infill Industrial Atlanta, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.17 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Eagle Equities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.18 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 17, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and GHS Investments, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.19 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 20, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.20 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Power Up (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.21 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 7, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Power Up (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.22 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 22, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and GHS Investments, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.23 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 3, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.24 Promissory Note, dated as of August 22, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Mr. Case (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.25 Exchange Agreements, dated as of August 31, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Series C1 Preferred Stockholders in exchange for Series C2 Preferred Stock. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed September 6, 2018) 10.26 Promissory Note, dated as of September 19, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Mr. Gould (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.27 Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Dr. Faupel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 87 Table of Contents 10.28 Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Dr. Cartwright (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.29 Equity Financing Agreement, dated as of March 1, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and GHS Investments, Inc (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.30 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Everest Business Funding (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.31 Promissory Note, dated as of February 15, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Mr. Gould (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.32 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.33 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Eagle Equities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.34 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Adar Bays, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.35 Loan Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Accilent Capital Management Inc. / Rev Royalty Trust Income and Growth Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.36 License Agreement Modification, dated as of July 24, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Shandong Medical Instrument Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.37 Addendum to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Dr. Faupel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.38 Addendum to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2018, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Dr. Cartwright (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.39 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 5, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Aquarius (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.40 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.41 Security Agreement, dated December 17, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.42 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 17, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.43 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and investors set forth therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.44 Form of Security Agreement between the Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and investors set forth therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.46 Securities Purchase Agreement (Series D), dated December 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.47 Registration Rights Agreement (Series D), dated December 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.48 Form of Joinder Agreement (Series D), dated December 30, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.49 Form of Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Investors (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.50 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and K2 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.51 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Mr. Blumberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.52 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2019, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Dr. Imhoff (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.53 Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2020, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Jones Day Law Firm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 88 Table of Contents 10.54 Finder s Fee Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2020, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Iron Stone Capital (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.55 Promissory Note, dated as of January 15, 2020, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and IRTH Communications, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.56 Exchange Agreement, dated as of January 16, 2020, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and GPB Debt Holdings II, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.57 Promotional Agreement, dated as of January 22, 2020, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Blumberg Bowles Consulting, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.58 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the annual report on Form 10-K, filed April 20, 2020) 10.59 2018 Stock Option Plan of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Annex B of Definitive Proxy Statement filed October 11, 2018) 10.60 Finder s Fee Agreement with JH Darbie, dated as of May 19, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.59 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.61 Debt for Equity Exchange Agreement with Auctus, dated as of May 22, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.62 Securities Purchase Agreement with Auctus, dated as of May 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.61 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.63 Finder s Fee Agreement with FCMI, dated as of June 11, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.62 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.64 Exchange Agreement with William Wells, dated as of July 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.63 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.65 Securities Purchase Agreement with PowerUp, dated as of December 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.64 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.66 Securities Purchase Agreement with PowerUp, dated as of February 10, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.65 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.67 Consulting Agreement with Richard Blumberg, dated as of March 11, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.66 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.68 Exchange Agreement with Richard Fowler, dated as of March 22, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.67 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.69 Securities Purchase Agreement for Series E Preferred Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.70 Securities Purchase Agreement (Series F), dated March 31, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.68 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed April 5, 2021) 10.71 Exchange Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2020, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and James Clavijo (incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.61 to the registration statement on Form S-1/A (No. 333-259871) filed February 17, 2022) 10.72 Agreement between Shandong Yaohua Medical Instrument Corporation and Guided Therapeutics, Inc., Confidential, Final 12 August 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed September 7, 2021) 10.73 Agreement dated September 30, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Richard P. Blumberg (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.73 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.74 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 10, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and John Imhoff, M.D. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.74 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.75 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and John Gould (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.75 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.76 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Frederick Grimm (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.76 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.77 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Richard P. Blumberg, Esq. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.77 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.78 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and K2 Medical, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.78 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.79 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Gene S. Cartwright (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.79 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.80 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 20, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Mark L. Faupel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.80 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.81 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Flynn D. Case Living Trust (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.81 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.82 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and GPB Debt Holdings II LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.82 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.83 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Michael C. James (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.83 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.84 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Bryan Mamula (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.84 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.85 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 30, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Dolores Maloof (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.85 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.86 Promissory Note, dated December 31, 2021, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and William Wells (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.86 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.87 Exchange Agreement dated February 1, 2022, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.87 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.88 Extension of Auctus Exchange Agreement, dated February 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.88 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed March 30, 2022) 10.89 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2022) 10.90 Exchange Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2022, by and between Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2022) 10.91 Form of Warrants issued to Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2022) 10.92 Form of Warrants issued to Auctus Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15, 2022) 21.1 Subsidiaries (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-169755) filed October 5, 2010) 23.1 Consent of UHY LLP 31 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 32.1 Section 1350 Certifications. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith 89 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. GUIDED THERAPEUTICS, INC. By: /s/ M ark Faupel Mark Faupel President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer Date: March 29, 2023 90 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 gthp_ex231.htm
 CONSENT
 
 gthp_ex231.htm EXHIBIT 23.1 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-1 (No. 333-259871, 333-169755 and 333-22429) and Form S-8 (No. 333-178261) of Guided Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiary of our report dated March 29, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements, which appears in this Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ UHY LLP Sterling Heights, Michigan March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31>
 3
 gthp_ex31.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gthp_ex31.htm EXHIBIT 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) Certifications I, Mark Faupel, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Guided Therapeutics, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Mark Faupel Mark Faupel Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, President and Director 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 gthp_ex32.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 gthp_ex32.htm EXHIBIT 32 SECTION 1350 CERTIFICATION In connection with the Annual Report of Guided Therapeutics, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mark Faupel, Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, President and Director, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 29, 2023 /s/ Mark Faupel Name: Mark Faupel Title: Chief Executive Officer, Acting Chief Financial Officer, Chief Operating Officer, President and Director 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gthp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gthp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 gthp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 gthp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

