<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230301_10-K_edgar_data_1592057_0001592057-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13046557</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>441960</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2242957</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3891146</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3464976</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2808797</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>16</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001592057-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230301
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230301083805
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001592057-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		120
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230301
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230301

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Enviva Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001592057
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LUMBER & WOOD PRODUCTS (NO FURNITURE) [2400]
		IRS NUMBER:				464097730
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37363
		FILM NUMBER:		23689916

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7272 WISCONSIN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1800
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(301) 657-5560

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7272 WISCONSIN AVE.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1800
		CITY:			BETHESDA
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			20814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Enviva Partners, LP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001592057-23-000004.txt : 20230301

10-K
 1
 eva-20221231.htm
 10-K

eva-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ____ to ____ Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction (I.R.S. Employer of incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management's assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022 was approximately based upon a closing price of 57.22 per share of the registrant s common stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on such date. 
 As of February 24, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIVA INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10 K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 1 
 Glossary of Terms 
 3 
 Part I 
 4 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 11 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 26 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 26 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 26 
 Part II 
 27 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 27 
 Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 29 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 47 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 84 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 85 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 87 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 87 
 Part III 
 88 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 88 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 88 
 Item 12 . 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 88 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 88 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 88 
 Part IV 
 89 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 91 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements and information in this Annual Report on Form 10 K (this Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements. The words believe, expect, anticipate, plan, intend, foresee, should, would, could, or other similar expressions are intended to identify forward looking statements, which are generally not historical in nature. These forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effect on us. Although management believes that these forward-looking statements are reasonable as and when made, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we anticipate. All comments concerning our expectations for future revenues and operating results are based on our forecasts of our existing operations and do not include the potential impact of any future acquisitions. Our forward-looking statements involve significant risks and uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in our historical experience and our present expectations or projections. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those summarized below: 
 the volume and quality of products that we are able to produce or source and sell, which could be adversely affected by, among other things, operating or technical difficulties at our wood pellet production plants or deep-water marine terminals; 
 the prices at which we are able to sell our products; 
 our ability to capitalize on higher spot prices and contract flexibility in the future, which is subject to fluctuations in pricing and demand; 
 the possibility that current market prices may not continue and therefore, in the future, we may not be able to make spot sales and may need to make spot purchases at higher prices; 
 failure of our customers, vendors, and shipping partners to pay or perform their contractual obligations to us; 
 our inability to successfully execute our project development, capacity expansion, and new facility construction activities on time and within budget; 
 the creditworthiness of our contract counterparties; 
 the amount of low-cost wood fiber that we are able to procure and process, which could be adversely affected by, among other things, disruptions in supply or operating or financial difficulties suffered by our suppliers; 
 our ability to successfully negotiate, complete, and integrate third-party acquisitions, or to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions; 
 changes in the price and availability of natural gas, coal, diesel, oil, gasoline, or other sources of energy; 
 changes in prevailing domestic and global economic, political, and market conditions, including the imposition of tariffs or trade or other economic sanctions, political instability or armed conflict, rising inflation levels and government efforts to reduce inflation, or a prolonged recession; 
 inclement or hazardous environmental conditions, including extreme precipitation, temperatures, and flooding; 
 fires, explosions, or other accidents; 
 changes in domestic and foreign laws and regulations (or the interpretation thereof) related to renewable or low-carbon energy, the forestry products industry, the international shipping industry, or power, heat, or combined heat and power generators; 
 changes in domestic and foreign tax laws and regulations affecting the taxation of our business, and investors; 
 changes in the regulatory treatment of biomass in core and emerging markets; 
 our inability to acquire or maintain necessary permits or rights for our production, transportation, or terminaling operations; 
 changes in the price and availability of transportation; 
 changes in foreign currency exchange or interest rates and the failure of our hedging arrangements to effectively reduce our exposure to related risks; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 risks related to our indebtedness, including the levels, and maturity date of such indebtedness; 
 our failure to maintain effective quality control systems at our wood pellet production plants and deep-water marine terminals, which could lead to the rejection of our products by our customers; 
 changes in the quality specifications for our products required by our customers; 
 labor disputes, unionization, or similar collective actions; 
 our inability to hire, train, or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate our business; 
 the possibility of cyber and malware attacks; 
 our inability to borrow funds and access capital markets; 
 viral contagions or pandemic diseases, such as COVID-19; 
 potential liability resulting from pending or future litigation, investigations, or claims; and 
 governmental actions and actions by other third parties that are beyond our control. 
 All forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. 
 Please read Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any such statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 GLOSSARY OF TERMS 
 biomass: any organic biological material derived from living organisms that stores energy from the sun. 
 co-fire: the combustion of two different types of materials at the same time. For example, biomass is sometimes fired in combination with coal in existing coal plants. 
 cost pass-through mechanism: a provision in commercial contracts that passes costs through to the purchaser. 
 dry-bulk : describes dry-bulk commodities that are shipped in large, unpackaged amounts. 
 metric ton: one metric ton, which is equivalent to 1,000 kilograms and 1.1023 short tons. 
 nameplate: the intended full-load sustained maximum rated output of production. 
 net calorific value: the amount of usable heat energy released when a fuel is burned completely and the heat contained in the water vapor generated by the combustion process is not recovered. The European power industry typically uses net calorific value as the means of expressing fuel energy. 
 off-take contract: an agreement concerning the purchase and sale of a certain volume of future production of a given resource such as wood pellets. 
 stumpage : the price paid to the underlying timber resource owner for the raw material. 
 utility-grade wood pellets: wood pellets meeting minimum requirements generally specified by industrial consumers and produced and sold in sufficient quantities to satisfy industrial scale consumption. 
 wood fiber: cellulosic elements that are extracted from trees and used to make various materials, including paper. In North America, wood fiber is primarily extracted from hardwood (deciduous) trees and softwood (coniferous) trees. 
 wood pellets: energy-dense, low-moisture, and uniformly sized units of wood fuel produced from processing various wood resources or byproducts. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K presents information for Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation. References to Enviva, the Company, we, us, or our, or similar expressions refer to Enviva Inc. and its subsidiaries. Please read Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements beginning on page 1 and Item 1A. Risk Factors for information regarding certain risks inherent in our business. 
 Overview 
 We are a growth-oriented company originally formed in 2013 as a limited partnership that converted to a corporation on December 31, 2021. We develop, construct, acquire, and own and operate, fully contracted wood pellet production plants where we aggregate a natural resource, wood fiber, and process it into dry, densified, uniform pellets that can be effectively stored and transported around the world. We primarily sell our wood pellets through long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with creditworthy customers in the United Kingdom (the U.K. ), the European Union (the EU ), and Japan, who use our pellets to displace coal and other fossil fuels to generate power and heat as part of their efforts to accelerate the energy transition away from conventional energy sources. Our wood pellets meet the criteria put forth by the European Union s Renewable Energy Directive II RED II which includes biomass in its definition of renewable energy. The wood pellets we produce are viewed by our customers as a critical component of their efforts to reduce life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions in their core energy generation or industrial manufacturing processes and to mitigate the impact of climate change. We believe that our pellets also have potential applicability to hard-to-abate sectors as bio-based raw material feedstock to industrial processes formerly provided by fossil fuels where their use could reduce greenhouse gas emissions on a lifecycle basis and to generate process steam and heat in heavy industrial manufacturing like lime, sugar, steel, and cement, and to generate aviation fuels and other liquids. 
 We own and operate ten plants (collectively, our plants with a combined production capacity of approximately 6.2 million metric tons per year MTPY of wood pellets in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and Mississippi, the production of which is fully contracted with a few of our contracts extending well into the 2040s. We export our wood pellets to global markets through our deep-water marine terminal at the Port of Chesapeake, Virginia, terminal assets at the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina, and the Port of Pascagoula, Mississippi, and from third-party deep-water marine terminals in Savannah, Georgia, Mobile, Alabama, and Panama City, Florida. In 2022, we commenced construction of our fully contracted wood pellet production plant in Epes, Alabama (the Epes plant which is designed and permitted to produce more than one million MTPY of wood pellets. Additionally, in 2022, we commenced the development of a wood pellet production plant in Bond, Mississippi (the Bond plant which is designed to produce one million MTPY of wood pellets. All of our facilities are located in geographic regions with low input costs and favorable transportation logistics. Owning these cost-advantaged assets in a rapidly expanding industry provides us with a platform to generate stable cash flows. Our plants are sited in robust fiber baskets providing stable pricing for the low-grade fiber used to produce wood pellets. Our raw materials are byproducts of the sawmilling process or traditional timber harvesting, principally low-value wood materials, such as trees generally not suited for sawmilling or other manufactured forest products, tree tops and limbs, understory, brush, and slash that are generated in a harvest. 
 Our primary sales strategy is to fully contract the wood pellet production from our plants under long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with a diversified and creditworthy customer base. Our long-term off-take contracts typically provide for fixed-price deliveries that often include provisions that escalate the price over time and provide for other margin protection. For 2022, our production capacity from our wood pellet production plants was contracted under our existing long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts. In addition to generating durable cash flow from long-term take-or-pay off-take contracts, we monitor sustained dislocations in the marketplace, and opportunistically transact when pricing dynamics and contract flexibility provide avenues to generate incremental gross margin. Furthermore, our off-take contracts generally provide us with the opportunity to flex a certain percentage of contracted shipments up or down. That flexibility, enabled by our multi-plant profile, multi-deep water marine terminals and our long-term shipping contracts, can create opportunities to optimize our gross margin when we sell under short-term contracts in times when spot market prices are elevated or, conversely, when we purchase third-party volumes during times when spot market prices are depressed. 
 Our volumes under our firm and contingent long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts provide for a product sales backlog of 23.5 billion and our contracts have a total weighted-average remaining term of 13.7 years from January 1, 2023. 
 Due to the uninterruptible nature of our customers fuel and other raw material consumption, our customers require a reliable supply of wood pellets that meet stringent product specifications. We have built our operations and assets to deliver and 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 certify the highest levels of product quality and our track record of reliable deliveries enables us to charge premium prices for this certainty. 
 Our Production Plants, Logistics and Storage Capabilities 
 We procure low-grade wood fiber and process it into utility-grade wood pellets and load the finished wood pellets into railcars, trucks, and barges for transportation to deep-water marine terminals, where we receive, store, and ultimately load our products onto dry bulk cargo oceangoing vessels for delivery to our customers. 
 We own and operate ten industrial-scale wood pellet production plants strategically located in the Mid-Atlantic and Gulf Coast regions of the United States, geographic areas in which wood fiber resources are plentiful and readily available. We employ a build-and-copy approach to the construction of new capacity, which allows for efficiencies in the engineering, design, construction, and operation of our facilities. Furthermore, our multi-plant profile and scale provide us with flexibility under our portfolio of off-take contracts that enhances the reliability of our deliveries and provides for opportunities for optimization as detailed above. 
 Our facilities are designed to operate 24 hours per day, 365 days per year, although we schedule up to 15 days of planned maintenance for our wood pellet production plants during each calendar year. There are no regularly required major turnarounds or overhauls. 
 The following table describes our wood pellet production plants, all of which we wholly own: 
 Plant Location Year of Acquisition or Operations Commenced Nameplate Production (MTPY) Receiving Terminal Location Ahoskie, North Carolina 2011 410,000 Chesapeake Amory, Mississippi 2010 115,000 Mobile Cottondale, Florida 2015 780,000 Panama City Greenwood, South Carolina 2020 600,000 Wilmington Hamlet, North Carolina 2019 600,000 Wilmington Lucedale, Mississippi 2022 750,000 Pascagoula Northampton, North Carolina 2013 750,000 Chesapeake Sampson, North Carolina 
 2016 600,000 Wilmington Southampton, Virginia 2013 760,000 Chesapeake Waycross, Georgia 2020 800,000 Savannah Total 6,165,000 
 Wood Fiber Procurement and Sustainability 
 We and our customers are subject to stringent requirements regarding the sustainability of the fuels we procure. In addition to our internal sustainability policies and initiatives like our Responsible Sourcing Policy, our wood fiber procurement is conducted in accordance with leading forest certification standards, and we maintain multiple forest certifications. Our fiber supply chains are routinely audited by independent third parties, and we maintain the traceability of, and make public, information concerning the primary wood that is delivered to us directly from forests via our proprietary Track Trace system. 
 Our wood fiber demand is complementary to, rather than in competition with, demand for high-grade wood from most other forest-related industries, such as lumber and furniture. Demand for the non-merchantable fiber, waste products, or byproducts that we use is generally low; accordingly, the tops, limbs, and other low-grade wood fiber we purchase would otherwise generally be left unused, impeding reforestation, or burned. 
 Our fleet of production plants is sited in robust fiber baskets in the southeast United States that sustainably support our growing operations with low-grade fiber. As a result of the fragmented nature of tract ownership in our sourcing areas, we procure raw materials from hundreds of landowners, loggers, and timber industry participants, with no individual landowner representing a material fraction of any of our plants needs. Our wood fiber is procured under a variety of arrangements, including (1) logging contracts for the thinnings, pulpwood, and other unmerchandised low-grade fiber, (2) in-woods chipping contracts, (3) contracts with timber dealers, and (4) purchases from sawmills. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Port Operations 
 The following table describes our owned and leased ports. Wood pellets are exported from our owned or leased deep-water, marine terminals and are stored in domes, barges, and warehouses at the ports. Our terminals operate 24 hours per day, seven days per week. 
 Port Location Throughput Capacity (MTPY) Storage Capacity (MT) Storage Facility Type at Port Location Terminal Facility Own/Lease Chesapeake, Virginia 2,500,000 90,000 Owned domes Owned terminal Mobile, Alabama 115,000 45,000 Third-party barges Leased terminal assets Panama City, Florida 780,000 32,000 Third-party warehouse Owned terminal assets Pascagoula, Mississippi 3,000,000 90,000 Owned domes Owned terminal assets Wilmington, North Carolina 3,000,000 90,000 Owned domes Owned terminal assets Savannah, Georgia 1,500,000 50,000 Third-party domes Leased terminal assets Total 10,895,000 397,000 
 Our Contracts and Marketing Activities 
 We refer to the structure of our long-term sales contracts as take-or-pay because they include a firm obligation of the customer to take a fixed quantity of product at a stated price and provides for us to be compensated in the event of the customer s failure to accept all or a part of the contracted volumes or for termination of a contract by the customer. 
 We also have entered into several other contracts that have smaller off-take quantities than the contracts described above. In total, as of January 1, 2023, our backlog of fully contracted volumes under our existing take-or-pay contracts is 23.5 billion with a weighted-average remaining contract term of 13.7 years. Included in the backlog are contracts with 18 customers in jurisdictions ranging from the U.K., Denmark, the Netherlands, Belgium, Japan, and the United States of America. 
 In some cases, we may purchase shipments of product from third-party suppliers and resell them in back-to-back transactions. 
 Industry Overview 
 Our product, utility-grade wood pellets, is used in an increasing variety of applications around the world to help reduce the life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions generated by our customers in energy generation and industrial processes. 
 For many of our customers, our wood pellets are used as a substitute for coal in both dedicated and co-fired power generation and combined heat and power plants. It enables major power, heat or combined heat and power generators generators to profitably generate electricity and heat in a manner that reduces the overall cost of compliance with certain mandatory greenhouse gas GHG emissions limits and renewable energy targets while also allowing companies to diversify their secure sources of renewable feedstock supply. 
 Unlike intermittent sources of renewable generation like wind and solar power, wood pellet-fired plants are capable of meeting baseload electricity demand and are dispatchable (that is, power output can be switched on or off or adjusted based on demand). As a result, utilities and major generators in Europe, Asia, and other areas have made and continue to make long-term, profitable investments in power plant conversions and new builds of generating assets that either co-fire wood pellets with coal or are fully dedicated wood pellet-fired plants. Such developments help generators maintain and increase baseload generating capacity and comply with binding climate change regulations and other emissions reduction targets. 
 The capital costs required to convert a coal plant to co-fire biomass, or to burn biomass exclusively, are a fraction of the capital costs associated with implementing offshore wind and most other renewable technologies. Furthermore, the relatively quick process of converting coal-fired plants to biomass-fired generation can be an attractive benefit for generators whose generation assets are no longer viable as coal plants due to the expiration of operating permits, regulatory phase-out of coal-fired power generation, the introduction of taxes, or other restrictions on fossil fuel usage or emissions of GHGs and other pollutants. Additionally, the European Union s Emissions Trading System continues to demonstrate a durable, constructive market for carbon, which assists biomass in being more cost effective for energy generation than carbon-intensive feedstocks such as coal and natural gas, even in markets where there are no direct incentives or subsidies for renewable energy generation. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 There also continues to be significant demand growth in Europe and Asia for wood pellets as a preferred fuel source and renewable alternative to fossil fuels for district heating loops, residential and commercial heating, and the production of heat for industrial sites. 
 Our wood pellets also have potential applicability to hard-to-abate sectors as bio-based raw material feedstock to displace inputs to industrial processes formerly provided by fossil fuels, where their use could reduce greenhouse gas emissions on a lifecycle basis. In addition to the customer applications outlined above, we have long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts in place with customers who intend to utilize our wood pellets as a raw material input in the refinement of bio-liquids like biodiesel and sustainably produced aviation fuel as well as to generate process steam and heat in heavy industrial manufacturing like lime, sugar, etc. As these markets further develop, we believe we will continue to have opportunities to serve this growing material demand beyond our current product sales backlog. 
 Competition 
 We compete with other utility-grade wood pellet producers for long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with major power and heat generation customers, trading houses, and increasingly with customers in hard-to-abate sectors. Competition in our industry is based on the price, quantity, quality, and consistency of the wood pellets produced, the reliability and scale of wood pellet deliveries and the producer s ability to verify and document, through customer and third-party audits, that their wood pellets meet the regulatory sustainability, and use requirements of a particular customer. 
 Most of the world s current wood pellet production plants are owned by small, private companies, with few companies owning or operating multiple plants. Few companies have the scale, production, technical expertise, access to sustainable fiber baskets, or commercial infrastructure necessary to supply utility-grade wood pellets under large, long-term off-take contracts to creditworthy counterparties. We are the largest producer by production capacity and consider other companies with production capacity, technical expertise, or commercial infrastructure to be our competitors, including Drax Biomass Inc., AS Graanul Invest, Fram Renewable Fuels, LLC, An Viet Phat Energy Co., LTD, and Highland Pellets LLC. 
 Development and Construction Projects 
 Demand for our product continues to exceed available supply, industry-wide. To meet growing demand, our development strategy is to identify potentially attractive new locations for wood pellet production, and deep-water terminal operations, and secure control or ownership of these sites. The process of developing these sites includes permitting, designing, engineering, and ultimately constructing, commissioning, and operating new wood pellet production or terminaling capacity consistent with our build and copy strategy, whereby we replicate production, and terminaling assets consistent with the design and equipment selection of our then-current operating assets. We are currently constructing the Epes plant, developing the Bond plant, and maintain a portfolio of additional sites under development or consideration. 
 Governmental Regulations 
 Our operations are subject to stringent and comprehensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing matters including protection of the environment and natural resources, occupational health and safety, and the release or discharge of materials into the environment, including air emissions. Such laws and regulations may require us to obtain permits, limit or avoid certain operational practices, and incur costs for compliance or remediation. Failure to comply with such laws may also result in substantial liabilities, including possible fines and penalties, for unpermitted emissions or discharges from our operations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory and remedial obligations, and the issuance of orders enjoining some or all of our operations in affected areas. 
 Moreover, the global trend in environmental regulation is towards increasingly broad and stringent requirements for activities that may affect the environment. Any changes in environmental laws and regulations or re interpretation of enforcement policies that result in more stringent and costly requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial position. Although we monitor environmental requirements closely and budget for the expected costs, actual future expenditures may be different from the amounts we currently anticipate spending. Moreover, certain environmental laws impose strict joint and several liability for costs to clean up and restore sites where pollutants have been disposed or otherwise spilled or released, potentially resulting in significant costs and liabilities for remediation of resulting damage to property, natural resources, or persons. Although we believe that our competitors face similar environmental requirements, market factors may prevent us from passing on any increased costs to our customers. Additionally, although we believe that continued compliance with existing requirements will not materially adversely affect us, there is no assurance that the current levels of regulation will continue in the future. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 The following summarizes some of the more significant existing environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations applicable to our operations, the failure to comply with which could have a material adverse impact on our capital expenditures, results of operations and financial position. 
 Air Emissions 
 The federal Clean Air Act, as amended (the CAA ), and state and local laws and regulations that implement and add to CAA requirements, regulate the emission of air pollutants from our facilities. The CAA and state and local laws and regulations impose significant monitoring, testing, recordkeeping, and reporting requirements for these emissions. These laws and regulations require us to obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities expected to produce or significantly increase air emissions, obtain, and strictly comply with stringent air permit emission limits, and in certain cases utilize specific equipment or technologies to control and measure emissions. Obtaining these permits can be both costly and time intensive and has the potential to delay opening of new plants or significant expansion of existing plants; moreover, complying with these permits, including satisfying testing requirements, can be costly and time-intensive. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and permit requirements may cause us to face fines, penalties, or injunctive orders in connection with air pollutant emissions from our operations. 
 The CAA requires that we obtain various construction and operating permits, including, in some cases, Title V air permits. In certain cases, the CAA requires us to incur capital expenditures to install air pollution control devices at our facilities. We are also required to control fugitive emissions from our operations and may face fines, penalties, or injunctive orders in connection with fugitiv e emissions. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, substantial administrative, operating and capital expenditures to maintain compliance with CAA requirements that have been promulgated or may be promulgated or revised in the future. 
 Climate Change and Greenhouse Gases 
 Our operations are subject to limited direct regulation with respect to emissions of GHGs. For example, at this time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the EPA requires certain large facilities to undergo CAA pre-construction review and obtain operating permits for their GHG emissions. Our operations are also indirectly affected by regulations regarding the carbon treatment of biomass. Several jurisdictions to which we ship our product have imposed regulations on the characterization of biomass as a carbon-neutral fuel, and any change that imposes more stringent regulations on the characterization of biomass as carbon-neutral could negatively impact demand for our products or require us to incur additional costs to achieve such characterization of our products. For more information, see our risk factor titled Changes in the treatment of biomass could adversely impact our business. Additionally, in March 2022, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC released a proposed rule that would establish a framework for reporting of climate risks, targets, and metrics. A final rule is anticipated in Q2 2023. Although the final form and substance of the rule is not yet known, it could result in additional compliance costs. Finally, scientists have concluded that i ncreasing concentrations of GHGs in the earth s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as sea-level rise, increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, including forest fires. If any such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Safety and Maintenance 
 We are subject to a number of federal and state laws and regulations, including the Federal Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended OSHA ), and comparable state statutes, which are intended to protect the health and safety of employees and contractors. OSHA imposes various requirements, including safety-related training, policies, and programs. In addition, the OSHA Hazard Communication Standards and the EPA s Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act statutes require that information be maintained concerning hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local governmental authorities and citizens. National Fire Protection Association (NFPA) standards require affected facilities to develop and implement plans and controls to minimize combustible dust. EPA regulations mandate the utilization of pollution control equipment such as cyclones, baghouses, and electronic precipitators to minimize regulated air emissions at affected facilities. Additionally, we continually strive to maintain compliance with applicable air, solid waste, and wastewater regulations as required by EPA regulations, state and local laws and ordinances. Our deep-water marine terminals are required to adhere to Homeland Security/U.S. Coast Guard regulations regarding physical security and emergency response plans. 
 Seasonality 
 Our business is affected by seasonal fluctuations. During the first half of the year, the cost of producing wood pellets tends to be higher because during the winter months, the cost of d elivered raw materials are higher, primarily due to a reduction in 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 accessibility during cold and wet weather conditions, which results in our need to extend the procurement radius around our plants. Our raw materials typically have higher moisture content during this period, resulting in lower production levels; moreover, the cost of drying wood fiber increases during periods of lower ambient temperatures given greater energy required in the process of heating. Our operating costs are primarily fixed, resulting in low fixed cost absorption or higher operating cost per metric ton MT ). Additionally, our customer contract price mix is typically higher during the second half of the year as we increase the sales volumes delivered to customers using wood pellets for heating. 
 Human Resources 
 Our employees are our greatest resource and keeping them safe is considered a moral obligation for all of us. We have been unrelenting in our commitment to our health and safety standards and processes. Moreover, we continue to build and foster diversity and inclusion among our employees and other stakeholders and making a long-lasting, positive impact in the communities in which we operate. As a company, we value keeping promises, acting with integrity, the determination to make a difference, and the qualities of openness, humility, and respect. 
 Through our human resources practices, we focus on attracting, developing, and retaining talent to help enable our growth consistent with our values. In addition, we apply a talent framework to support our human resources objectives of recruiting and nurturing top talent, strengthening our succession planning to develop a pipeline of future leaders for key roles and driving a culture of accountability through a robust performance management process. 
 We had 1,386 employees as of December 31, 2022. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We have not experienced any employment-related work stoppages, and we consider relations with our employees to be positive. 
 We maintain daily 24/7 operations and to do so, we bring Enviva s best minds, systems, processes, and team back-up culture, together. Enviva finished 2022 with a Total Recordable Incident Rate of .76 compared to an industry average of 3.0. This incident rate is the second lowest in the company's history. 
 We focus on attracting, developing, and retaining a team of highly talented and motivated employees. We offer our employees competitive pay and benefits including paid time off, multiple healthcare and insurance coverage options including premium free offerings, paid company holidays, and a 401(k) retirement plan. Employee performance is measured in part based on goals that are aligned with our annual objectives, and we recognize that our success is based on the talents and dedication of those we employ. Additionally, we look to support our employees both on and off the job site by offering benefits such as paid parental leave, a wellness reimbursement program, FSA dependent care, paid disability (short term/long term), and educational assistance. All of our full-time employees are bonus eligible and 20 of our employees are currently eligible for equity-based awards under the Enviva Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (the LTIP ). We evaluate these programs annually to ensure our employees are compensated fairly and competitively. 
 In 2022, our commitment to career growth and development led us to deploy various in-person and online courses and presentations to give employees the opportunity to learn new skills, hone existing ones and deepen their understanding of our business as well as expose them to new ideas that challenge their way of thinking. We offered 20 technical skill trainings for our operators in our plants. We hosted our annual program called Enviva Days which is a development initiative focused on driving career development and employee engagement. In 2022, this event included 15 learning sessions over the course of one week. More than 500 Enviva employees participated. 
 To achieve operational discipline in our hiring efforts, we follow a consistent hiring process across the organization. We recognize the need to fill roles and strive for a time-to-fill rate that aligns with internal benchmarks. Our current hiring process includes a pre-screen interview and cross-functional panel interview. Following recruitment, our onboarding program provides our new hires with the tools and information needed to succeed. These processes helped us maintain a total voluntary turnover rate of 31 against a very challenging labor market. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer with a commitment to diversity and inclusion. We believe in a workplace that promotes equality, transparency, and accountability. Our policies and procedures seek to foster these values through regular trainings and employee engagement, such as annual trainings for 100 of our employees on workplace conduct and non-discrimination. We strive to engage with the local communities where our operations are based so that we can locate and support a diverse talent pool. 
 Additional information regarding our human resources initiatives can be found under the People section of our 2021 Corporate Sustainability Report which can be found on our website in the Sustainability section. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Principal Executive Offices 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 7272 Wisconsin Avenue, Suite 1800, Bethesda, Maryland 20814. 
 Available Information 
 We file annual, quarterly, and current reports and other documents with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. 
 We also make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, simultaneously with or as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such materials with, or furnishing such materials to, the SEC and on or through our website, www.envivabiomass.com . The information on our website, or information about us on any other website, is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There are many factors that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for dividends. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict those risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect financial performance. Each of the risks described below could adversely impact the value of our common stock. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those described in this Item 1A Risk Factors. These risks include the following: 
 The Company s ability to declare and pay dividends, and repurchase shares is subject to certain conditions. 
 We expect to derive substantially all our revenues from six customers in 2023, four of which are located in Europe. If we fail to continue to diversify our customer base, our results of operations, business and financial position, and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 Changes in laws or government policies, incentives and taxes related to low-carbon and renewable energy may affect customer demand for our products. 
 Challenges to or delays in the issuance of air permits, or our failure to comply with our permits, could impair our operations and ability to expand our production. 
 Federal, state, and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to forestry products and the potential for related litigation could result in increased costs, and additional operating restrictions and delays, which could cause a decline in the demand for our products and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance ESG matters, including our net-zero goals or our failure to successfully achieve such goals, could adversely affect our business. 
 We may be unable to complete our construction projects on time, and our construction costs could increase to levels that make the return on our investment less than expected. 
 The satisfactory delivery of substantially all of our production is dependent on continuous access to infrastructure at our owned, leased, and third-party-operated terminals. Loss of access to our ports of shipment and destination, including through failure of terminal equipment and port closures, could adversely affect our financial results and cash flows. 
 Failure to maintain effective quality control systems at our production plants and deep-water marine terminals could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 Our business is subject to operating hazards and other operational risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may also not be adequately insured against such events. 
 Significant increases in the cost, or decreases in the availability, of raw materials or sourced wood pellets could result in lower revenue, operating profits, and cash flows, or impede our ability to meet commitments to our customers. 
 We are exposed to the credit risk of our contract counterparties, including the customers for our products, and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 The international nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks, including foreign exchange risk and unfavorable political, regulatory, and tax conditions in foreign countries. 
 Changes to applicable tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our business, cash flows, and future profitability. 
 We may issue additional shares without stockholder approval, which would dilute existing stockholder ownership interests. 
 System security vulnerabilities, data breaches, and cyber-attacks could compromise proprietary or otherwise sensitive information or disrupt operations, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, and stock price. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We expect to derive substantially all our revenues from six customers in 2023, four of which are located in Europe. If we fail to continue to diversify our customer base, our results of operations, business and financial position and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 Our contracts with Drax, Lynemouth Power, MGT, rsted, Sumitomo, and Mitsubishi, four of which are located in Europe, represent substantially all of our expected product sales volumes in 2023; as a result, we face counterparty and geographic concentration risk. The ability of each of our customers to perform its obligations under a contract with us will depend on a number of factors that are beyond our control and may include the overall financial condition of the counterparty, the counterparty s access to capital, the condition of the regional and global power, heat, and combined heat and power generation industry, continuing regulatory and economic support for wood pellets as a fuel source, pricing trends in the spot market for wood pellets and general economic conditions. In addition, in depressed market conditions, our customers may no longer need the amount of our products they have contracted for or may be able to obtain comparable products at a lower price. Should any counterparty fail to honor its obligations under a contract with us, we could sustain losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash available for dividends. 
 Currently, we derive a majority of our revenues from customers in Europe. If economic, political, regulatory, or financial market conditions in Europe deteriorate and/or our customers experience a significant downturn in their business or financial condition, they may attempt to renegotiate, reject, or declare force majeure under our contracts. If we fail to continue to diversify our customer base geographically within and outside of Europe in the future, our results of operations, business and financial position, and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 Upon the expiration of our off-take contracts, our customers may decide not to recontract on terms as favorable to us as our current contracts, or at all. For example, our current customers may acquire wood pellets from other providers that offer more competitive pricing or logistics or develop their own sources of wood pellets. Some of our customers could also exit their current business or be acquired by other companies that purchase wood pellets from other providers. The demand for wood pellets or their prevailing prices at the times at which our current off take contracts expire may also render entry into new long-term-off-take contracts difficult or impossible. We may also decide to renegotiate our existing contracts on less favorable terms and/or at reduced volumes in order to preserve our relationships with our customers. 
 Any reduction in the amount of wood pellets purchased by our customers or our inability to renegotiate or replace our existing contracts on economically acceptable terms, or our failure to successfully penetrate new markets within and outside of Europe in the future, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and financial position, as well as our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 Termination penalties within our off-take contracts may not fully compensate us for our total economic losses. 
 Certain of our off-take contracts provide the customer with a right of termination for various events of convenience or changes in law or policy. Although some of these contracts are subject to certain protective termination payments, the termination payments made by our customers may not fully compensate us for losses. We may be unable to re-contract our production at favorable prices or at all, and our results of operations, business and financial position, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, may be materially adversely affected as a result. 
 Our long-term off-take contracts with our customers may only partially offset certain increases in our costs or preclude us from taking advantage of relatively high wood pellet prices in the broader markets. 
 Our long-term off-take contracts typically set base prices subject to annual price escalation and other pricing adjustments for changes in certain of our underlying costs of operations, including, in some cases, for stumpage or diesel fuel. However, such cost pass-through mechanisms may only pass a portion of our total costs through to our customers. If our operating costs increase significantly during the terms of our long-term off-take contracts beyond the levels of pricing and cost protection afforded to us under the terms of such contracts, our results of operations, business and financial position, and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, could be adversely affected. Continued and increased inflation could decrease the profitability of our long-term off-take contracts. 
 Moreover, during periods when the prevailing market price of wood pellets exceeds the prices under our long-term off-take contracts, our revenues could be significantly lower than they otherwise would have been were we not party to such contracts for substantially all our production. In addition, our current and future competitors may be in a better position than we are to take advantage of relatively high prices during such periods. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 The growth of our business depends in part on locating, developing, and acquiring interests in additional wood pellet production plants and marine terminals at favorable prices. 
 Our business strategy includes growing our business through constructing new greenfield and brownfield facilities, capacity expansion of existing facilities, and third-party acquisitions that increase our cash generated from operations. Our ability to successfully achieve our organic growth plan will require us to acquire or construct several additional plants over the next five years. Various factors could affect our ability to achieve our organic growth plan and continue to grow our business, including: 
 inability to identify or develop attractive projects, which could result from, among other things, inability to identify communities with optimal proximity to feedstock and access to labor and transportation, competition for attractive locations, regulatory challenges or reputational risks; 
 our failure to complete development projects in a timely manner or at all, which could result from, among other things, permitting challenges, failure to procure requisite financing or equipment, construction difficulties, or an inability to obtain off take contracts on acceptable terms; and 
 fewer accretive third party acquisition opportunities than we expect, which could result from, among other things, available projects having less desirable economic returns, competition, anti trust concerns, or higher risk profiles than we believe suitable for our business plan and investment strategy. 
 In addition, changes to our business plans, financial condition or other factors could result in changes or delays to our organic growth plan. For example, in late 2022, we updated the standard plant design to improve plant utilization to execute the Design One, Build Many strategy, which has delayed the planned commencement dates of our new Epes and Bond plants by roughly a year. Any of these factors could prevent us from executing our growth strategy or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and financial position, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 We may be unable to make attractive acquisitions, and any acquisitions we make will be subject to substantial risks that could adversely impact our business. 
 We may consummate acquisitions that we believe will be attractive but that ultimately result in a decrease in our financial condition and results of operations. Any acquisition involves potential risks, some of which are beyond our control, including: 
 mistaken assumptions about revenues and costs, including synergies; 
 the inability to successfully integrate businesses we acquire; 
 the inability to hire, train, or retain qualified personnel to manage and operate our business and newly acquired assets; 
 the assumption of unknown liabilities; 
 limitations on our access to indemnification from the seller; 
 incorrect assumptions about the overall costs of equity or debt; 
 the diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 
 unforeseen difficulties in connection with operating newly acquired assets or in new geographic areas; 
 customer or key employee losses at acquired businesses; and 
 the inability to meet obligations in off take or other contracts associated with acquisitions. 
 If we consummate any future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly, and our stockholders may not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial, and other relevant information that we will consider in determining the application of our funds and other resources to acquisitions. 
 The Company s ability to declare and pay dividends, and to repurchase shares, is subject to certain considerations. 
 Dividends are authorized and determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. Decisions regarding the payment of dividends and the repurchase of shares are subject to a number of considerations, including: 
 cash available for dividends or repurchases; 
 the Company s results of operations and anticipated future results of operations; 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 the Company s financial condition, especially in relation to anticipated future capital needs; 
 the level of cash reserves the Company may establish to fund future capital expenditures, including potential acquisitions or development projects; 
 the Company s ability to access other sources of financing to fund potential acquisitions and development projects; 
 the Company s stock price; 
 excise taxes that may be imposed on the Company with respect to certain repurchases of the Company s stock; and 
 other factors the board of directors deems relevant. 
 The Company can provide no assurance that it will continue to pay dividends or authorize stock repurchases at the current rate or at all. Any elimination of or downward revision in the Company s dividend payout or stock repurchase program could have a material adverse effect on the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
 Our business is subject to risks related to legal proceedings and governmental inquiries. 
 Our business is subject to litigation, regulatory investigations, and claims arising in the normal course of operations. The risks associated with these matters often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. Our involvement in any investigations and lawsuits would cause us to incur additional legal and other costs and, if we were found to have violated any laws, we could be required to pay fines, damages, and other costs, perhaps in material amounts. Regardless of final costs, these matters could have an adverse effect on our business by exposing us to negative publicity, reputation damage, or diversion of personnel and management resources. 
 Changes in laws or government policies, incentives, and taxes related to low-carbon and renewable energy may affect customer demand for our products. 
 Consumers of utility-grade wood pellets currently use our products either as part of a binding obligation to generate a certain percentage of renewable energy or because they receive direct or indirect financial support or incentives to do so. Financial support is often necessary to cover the generally higher costs of wood pellets compared to conventional fossil fuels like coal. In most countries, once the government implements a tax e.g ., the U.K. s carbon price floor tax) or a preferable tariff or specific renewable energy policy either supporting a renewable energy generator or the energy generating sector as a whole, such tax, tariff, or policy is guaranteed for a specified period of time, sometimes for the investment lifetime of a generator s project. However, governmental policies that currently support the use of biomass may adversely modify their tax, tariff, or incentive regimes, and the future availability of such taxes, tariffs, or incentive regimes, either in current jurisdictions beyond the prescribed timeframes or in new jurisdictions, is uncertain. Demand for wood pellets could be substantially lower than expected if government support is removed, reduced, or delayed or, in the future, is insufficient to enable successful deployment of biomass power at the levels currently projected. 
 In addition, regulatory changes such as new requirements to install additional pollution control technology could require us to curtail or amend operations to meet new GHG and other emission limits. This may also affect demand for our products in addition to increasing our operational costs. Regulatory directives may require certain biomass standards to be satisfied in order for our customers to capture any available direct or indirect regulatory incentives from the use of our products. This typically is implemented through biomass sustainability criteria, which either are a mandatory element of eligibility for financial subsidies to biomass energy generators or may be expected to become mandatory in the future. For more information, see our risk factor titled Changes in the treatment of biomass could adversely impact our business. As a biomass fuel supplier, the viability of our business is therefore dependent on our ability to comply with such requirements. These requirements may restrict the types of biomass we can use and the geographic regions from which we source our raw materials and may require us to reduce GHG emissions associated with our supply and production processes. 
 Currently, some criteria with which we must comply, including rules relating to forest management practices and carbon accounting, are under revision. If different sustainability requirements are adopted in the future, demand for our products could be materially reduced in certain markets, and our results of operations, business and financial position, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, may be materially adversely affected. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Challenges to or delays in the issuance of air permits, or our failure to comply with our permits, could impair our operations and ability to expand our production. 
 Our plants are subject to the requirements of the Clean Air Act and must either receive minor source permits from the states in which they are located or a major source permit, which the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has the right to object to if it determines any proposed permit is not in compliance with applicable requirements. In general, our facilities are eligible for minor source permits following the application of pollution control technologies. However, we could experience substantial delays with respect to obtaining such permits, including as a result of any challenges to the issuance of our permits or other factors, which could impair our ability to operate our wood pellet production plants or expand our production capacity. In addition, any new air permits we receive could require that we incur additional expenses to install emissions control technologies or limit our operations. Such new permits could also impede our ability to satisfy emission limitations and/or stringent testing requirements to demonstrate compliance therewith. Failure to meet such requirements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and financial position, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 Federal, state, and local legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to forestry products and the potential for related litigation could result in increased costs and additional operating restrictions and delays, which could cause a decline in the demand for our products and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our raw materials are byproducts of traditional timber management and harvesting, principally the parts of the harvested wood that are not utilized in higher-value markets, such as the tops and limbs of trees, crooked or diseased trees, slash, understory, and thin tree lengths. Commercial forestry is regulated by complex regulatory frameworks at the federal, state, and local levels. Among other federal laws, the Clean Water Act and the Endangered Species Act have been applied to commercial forestry operations through agency regulations and court decisions, as well as through the delegation to states to implement and monitor compliance with such laws. State forestry laws, as well as land-use regulations and zoning ordinances at the local level, are also used to manage forests in the Southeastern United States, as well as other regions from which we may need to source raw materials in the future. Any new or modified laws or regulations at any of these levels could have the effect of reducing forestry operations in areas where we procure our raw materials and consequently may prevent us from purchasing raw materials in an economic manner, or at all. In addition, future regulation of, or litigation concerning, the use of timberlands, the protection of endangered species, the promotion of forest biodiversity and the response to and prevention of wildfires, as well as litigation, campaigns or other measures advanced by special interest groups, could also reduce the availability of the raw materials required for our operations. 
 Changes in the treatment of biomass could adversely impact our business. 
 Various rules have been issued or may be issued in the future by government agencies, including in the jurisdictions where we sell our products, to regulate the sustainability criteria associated with the use of biomass, which in turn may require us to adopt certain practices in our operations. 
 Biomass and our wood products are considered renewable under RED II. However, the EU is currently in the process of negotiating RED III and will determine whether the use of woody biomass will continue to be considered renewable in the EU and, therefore, can be used in meeting the EU s climate targets. The EU s directives establish, among other things, targets for renewable energy supply and certain sustainability requirements for biomass, including requirements related to carbon stocks and land use. If the wood pellets we produce do not conform to these or future requirements, our customers would not be able to count energy generated therefrom towards these renewable energy goals, which could decrease demand for our products. Biomass has been under additional regulatory scrutiny in recent years to develop standards to safeguard against adverse environmental effects from its use, and certain special interest groups that focus on environmental issues have expressed their opposition to the use of biomass, both publicly and directly, to domestic and foreign regulators, policy makers, power, heat or combined heat, and power generators generators and other industrial users of biomass. These groups are also actively lobbying, litigating, and undertaking other actions domestically and abroad in an effort to increase the regulation of, reduce or eliminate the incentives and support for, or otherwise delay, interfere with, or impede the production and use of biomass for or by generators. In response to such concerns, the Biden Administration withdrew from pre-publication review a pending rulemaking to characterize biomass as carbon-neutral for CAA purposes in the United States. While we do not currently sell a significant portion of our products in the United States, any changes in the treatment of biomass in jurisdictions where we sell or plan to sell our products could materially adversely affect our results of operations, business and financial condition, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 Notwithstanding the above, we cannot guarantee that our products will continue to be considered renewable in all jurisdictions where our customers consume them or meet future standards or the expectations of third parties, governmental authorities, and stakeholders, related to the same, especially with respect to potential regulatory changes. This may adversely 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 impact our business, harming our reputation, restricting or limiting access to and the cost of capital, and subjecting us to potential litigation risk. 
 Our operations are subject to stringent environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. 
 Our operations are subject to stringent federal, regional, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations. These laws and regulations govern environmental protection, occupational health and safety, the release or discharge of materials into the environment, air emissions, wastewater discharges, the investigation and remediation of contaminated sites, and allocation of liability for cleanup of such sites. These laws and regulations may restrict or impact our business in many ways, including by requiring us to acquire permits or other approvals to conduct regulated activities, limiting our air emissions or wastewater discharges or requiring us to install costly equipment to control, reduce, or treat such emissions or discharges and impacting our ability to modify or expand our operations. We may be required to make significant capital and operating expenditures to comply with these laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil, and criminal penalties, imposition of investigatory or remedial obligations, suspension or revocation of permits, and the issuance of orders limiting or prohibiting some or all of our operations. Adoption of new or modified environmental laws and regulations may impair the operation of our business, delay or prevent expansion of existing facilities or construction of new facilities, and otherwise result in increased costs and liabilities, which may be material. 
 The actions of certain special interest groups could adversely impact our business. 
 Certain special interest groups that focus on environmental issues have expressed their opposition to the use of biomass, both publicly and directly to domestic and foreign regulators, policy makers, power, heat or combined heat and power generators, and other industrial users of biomass. These groups are also actively lobbying, litigating, and undertaking other actions domestically and abroad in an effort to increase the regulation of, reduce or eliminate the incentives and support for, or otherwise delay, interfere with, or impede the production and use of biomass for or by heat and power generators. Such efforts, if successful, could materially adversely affect our results of operations, business and financial condition, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 Increasing attention to ESG matters, including our net-zero goals or our failure to achieve such goals, could adversely affect our business. 
 Increasing social and political attention to climate change and other environmental and social impacts may result in increased costs, changes in demand for certain types of products or means of production, enhanced compliance obligations, or other negative impacts to our business or our financial condition. Although we may participate in various voluntary frameworks and certification programs to improve the ESG profile of our operations and product, we cannot guarantee that such participation or certification will have the intended results on our ESG profile. 
 We create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters from time to time, but many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures are based on our expectations and assumptions, which may require substantial discretion and forecasts about costs and future developments. Such expectations and assumptions are also complicated by the lack of an established framework for identifying, measuring, and reporting on many ESG matters. Moreover, in February 2021, we announced our intention to reduce, eliminate, or offset our direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions by 2030 and to publicly report our progress against this goal. We have also made commitments to aim to source 100 renewable energy (Scope 2 GHG emissions) for our operations and to work with our partners to adopt clean energy solutions. For more information, see Recent Developments Commitment to Achieve Carbon Neutral Operations. Our estimates concerning the timing and cost of implementing our goals are subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which are outside of our control. Given the evolving nature of GHG emissions accounting methodologies and climate science, we cannot guarantee that such factors may not give rise to the need to restate or revise our emissions reduction goals, cause us to miss them altogether, or limit the impact of success of achieving our goals. Additionally, we cannot guarantee that there will be sufficient offsets available for purchase given the increased demand from numerous businesses implementing net zero goals, or that, notwithstanding our reliance on any reputable third party registries, that the offsets we do purchase will successfully achieve the emissions reductions they represent. We also may face greater scrutiny as a result of our announcement and publication of our progress, and any failure to successfully achieve our voluntary net-zero goals, or the manner in which we achieve some or any portion of our goals, could lead to adverse press coverage or other public attention. Moreover, despite the voluntary nature of our net-zero goals, we may receive pressure from external sources, such as lenders, investors, or other groups, to adopt more aggressive climate or other ESG-related goals; however, we may not agree that such goals will be appropriate for our business, and we may not be able to implement such goals because of potential costs or technical or operational obstacles. 
 In March 2022, the SEC released a proposed rule that would establish a framework for the reporting of climate risks, targets, and metrics. A final rule is expected in April 2023, but we cannot predict what any such final rule may require. As 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 proposed, the SEC climate rule would impose burdensome and potentially costly emissions and other data gathering and reporting requirements on our operations, including, but not limited to, those related to the risks of our operations arising from the physical impacts of climate change e.g ., flooding and water stress). Separately, the SEC has announced that it is scrutinizing existing climate-change related disclosures in public filings, increasing the potential for enforcement if the SEC were to allege an issuer s climate disclosures are misleading or deficient. 
 Relatedly, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed rating processes on evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us, our customers, or our industry, which could negatively impact our share price as well as our access to and cost of capital. Finally, to the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, we may not be able to compete as effectively to recruit or retain employees, which may adversely affect our operations. 
 Further, public statements with respect to ESG matters, such as emissions reduction goals, other environmental targets, or other commitments addressing certain social issues, are becoming increasingly subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities related to the risk of potential greenwashing, i.e., misleading information or false claims overstating potential ESG benefits. For example, in March 2021, the SEC established the Climate and ESG Task Force in the Division of Enforcement to identify and address potential ESG-related misconduct, including greenwashing. Certain non-governmental organizations and other private actors have also filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain ESG-related statements, goals, or standards were misleading, false, or otherwise deceptive. As a result, we may face increased litigation risks from private parties and governmental authorities related to our ESG efforts. We could also face increasing costs as we attempt to comply with and navigate further regulatory focus and scrutiny. 
 Finally, any alleged claims of greenwashing against us or others in our industry may lead to further negative sentiment and diversion of investments. For example, on November 3, 2022, a putative securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in the District of Maryland against Enviva, John Keppler, and Shai Even. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder based on allegations that the Company made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business, operations, and compliance policies, particularly relating to its ESG practices. Specifically, the lawsuit alleges that the Company s statements were misleading as to the environmental sustainability of the Company s wood pellet production and procurement and the impact such statements would have on the Company s financials and growth potential. The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages, equitable relief, interest and costs, and attorneys fees. Lead plaintiff and lead counsel were appointed on January 31, 2023, and their amended complaint is due to be filed on or before April 3, 2023. Enviva believes the case is without merit and intends to vigorously defend the matter. 
 Operational Risks 
 We may be unable to complete our construction projects on time, and our construction costs could increase to levels that make the return on our investment less than expected. 
 We may face delays or unexpected developments in completing our current or future construction projects, including as a result of ongoing supply chain issues, our failure to timely obtain the equipment, services, or access to infrastructure necessary for the operation of our projects at budgeted costs, maintain all necessary rights to land access and use and/or obtain and/or maintain environmental and other permits or approvals. These circumstances could prevent our construction projects from commencing operations or from meeting our original expectations concerning timing, operational performance, the capital expenditures necessary for their completion, and the returns they will achieve. Our inability to complete and transition our construction projects into financially successful operating projects on time and within budget could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business, and financial position, and cash flows. 
 The satisfactory delivery of substantially all of our production is dependent on continuous access to infrastructure at our owned, leased, and third-party-operated terminals. Loss of access to our ports of shipment and destination, including through failure of terminal equipment and port closures, could adversely affect our financial results and cash available for dividends. 
 Substantially all of our production is dependent on infrastructure at our owned, leased, and third-party-operated terminals. Should we suffer a catastrophic failure of the equipment at these terminals or otherwise experience port closures, including for security or weather-related reasons, or suffer the effects of ongoing supply chain issues, we could be unable to fulfill off take obligations or incur substantial additional transportation costs, which would reduce our cash flow. Moreover, we rely on various ports of destination, as well as third parties who provide stevedoring or other services at our ports of shipment and destination or from whom we charter oceangoing vessels and crews, to transport our product to our customers. Loss of access to these ports for any reason, or failure of such third-party service providers to uphold their contractual obligations, may impact our ability to 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 fulfill our obligations under our off-take contracts, cause interruptions to our shipping schedule and cause us to incur substantial additional transportation or other costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Failure to maintain effective quality control systems at our production plants and deep-water marine terminals could have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 
 Our customers require a reliable supply of wood pellets that meet stringent product specifications. We have built our operations and assets to consistently deliver and certify the highest levels of product quality and performance, which is critical to the success of our business and depends significantly on the effectiveness of our quality control systems, including the design and efficacy of such systems, the success of our quality training program and our ability to ensure that our employees and contract counterparties adhere to our quality control policies and guidelines. Moreover, any significant failure or deterioration of our quality control systems could impact our ability to deliver product that meets our customers specifications and, in turn, could lead to rejection of our product by our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 Our business is subject to operating hazards and other operational risks, which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We may also not be adequately insured against such events. 
 Our business could be materially adversely affected by operating hazards and other risks to our operations. We produce a combustible product that may under certain circumstances present a risk of fires and explosions or other hazards. Moreover, severe weather, such as floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, or other natural disasters, climatic phenomena, such as drought, and other catastrophic events, such as plant or shipping disasters, could impact our operations by causing damage to our facilities and equipment, affecting our ability to deliver our product to our customers and impacting our customers ability to take delivery of our products. Such events may also adversely affect the ability of our suppliers or service providers to provide us with the raw materials or services we require or the ability to load, transport, and unload our product. 
 In addition, the scientific community has concluded that severe weather will increase in frequency and intensity as result of increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth s atmosphere, and that climate change will have significant physical effects, including sea-level rise, increased frequency and severity of hurricanes and other storms, flooding, drought, and forest fires. We and our suppliers operate in coastal and wooded areas in geographic regions that are susceptible to such climate impacts. 
 We maintain insurance policies to mitigate against certain risks related to our business, in types and amounts that we believe are reasonable depending on the circumstances surrounding each identified risk; however, we may not be fully insured against all operating hazards and other operational risks incident to our business. Furthermore, we may be unable to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates, if at all. As a result of market conditions and certain claims we may make under our insurance policies, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies could escalate. In some instances, insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage or at unreasonable rates. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we are not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash available for dividends to our stockholders. 
 We may be required to make substantial capital expenditures to maintain and improve our facilities. 
 Although we currently use a portion of our cash generated from our operations to maintain, develop, and improve our assets and facilities, such investment may, over time, be insufficient to preserve the operating profile required for us to meet our planned profitability or meet the evolving quality and product specifications demanded by our customers. Moreover, our current and future construction and other capital projects may be capital-intensive or suffer cost overruns. Accordingly, if we exceed our budgeted capital expenditures and/or additional capital expenditures become necessary in the future and we are unable to execute our construction, maintenance, or improvement programs successfully, within budget, and in a timely manner, our results of operations, business and financial position, and our ability to generate cash flows, may be materially adversely affected. Our future success depends on our ability to continuously improve and upgrade our existing plants to meet customer demands while at the same time maintaining the reliability and integrity of our existing plants. We may not be able to maintain or replace key technology and infrastructure at our existing plants as quickly as we would like or in a cost-effective manner. The profitability of our business is dependent on the continuous improvement of both our supply and maintenance costs. We may not be able to continuously reduce costs as effectively as we need to increase profitability. 
 Our business and operating results are subject to seasonal fluctuations. 
 Our business is affected by seasonal fluctuations. The cost of producing wood pellets tends to be higher in the winter months because of increases in the cost of delivered raw materials, primarily due to a reduction in accessibility during cold and 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 wet weather conditions. Our raw materials typically have higher moisture content during this period, resulting in a lower product yield; moreover, the cost of drying wood fiber increases during periods of lower ambient temperatures. 
 The increase in demand for power and heat during the winter months drives greater customer demand for wood pellets. As some of our wood pellet supply to our customers are sourced from third-party purchases, we may experience higher wood pellet costs and a reduction in our gross margin during the winter months. These seasonal fluctuations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and cause comparisons of operating measures between consecutive quarters to not be as meaningful as comparisons between longer reporting periods. 
 We are exposed to construction and development risks related to our projects. 
 Historically, we acquired wood pellet production plants and marine export terminals that had either already commenced commercial operations or received financial support from our former sponsor to mitigate the risk associated with the construction and ramp of such assets. Following the Simplification Transaction (as defined below), we have received certain fixed payments from certain owners of our former sponsor associated with its obligations related to prior drop-downs and other transactions; however, such payments may be insufficient to fully compensate us for cost overruns, production delays, supply chain disruptions, or other adverse developments. Furthermore, we remain exposed to the risks associated with our organic growth initiatives and will be fully exposed to the risks associated with any new development or construction activities. 
 We expect to experience an increase in capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses related to our development and construction activities, which may be substantial. We may face delays or unexpected developments in completing our current or future construction projects, including as a result of our failure to timely obtain the equipment, services, or access to infrastructure necessary for the operation of our projects at budgeted costs, maintain all necessary rights to land access and use, and obtain and maintain environmental and other permits or approvals. These circumstances could prevent our construction projects from commencing operations or meeting our original expectations concerning timing, operational performance, the capital expenditures necessary for their completion, and the returns they will achieve. Moreover, design, development, and construction activities associated with a project may occur over an extended period of time but may generate little or no revenue or cash flow until the project is placed into commercial service. This mis-match in timing could reduce our available liquidity. Our inability to complete and transition our construction projects into financially successful operating projects on time and within budget or the failure of our projects to generate expected returns could have a material adverse impact our liquidity, results of operations, business, and financial position, as well as our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 Market and Credit Risks 
 Significant increases in the cost, or decreases in the availability, of raw materials or sourced wood pellets could result in lower revenue, operating profits, and cash flows, or impede our ability to meet commitments to our customers. 
 We purchase wood fiber from third-party landowners and other suppliers for use at our plants. Our reliance on third parties to secure wood fiber exposes us to potential price volatility and unavailability of such raw materials, and the associated costs may exceed our ability to pass through such price increases under our contracts with our customers. Further, delays or disruptions in obtaining wood fiber may result from a number of factors affecting our suppliers, including extreme weather, production or delivery disruptions, inadequate logging capacity, labor disputes, impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, the inability of suppliers to comply with regulatory or sustainability requirements, or decreased availability of raw materials. In addition, other companies, whether or not in our industry, could procure wood fiber within our procurement areas and adversely change regional market dynamics, resulting in insufficient quantities of raw material or higher prices. 
 Any interruption or delay in the supply of wood fiber, or our inability to obtain wood fiber at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demands of our customers and expand our operations 
 In addition to our production, we purchase wood pellets produced by other suppliers to fulfill our obligations under our portfolio of long-term off-take contracts or take advantage of market dislocations on an opportunistic basis. Any reliance on other wood pellet producers exposes us to the risk that such suppliers will fail to satisfy their obligations to us pursuant to the associated off-take contracts, including by failing to timely meet quality specifications and volume requirements. Any such failure could increase our costs or prevent us from meeting our commitments to our customers. 
 The materialization of any of the foregoing risks could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, business, and financial position, and cash generated from our operations. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 We are exposed to the credit risk of our contract counterparties, including the customers for our products, and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers could adversely affect our financial results and cash generated from our operations. 
 We are subject to the risk of loss resulting from nonpayment or nonperformance by our contract counterparties, including our long-term off-take customers and suppliers. Our credit procedures and policies may not be adequate to fully eliminate counterparty credit risk. If we fail to adequately assess the creditworthiness of existing or future customers or suppliers, or if their creditworthiness deteriorates unexpectedly, any resulting nonpayment or nonperformance by them could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, business and financial position, and cash generated from our operations. 
 Impacts to the cost or availability of transportation and other infrastructure could reduce our revenues. 
 Disruptions to or increases in the cost of local or regional transportation services and other forms of infrastructure, such as electricity, due to shortages of vessels, barges, railcars, or trucks, weather-related problems, flooding, drought, accidents, mechanical difficulties, bankruptcy, inflationary pressures, strikes, lockouts, bottlenecks, or other events could increase our costs, temporarily impair our ability to deliver products to our customers, and might, in certain circumstances, constitute a force majeure event under our customer contracts, permitting our customers to suspend taking delivery of and paying for our products. 
 In addition, persistent disruptions in our access to infrastructure may force us to halt production as we reach storage capacity at our facilities. Accordingly, if the primary transportation services we use to transport our products are disrupted, and we are unable to find alternative transportation providers, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and financial position, and cash generated from our operations. 
 We compete with other wood pellet producers and, if growth in domestic and global demand for wood pellets meets or exceeds management s expectations, the competition within our industry may grow significantly. 
 We compete with other wood pellet production companies for the customers to whom we sell our products. Other current producers of utility grade wood pellets include Drax Biomass Inc., AS Graanul Invest, Fram Renewable Fuels, LLC, An Viet Phat Energy Co., LTD, and Highland Pellets LLC. Competition in our industry is based on price, consistency and quality of product, site location, distribution and logistics capabilities, customer service, creditworthiness and reliability of supply. Some of our competitors may have greater financial and other resources than we do, may develop technology superior to ours, or may have production plants sited in more advantageous locations from a logistics, procurement, or other cost perspective. 
 In addition, we expect global demand for solid biomass to increase significantly in the coming years. This demand growth may lead to a significant increase in the production levels of our existing competitors and may incentivize new, well capitalized competitors to enter the industry, both of which could reduce the demand for our products and the prices we are able to obtain under future off take contracts. Significant price decreases or reduced demand could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and financial position, and cash generated from our operations. 
 A portion of our product sales are based on spot prices for wood pellets. Extended periods of low market prices, or high prices at a time that we need to supplement our production, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 In addition to generating cash flow from long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts, we generate cash flows through spot or short term sales when pricing dynamics and our contract terms allow it. Enviva has the opportunity to flex down or delay a certain percentage of contracted shipments and sell on spot. Conversely, when the spot market dynamics shift, Enviva may have the opportunity to purchase third-party volumes and deliver under its long-term contracts. Spot prices are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in supply and demand, and our ability to capitalize on higher spot prices and contract flexibility is dependent upon such fluctuations in pricing and demand. However, such cash flows may not be sustainable during periods of lower demand or pricing, which may adversely affect our financial results on a period-over-period basis. Similarly, under certain circumstances, we purchase pellets on the spot market to supplement our production. If we need to purchase pellets at a time when prices are elevated, this could adversely affect our gross margins and our financial results. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Risks 
 Our level of indebtedness may increase, thereby reducing our financial flexibility. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total debt was 1.6 billion, which primarily consisted of 750.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding under our 6.5 senior unsecured notes due 2026, 436.0 million aggregate principal outstanding under our senior secured credit facility, and 350.0 million aggregate principal amount of municipal notes issued in July and November 2022 to fund the construction of our plant in Epes, Alabama and our plant near Bond, Mississippi. In addition, in January 2023, we entered into a 105.0 million senior secured term loan facility, which matures in June 2027. In the future, we may incur additional indebtedness in order to make acquisitions or to develop our properties. Our level of indebtedness could affect our operations in several ways, including the following: 
 a significant portion of our cash flows could be used to service our indebtedness; 
 the covenants contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay dividends, and make certain investments; 
 our debt covenants may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry; 
 a high level of debt would increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including increasing interest rates and inflationary pressures; 
 a high level of debt may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that may be less leveraged and therefore may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our indebtedness would prevent us from pursuing; and 
 a high level of debt may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, or general corporate or other purposes. 
 In addition, borrowings under our senior secured credit facility bear, and potentially other debt instruments and credit facilities we or our subsidiaries may enter into in the future will bear, interest at variable rates. If market interest rates continue to increase, such variable-rate debt will create higher debt service requirements. Additionally, higher market interest rates can also increase borrowing costs on fixed rate debt instruments to be issued in the future, or the refinancing of existing fixed-rate debt. As such higher interest rate could adversely affect our cash flow and reduce funds available for organic growth or to return capital to investors. 
 In addition to our debt service obligations, our operations require substantial expenditures on a continuing basis. Our ability to make scheduled debt payments, to refinance our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and to fund capital and non capital expenditures necessary to maintain the condition of our operating assets and properties, as well as to provide capacity for the growth of our business, depends on our financial and operating performance. General economic conditions and financial, business, and other factors affect our operations and our future performance. Many of these factors are beyond our control. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash flows to pay the interest on our debt, and future working capital borrowings or debt or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt. 
 Our exposure to risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, as well as the hedging arrangements we may enter into to mitigate those risks, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may experience foreign currency exchange and interest rate volatility in our business. We use hedging transactions with respect to certain of our off-take contracts which are, in part or in whole, denominated in foreign currencies, and are party to interest rate swaps with respect to a portion of our variable-rate debt, in an effort to achieve more predictable cash flow and to reduce our exposure to foreign currency exchange and interest rate fluctuations. 
 In addition, there may be instances in which costs and revenue will not be matched with respect to currency denomination. As a result, to the extent that existing and future off-take contracts are not denominated in U.S. Dollars, it is possible that increasing portions of our revenue, costs, assets, and liabilities will be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency valuations. 
 Our hedging transactions involve cost and risk and may not be effective at mitigating our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates. Although the use of hedging transactions limits our downside risk, their use may also limit future revenues. Risks inherent in our hedging transactions include the risk that counterparties to hedging contracts may be unable to perform their obligations and the risk that the terms of such contracts will not be legally enforceable. Likewise, our hedging activities may be ineffective or may not fully offset the financial impact of foreign currency exchange or 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 interest rates fluctuations, which could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, business and financial position, and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Our business may suffer if we lose, or are unable to attract and retain, key personnel, or if we are unable to successfully adapt to the new leadership team. 
 We depend to a large extent on the services of our senior management team and other key personnel. Members of our senior management and other key employees collectively have extensive expertise in designing, building, and operating wood pellet production plants or marine terminals, negotiating long term off-take contracts and managing businesses such as ours. Competition for management and key personnel is intense, and the pool of qualified candidates is limited. The loss of any of these individuals or the failure to attract additional personnel, as needed, could have a material adverse effect on our operations and could lead to higher labor costs or reliance on less qualified personnel. In addition, if any of our executives or other key employees were to join a competitor or form a competing company, we could lose customers, suppliers, know-how, and key personnel. Our success is dependent on our ability to continue to attract, employ, and retain highly skilled personnel. 
 In November 2022, our co-founder, Chief Executive Officer and board Chairman, John K. Keppler stepped down from his responsibilities for medical reasons. In connection with Mr. Keppler s departure and consistent with the succession plan developed by the Board, Thomas Meth was appointed as Chief Executive Officer and Ralph Alexander assumed Mr. Keppler s role as Chairman of the Board. Although Mr. Meth and Mr. Alexander have extensive experience with the Company, this leadership transition may result in changes to our management style, operations, and strategies. Any significant leadership change or senior management transition involves inherent risk and could hinder our strategic planning, business execution and future performance. In particular, this or any future leadership transition may result in a loss of personnel with deep institutional or technical knowledge and changes in business strategy or objectives, and has the potential to disrupt our operations and relationships with employees and customers due to added costs, operational inefficiencies, changes in strategy, decreased employee morale and productivity, and increased turnover. Failure to successfully transition to the new leadership team could affect our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel and may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, business, and financial position. 
 The international nature of our business subjects us to a number of risks, including foreign exchange risk and unfavorable political, regulatory and tax conditions in foreign countries. 
 Substantially all of our current product sales are to customers that operate outside of the United States. As a result, we face certain risks inherent in maintaining international operations that include foreign exchange movements, restrictions on foreign trade and investment, including currency exchange controls imposed by or in other countries and trade barriers such as export requirements, tariffs, taxes and other restrictions and expenses, which could increase the prices of our products and make our products less competitive in some countries. 
 Changes to applicable tax laws and regulations or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our business, cash flows, and future profitability. 
 We are subject to various complex and evolving U.S. federal, state, and local and non-U.S. taxes. U.S. federal, state, and local and non-U.S. tax laws, policies, statutes, rules, regulations, or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified, or applied adversely to us, in each case, possibly with retroactive effect, and may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows and future profitability. 
 Labor strikes or work stoppages by our employees could harm our business. 
 As of December 31, 2022, none of our employees were represented by a labor union. However, unionization activities could occur among our employees. If employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strike, it could lead to disruptions in our business, increases in our operating costs and constraints on our operating flexibility. Strikes, work stoppages or an inability to negotiate collective bargaining agreements on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 
 Borrowings under our senior secured credit facility exposes us to interest rate risk. 
 Borrowings under our senior secured credit facility bear interest at a rate derived from the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). SOFR is a relatively new reference rate and has a very limited history. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on its limited historical performance. Since the initial publication of SOFR in April 2018, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as United States dollar LIBOR. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, any successor rate to SOFR under our senior secured credit facility may not have the same characteristics as SOFR or LIBOR. As a result, the amount of interest we may pay on our revolving credit facility is difficult to predict. 
 Our business is subject to cybersecurity risks. 
 As is typical of modern businesses, we are reliant on the continuous and uninterrupted operation of our information technology IT systems. User access and security of our sites and IT systems are critical elements of our operations, as are cloud security and protection against cybersecurity incidents. Any IT failure pertaining to availability, access, or system security could potentially result in disruption of our activities and personnel, and could adversely affect our reputation, operations, or financial performance. The energy industry has become increasingly dependent on digital technologies to conduct day-to-day operations, and the use of mobile communication devices has rapidly increased. Industrial control systems such as supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA systems now control large-scale processes that can include multiple sites across long distances. The Company s technologies, systems, networks, including its SCADA system, and those of its business partners may become the target of cybersecurity attacks or security breaches. 
 We have experienced attempted cybersecurity attacks, but have not suffered any material adverse impacts to our business and operations as a result of such unsuccessful attempts. We have implemented security measures that are designed to detect and protect against cyberattacks. No security measure is infallible. Despite these measures and any additional measures we may implement or adopt in the future, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers, have been and are vulnerable to security breaches, computer viruses, lost or misplaced data, programming errors, scams, burglary, human errors, misdirected wire transfers, and other adverse events. Our efforts to improve security and protect data may also identify previously undiscovered instances of security breaches or bad actors with present access to our systems. 
 Potential risks to our IT systems could include unauthorized attempts to extract business-sensitive, proprietary, confidential, or personal information, unauthorized attempts to perpetrate denial of service attacks, extortion, corruption of information, or disruption of business processes. A cybersecurity incident resulting in a security breach or failure to identify a security threat could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of sensitive, confidential information or other assets, as well as litigation, including individual claims or class actions, regulatory enforcement, violation of privacy or securities laws and regulations, and remediation costs, all of which could materially impact our reputation, operations, or financial performance. 
 Our business is subject to privacy and data protection legislation compliance risks. 
 The European Union has enacted the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (the EU GDPR ), and the United Kingdom has implemented the Data Protection Act 2018 and the EU GDPR as it forms part of the laws of England and Wales, Scotland, and Northern Ireland by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK GDPR ), each of which (to the extent such laws apply) broadly impacts businesses that handle various types of personal data, including employee personal data. 
 The EU GDPR and UK GDPR impose stringent legal and operational obligations on businesses, as well as the potential for fines, sanctions, or other penalties, which could materially and adversely affect operations and business, as well as adversely impact the reputation of the Company. 
 Additionally, as a result of recent case law and regulatory guidance in the EU, organizations with a nexus to the UK or the EU will likely need to dedicate compliance costs and resources to implement appropriate mechanisms and safeguards (e.g., standard contractual clauses, pseudonymization techniques, encryption, or impact assessments) to legitimize transfers of personal data from the EU and the UK to third countries that have not been deemed by the European Commission or the Secretary of State of the UK (as applicable) to provide adequate protection for personal data. This includes transfers to the United States. 
 As a result of the UK s departure from the EU, the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR are now dual regimes and may diverge over time. Any such divergence may lead to an increase in compliance costs and may require the dedication of additional time and resources. 
 A terrorist attack or armed conflict could harm our business. 
 Terrorist activities and armed conflicts could adversely affect the U.S. and global economies and could prevent us from meeting financial and other obligations or prevent our customers from meeting their obligations to us. The war in Ukraine impacted our operations in the year ended December 31, 2022, resulting in 5.1 million of incremental costs during the first quarter of 2022, due to severe dislocations within our third-party shipping partners operations related to demurrage and to loading, transporting, and unloading our wood pellets and the immediate spike in energy prices that impacted the cost of our 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 operations including incremental costs to support continued services from our third-party fiber suppliers and trucking service providers. We could experience loss of business, delays, or defaults in payments from customers or disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, including if domestic and global generators are direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror or war. Terrorist activities, the threat of potential terrorist activities, global conflict, and any resulting economic downturn could adversely affect our results of operations, impair our ability to raise capital, or otherwise adversely impact our ability to realize certain business strategies. 
 If the price of our common stock fluctuates significantly, your investment could lose value. 
 Although our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, we cannot assure you that an active public market will continue for our common stock. If an active public market for our common stock does not continue, the trading price and liquidity of our common stock will be materially and adversely affected. If there is a thin trading market or float for our stock, the market price for our common stock may fluctuate significantly more than the stock market as a whole. Without a large float, our common stock would be less liquid than the stock of companies with broader public ownership and, as a result, the trading prices of our common stock may be more volatile. In addition, in the absence of an active public trading market, investors may be unable to liquidate their investment in us. Furthermore, the stock market is subject to significant price and volume fluctuations, and the price of our common stock could fluctuate widely in response to several factors, including: our quarterly or annual operating results; changes in our earnings estimates; investment recommendations by securities analysts following our business or our industry; additions or departures of key personnel; changes in the business, earnings estimates, or market perceptions of our competitors; our failure to achieve operating results consistent with securities analysts projections; changes in industry, general market, or economic conditions; and announcements of legislative or regulatory changes. 
 The stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years that have significantly affected the quoted prices of the securities of many companies, including companies in our industry. The changes often appear to occur without regard to specific operating performance. The price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with our company and these fluctuations could materially reduce our stock price. 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock, or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 The trading market for our common stock will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports on us regularly, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. Moreover, if one or more of the analysts who cover our company downgrade our stock or if our operating results do not meet their expectations, our stock price could decline. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. If our board of directors elects to issue preferred stock, it could be more difficult for a third party to acquire us. In addition, some provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders, including: 
 advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; and 
 limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings. 
 Delaware law prohibits us from engaging in any business combination with any interested stockholder, meaning generally that a stockholder who beneficially owns more than 15 of our stock cannot acquire us for a period of three years from the date this person became an interested stockholder, unless various conditions are met, such as approval of the transaction by our board of directors. 
 The corporate opportunity provisions in our certificate of incorporation could enable affiliates of ours to benefit from corporate opportunities that might otherwise be available to us. 
 Subject to the limitations of applicable law, our certificate of incorporation, among other things; permits us to enter into transactions with entities in which one or more of our officers or directors are financially or otherwise interested; permits any of our stockholders, officers or directors, to conduct business that competes with us and to make investments in any kind of 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 property in which we may make investments; and provides that if any director or officer of one of our affiliates who is also one of our officers or directors becomes aware of a potential business opportunity, transaction, or other matter (other than one expressly offered to that director or officer in writing solely in his or her capacity as our director or officer), that director or officer will have no duty to communicate or offer that opportunity to us, and will be permitted to communicate or offer that opportunity to such affiliates and that director or officer will not be deemed to have (i) acted in a manner inconsistent with his or her fiduciary or other duties to us regarding the opportunity or (ii) acted in bad faith or in a manner inconsistent with our best interests. 
 These provisions create the possibility that a corporate opportunity that would otherwise be available to us may be used for the benefit of one of our affiliates. 
 Effects of COVID-19 pandemic and other health epidemics and outbreaks, including economic, regulatory, legal, workforce, and cybersecurity risks, could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 Our business is subject to ongoing risks associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and novel variants. Our contractors and supply chain partners have experienced labor-related and other challenges associated with COVID-19 that had a more pronounced than anticipated impact on our operations and project execution schedule. In addition, the prevalence of certain variants of COVID-19 and increased rates of infection across areas in which we operate affected the availability of healthy workers from time to time at our facilities and we experienced increased rates of absence in our hourly workforce as workers who contracted COVID-19 quarantined at home. These absences contributed to reduced facility availability and, in some cases, reduced aggregate production levels. At this time, we cannot predict the extent or duration of the COVID-19 pandemic or its effects on the economy, including the impact on demand for our services and workforce, nor can we estimate the ongoing potential adverse impact from COVID-19 on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and liquidity. 
 We have identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. If we are unable to develop and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, management identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting whereby the Company did not design and execute controls to assess the recoverability of recognized customer assets in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles . 
 The existence of material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of us, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our shares. We can give no assurance that the measures we have taken and plan to take in the future will remediate the material weakness identified or that any additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results will not arise in the future due to a failure to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. Even if we are successful in strengthening our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of our financial statements. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 Information regarding our properties is contained in Part I, Item 1. Business and Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 On November 3, 2022, a putative securities class action lawsuit was filed in federal district court in the District of Maryland against Enviva, John Keppler, and Shai Even. The lawsuit asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 thereunder based on allegations that the Company made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company s business, operations, and compliance policies, particularly relating to its ESG practices. Specifically, the lawsuit alleges that the Company s statements were misleading as to the environmental sustainability of the Company s wood pellet production and procurement and the impact such statements would have on the Company s financials and growth potential. The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages, equitable relief, interest and costs, and attorneys fees. Lead plaintiff and lead counsel were appointed on January 31, 2023, and their amended complaint is due to be filed on or before April 3, 2023. Enviva has insurance coverage that, we believe, will cover some or all of its liabilities related to the defense of this matter. However, litigation is inherently uncertain and we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred. Enviva believes the case is without merit and intends to vigorously defend the matter. 
 Although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation and claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business, we do not believe that we are a party to any other litigation that will have a material adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol EVA. 
 Holders of Record 
 As of February 24, 2023, there were 67.6 million shares of common stock outstanding held by 39 stockholders of record. Because many shares of our common stock are held by brokers and other institutions on behalf of our stockholders, we are unable to estimate the total number of stockholders represented by these stockholders of record. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We intend to continue to pay quarterly dividends from positive cash flow from operations to our stockholders. However, the decision to pay future dividends is solely within the discretion of, and subject to approval by, our board of directors. Our board of directors determination with respect to any such dividends, including the record date, the payment date and the actual amount of the dividend, will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant at the time of such determination. 
 Performance Graph 
 The graph below compares our cumulative total stockholder return since December 31, 2017 with the S P 500 Index and Dow Jones Industrial Average Index. The graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each index (including reinvestment of dividends) was 100 on December 31, 2017. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 
 The information relating to our equity compensation plans required by Item 5 is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in Part III, Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Unregistered Sales of Securities. 
 We did not have any sales of unregistered equity securities during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that we have not previously reported on a Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. RESERVED 
 Not applicable. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 On December 31, 2021, Enviva Partners, LP (the Partnership converted from a Delaware limited partnership to a Delaware corporation (the Conversion named Enviva Inc. References to Enviva, the Company, we, us, or our refer to (i) Enviva Inc. and its subsidiaries for the periods following the Conversion and (ii) Enviva Partners, LP and its subsidiaries for periods prior to the Conversion, except where the context otherwise requires. References to our former sponsor refer to Enviva Holdings, LP, and, where applicable, its wholly owned subsidiaries Enviva MLP Holdco, LLC and Enviva Development Holdings, LLC. References to our former General Partner refer to Enviva Partners GP, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Enviva Holdings, LP. Please read Item 7, Basis of Presentation, Corporate Conversion for information regarding the Conversion. Please read Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements beginning on page 1 and Item 1A. Risk Factors for information regarding certain risks inherent in our business. 
 
 Business Overview 
 We are a growth-oriented company originally formed as a Delaware limited partnership in 2013 that converted to a Delaware corporation named Enviva Inc. We develop, construct, acquire, and own and operate, fully contracted wood pellet production plants where we aggregate a natural resource, wood fiber, and process it into dry, densified, uniform pellets that can be effectively stored and transported around the world. We primarily sell our wood pellets through long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with creditworthy customers in the United Kingdom, the European Union (the EU ), and Japan, who use our pellets to displace coal and other fossil fuels to generate power and heat as part of their efforts to accelerate the energy transition away from conventional energy sources. Our wood pellets meet the criteria put forth by the European Union s Renewable Energy Directive RED II which includes biomass in its definition of renewable energy. The wood pellets we produce are viewed by our customers as a critical component of their efforts to reduce life-cycle greenhouse gas emissions in their core energy generation or industrial manufacturing processes and mitigate the impact of climate change. We believe that our wood pellets also have potential applicability to hard-to-abate sectors like steel, cement, lime, chemicals, and aviation fuels, where their use could reduce greenhouse gas emissions on a lifecycle basis. 
 We own and operate ten plants (collectively, our plants with a combined production capacity of approximately 6.2 million MT of wood pellets per year MTPY in Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, and Mississippi, the production of which is fully contracted, with a few of our contracts extending well into the 2040s. We export our wood pellets to global markets through our deep-water marine terminal at the Port of Chesapeake, Virginia, terminal assets at the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina, the Port of Pascagoula, Mississippi, and from third-party deep-water marine terminals in Savannah, Georgia, Mobile, Alabama, and Panama City, Florida. In 2022, we commenced construction of our fully contracted wood pellet production plant in Epes, Alabama (the Epes plant which is designed and permitted to produce more than one million MTPY of wood pellets. In addition, in 2022, we commenced the development, subject to receiving the necessary permits, of a wood pellet production plant in Bond, Mississippi (the Bond plant which is designed to produce more than one million MTPY of wood pellets. All of our facilities are located in geographic regions with low input costs and favorable transportation logistics. Owning these cost-advantaged assets in a rapidly expanding industry provides us with a platform to generate stable cash flows. Our plants are sited in robust fiber baskets providing stable pricing for the low-grade fiber used to produce wood pellets. Our raw materials are byproducts of the sawmilling process or traditional timber harvesting, principally low-value wood materials, such as trees generally not suited for sawmilling or other manufactured forest products, and tree tops and limbs, understory, brush, and slash that are generated in a harvest. 
 Our primary sales strategy is to fully contract the wood pellet production from our plants under long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with a diversified and creditworthy customer base. Our long-term off-take contracts typically provide for fixed-price deliveries that often include provisions that escalate the price over time and provide for other margin protection. For 2022, our production capacity from our wood pellet production plants was contracted under our existing long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts. In addition to generating durable cash flow from long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts, we monitor sustained dislocations in the marketplace, and opportunistically transact when pricing dynamics and contract flexibility provide avenues to generate incremental gross margin. These commercial activities are aligned with the terms of many of our off-take contracts, which generally provide us with the opportunity to flex a certain percentage of contracted shipments up or down. That flexibility, enabled by our multi-plant profile and scale, can create opportunities to optimize our gross margin when we sell under short-term contracts in times when spot market prices are elevated or, conversely, to purchase third-party volumes during times when spot market prices are depressed. However, these commercial activities are subject to market dynamics that can vary drastically; as a result, the financial impact of these activities may vary significantly from period to period. 
 Our largest customers use our wood pellets as a substitute fuel for coal in dedicated biomass or co-fired coal power plants. Wood pellets serve as a suitable drop-in alternative to coal because of their comparable heat content, density, and form. Due 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 to the uninterruptible nature of our customers fuel consumption, our customers require a reliable supply of wood pellets that meet stringent product specifications. We have built our operations and assets to deliver and certify the highest levels of product quality and our track record of reliable deliveries enables us to charge premium prices for this certainty. In addition to our customers focus on the reliability of supply, they are concerned about the combustion efficiency of the wood pellets and their safe handling. Because combustion efficiency is a function of energy density, particle size distribution, ash/inert content, and moisture, our customers require that we supply wood pellets meeting minimum criteria for a variety of specifications and, in some cases, provide incentives for exceeding our contract specifications. 
 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Corporate Conversion 
 We converted from a Delaware limited partnership to a Delaware corporation effective December 31, 2021; consequently, results for periods through December 31, 2021 reflect Enviva as a limited partnership, not a corporation. The primary financial impacts of the Conversion to the consolidated financial statements were (i) reclassification of partnership capital accounts to equity accounts reflective of a corporation and (ii) income tax effects. On the date of the Conversion, each common unit representing a limited partner interest in the Partnership issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Conversion was exchanged for one share of common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share. 
 Simplification Transaction 
 On October 14, 2021, the Partnership acquired our former sponsor and our former General Partner, and the incentive distribution rights held by our former sponsor were cancelled and eliminated (collectively, the Simplification Transaction in exchange for 16.0 million common units, which were distributed to the owners of our former sponsor. In connection with the Simplification Transaction, we acquired certain assets under development, as well as off-take contracts in varying stages of negotiation. Additionally, our existing management services fee waivers and other support agreements with our former sponsor were consolidated, fixed, and novated to certain owners of our former sponsor. Under the consolidated support agreement, we are entitled to receive quarterly payments (the Support Payments in an aggregate amount of 55.5 million with respect to periods from the fourth quarter of 2021 through the first quarter of 2024. The owners of our former sponsor agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from 9.0 million of the 16.0 million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction during the period beginning with the distribution for the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC 
 We own all of the Class B units of Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC (the Hamlet JV ). The Hamlet JV owns a wood pellet production plant in Hamlet, North Carolina (the Hamlet plant ). We are the managing member of the Hamlet JV, which is a consolidated subsidiary partially owned by a third party. For more information regarding our rights and obligations with respect to the Hamlet JV, see Note 15, Equity-Hamlet JV . 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Leadership Transition 
 In November 2022, John Keppler, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stepped down from his responsibilities to pursue medical and surgical treatment to address a cardiac valve issue, effective November 14, 2022. In connection with the termination of his employment with the Company, Mr. Keppler also resigned from his role as Chairman of the board of directors of the Company (the Board ). The Company expects Mr. Keppler to return as an active Executive Chairman during the first half of 2023 and to remain available to the Company until his return. The Company entered into a consulting agreement with respect to his ongoing service as a strategic advisor to the Company. In connection with Mr. Keppler s separation from the Company, the board of directors appointed Thomas Meth as Chief Executive Officer, effective November 14, 2022. In addition, in January 2023, the Company announced the promotion of Jason E. Paral to Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary. Mr. Paral s promotion completes the succession plan for William H. Schmidt, Jr., whereby Mr. Schmidt s responsibilities leading the Company s legal and development functions would be assumed by two executives, including by Mr. Paral and by Mark A. Coscio. Simultaneous with Mr. Paral s appointment, Mr. Schmidt stepped down from his position as Executive Vice President, Corporate Development and General Counsel, but continues to be employed by the Company as Senior Advisor for a transition period . 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 In June 2022, we amended our senior secured credit facility to extend the maturity date from April 2026 to June 2027, and to increase the maximum Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) from 5.00:1.00 to 5.50:1.00 (and from 5.25:1.00 to 5.75:1.00 during a Material Transaction Period (as defined in the credit agreement)). 
 New Markets Tax Credit NMTC Loans 
 In June 2022, we borrowed 42.0 million pursuant to which the net proceeds of such loans are generally restricted to funding a portion of the costs of the acquisition, construction, equipping, and financing of the Epes plant. The NMTC financing accrues interest at a weighted average rate of 2.9 per annum. Of the 42.0 million, 34.1 million matures in its entirety in June 2029, while 7.9 million could be prepaid quarterly starting in 2029 and through 2052. 
 Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds 
 In July 2022, The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Alabama issued its Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds (Enviva Inc. Project), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) (the Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of 250.0 million. The proceeds of the offering were loaned to us pursuant to a loan and guaranty agreement constituting a senior unsecured obligation to fund a portion of the costs of the acquisition, construction, equipping, and financing of the Epes plant and to pay costs of the offering. The Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, which were issued at par, bear interest at an annual rate of 6.00 , and mature in 2052, subject to mandatory tender in July 2032 by The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Alabama with the corresponding acceleration of payment under the loan to the Company. 
 Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds 
 In November 2022, the Mississippi Business Finance Corporation issued its Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds (Enviva Inc.), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) (the Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of 100.0 million. The proceeds of the offering were loaned to us pursuant to a loan and guaranty agreement constituting a senior unsecured obligation to fund a portion of the costs of acquiring, constructing, equipping, and financing of the Bond plant and to pay costs of the offering. The Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds which were issued at par, bear interest at an annual rate of 7.75 , and mature in 2047, subject to mandatory tender in July 2032 by the Mississippi Business Finance Corporation with a corresponding acceleration of payment under the loan to the Company. 
 Term Loan 
 In January 2023, under our senior secured credit facility, we entered into a senior secured term loan facility in the amount of 105.0 million, maturing in June 2027. Borrowing rates are variable and calculated as SOFR plus 4.00 per annum. We used the net proceeds to reduce borrowings under our revolver. 
 Commitment to Achieve Carbon-Neutral Operations 
 Consistent with our mission to displace coal, grow more trees, and fight climate change, we recently announced our intention to reduce, eliminate, or offset our Scope 1 GHG emissions and to source 100 renewable energy (Scope 2 GHG emissions) by 2030. The product we manufacture helps reduce the lifecycle GHG emissions of our customers, but we believe we must also do our part within our operations to mitigate the impacts of climate change. We seek to accomplish neutrality with respect to our Scope 1 emissions (i.e., direct emissions from our manufacturing) by improving energy efficiency and adopting lower-carbon processes, as well as through investment in carbon offsets. We also aim to neutralize our Scope 2 emissions (i.e., indirect emissions from energy we purchase) by using 100 renewable energy by 2030 through the purchase of renewable electricity and/or onsite generation where practicable. Moreover, we will seek to proactively engage with our suppliers, transportation partners, and other stakeholders to drive innovative improvements in our supply chain to reduce our Scope 3 emissions (i.e., indirect emissions in our value chain). We intend to report our Scopes 1, 2, and 3 emissions annually. Although it is difficult to project the incremental cost to our operations in 2030, we do not expect any material impact to our financial performance as a result of our efforts to achieve net-zero in GHG emissions from our operations. For more information, refer to the risk factor titled Increasing attention to ESG matters, including our net-zero goals and our failure to successfully achieve them, could adversely affect our business. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Factors Impacting Comparability of Our Financial Results 
 Executive Separation 
 In connection with the previously mentioned leadership transition in November 2022, we entered into a separation agreement with Mr. Keppler. The separation agreement included: (1) the bonus he would have been entitled to for the year ended December 31, 2022, pro-rated based on 2022 service through November 14, 2022, and paid with respect to targeted individual performance of Mr. Keppler and actual performance of the Company at the same time bonuses are paid to executives generally during the first quarter of 2023, (2) a severance payment of 3.8 million, paid in 36 equal installments, (3) accelerated vesting of unvested time-based Enviva Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plans (the LTIPs ), occurring during the first quarter of 2023, and (4) vesting of unvested performance-based LTIPs, occurring during the first quarter of 2023. In addition, we executed a consulting agreement pursuant to which with Mr. Keppler is paid 25,000 per month through March 31, 2023, which includes automatic monthly extensions thereafter until termination by Mr. Keppler or us. 
 Omicron Variant of Novel Coronavirus 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, the Omicron variant of COVID-19 significantly impacted our operations and resulted in 15.2 million of incremental costs. Our contractors and supply chain partners experienced labor-related and other challenges associated with COVID-19 that had a more pronounced than anticipated impact on our operations and project execution schedule. In addition, the prevalence of the Omicron variant of COVID-19 and increased rates of infection across areas in which we operate affected the availability of healthy workers from time to time at our facilities and we experienced increased rates of absence in our hourly workforce as workers who contracted COVID-19 quarantined at home. These absences contributed to reduced facility availability and, in some cases, reduced aggregate production levels. For more information about the effects of COVID-19 on the year ended December 31, 2022, please see below under Results of Operations. 
 War in Ukraine 
 The war in Ukraine impacted our operations and resulted in 5.1 million of incremental costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which were incurred during the first quarter of 2022. Our third-party shipping partners operations experienced severe dislocations which incrementally impacted our distribution costs related to demurrage and to loading, transporting, and unloading our wood pellets. In addition, the immediate spike in energy prices negatively impacted the cost of our operations including incremental costs to support continued services from our third-party fiber suppliers and trucking service providers. 
 Accounting for Wood Pellets Sale Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions 
 We have wood pellets sale contracts with a customer for the sale of approximately 2.8 million MT between the fourth quarter of 2022 through 2026 (the existing sale contracts ). In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company entered into agreements with the customer to purchase approximately 1.8 million MT of wood pellets between 2023 and 2025 (the new purchase agreements ). 
 Under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ), the fourth quarter 2022 new purchase agreements constituted a contract modification. Because the scope of the modification resulted in a net decrease in future sales volumes to the customer, the Company was required to account for the modification as if it had terminated the existing sale contracts and created a new, single contract. Accordingly, the amount of consideration to be received for the sale of approximately 2.8 million MT under the existing sale contracts will be allocated to the remaining sales during the life of the new purchase agreements base on an average sale price per MT. 
 Additionally, the fourth quarter 2022 new purchase agreements to purchase approximately 1.8 million MT of wood pellets during 2023 through 2025 constitute, for GAAP purposes, a repurchase agreement. Under GAAP, we are required to account for the new purchase agreements as a financing arrangement. 
 Accordingly, approximately 450,000 MT of wood pellets sold and delivered to the customer in the fourth quarter of 2022 are reflected as a financing transaction in our consolidated financial statements instead of as product sales. Gross proceeds of 175.1 million from the sales are reflected as financing liabilities and deferred revenue on our consolidated balance sheets, and the cost of goods sold of 95.3 million inclusive of depreciation and amortization expense of 9.3 million are reflected as inventory. In addition, interest expense of 9.6 million has been recorded based on the difference between the future purchase price per MT of the approximately 1.8 million MT under the new purchase agreements and the new blended sale price per MT of the volumes sold in the fourth quarter under the existing sales contracts only for the time that passed during the fourth quarter of 2022 between the sale and expected purchase dates. The cash received from the customer of 102.3 million during the fourth 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 quarter of 2022 under the existing sale contracts is included in net cash provided by financing activities instead of in cash provided by operating activities. 
 Our 2022 gross margin excluding depreciation and amortization was negatively impacted by 89.0 million, and interest expense was increased by 9.6 million, in each case by the impact of the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions. In addition, net cash provided by operating activities was reduced by 102.3 million due to the impact of the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions. 
 We expect to recognize the product sales associated with these transactions primarily in 2024 and 2025. 
 Polar Vortex 
 During late December 2022, the U.S. southeast experienced extremely cold temperatures for a short period. Our operations are built to withstand severe weather events, and our team prepared in advance to keep employees safe and limit operational disruption. During the period of freezing temperatures, production at several plants was curtailed for approximately a week and resulted in approximately 4.0 million of incremental costs. 
 Increased Borrowing under Senior Secured Credit Facility and Higher Interest Rate 
 During 2022, we had higher amounts borrowed and higher interest rates on our senior secured credit facility. 
 Inflationary Pressures 
 Heightened levels of inflation and the potential worsening of macro-economic conditions present risks for the Company, our suppliers and our customers. During 2022, we have experienced impacts to our labor rates and suppliers have signaled inflation related cost pressures, which flowed through to our costs and pricing. Although inflation impacted our financial results in 2022, if inflation remains at current levels for an extended period, or increases, and we are unable to successfully mitigate the impact, our costs are likely to increase, resulting in pressure on our profits, margins and cash flows, particularly for existing fixed-price contracts. We are not able to quantify the effects of inflation during 2022. In addition, inflation and the increases in the cost of borrowing from rising interest rates could constrain the overall purchasing power of our customers for our products, in particular in the near term to the extent inflation assumptions are less than current inflationary pressures. Rising interest rates will also increase our borrowing costs on new debt and could affect the fair value of our investments. We remain committed to our ongoing efforts to increase the efficiency of our operations and improve the cost competitiveness and affordability of our products and services, which may, in part, offset cost increases from inflation. 
 Senior Secured Green Term Loan Facility 
 In February 2021, our former sponsor entered into a senior secured green term loan facility (the Green Term Loan providing for 325.0 million principal amount, maturing in February 2026. Interest was priced at LIBOR plus 5.50 with a LIBOR floor of 1.00 . Our former sponsor received gross proceeds of 325.0 million and net proceeds of approximately 317.2 million after deducting original issue discount, commissions, and expenses. Our former sponsor used the net proceeds (1) to purchase the noncontrolling interest in Enviva JV Development Company, LLC (the Development JV ), (2) to repay the Riverstone Loan (see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 13, Related-Party Transactions ), (3) to fund capital expenditures and liquidity reserve cash accounts, and (4) for general purposes. 
 In October 2021, our former sponsor repaid in full the Green Term Loan and recognized a 9.4 million loss on early retirement of debt resulting from the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount. 
 
 How We Generate Revenue 
 Overview 
 We primarily earn revenue by supplying wood pellets to our customers under off take contracts, the majority of which are long-term in nature. Our off-take contracts are considered take-or-pay because they include a firm obligation of the customer to take a fixed quantity of product at a stated price and provisions that require that we be compensated in the case of a customer s failure to accept all or a part of the contracted volumes or termination of a contract by a customer. Each of our long-term off-take contracts defines the annual volume of wood pellets that a customer is required to purchase, and we are required to sell, the fixed price per MT for product satisfying a base net calorific value and other technical specifications. These prices are fixed for the entire term and are subject to adjustments which may include annual inflation-based adjustments or price escalators, price adjustments for product specifications, as well as, in some instances, price adjustments due to changes in underlying indices. Additionally, the majority of our long-term, off-take contracts include cost pass-through mechanisms for bunker fuel adjustments in our long-term shipping contracts. Some of our product volumes are sold under off-take contracts that 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 include cost pass-through mechanisms to mitigate increases in raw material and distribution costs. In addition to generating durable cash flow from long-term take-or-pay off-take contracts, we monitor sustained dislocations in the marketplace, and opportunistically transact when pricing dynamics and contract flexibility provide avenues to generate incremental gross margin. These commercial activities are aligned with the terms of many of our off-take contracts, which generally provide us with the opportunity to flex a certain percentage of contracted shipments up or down. That flexibility, enabled by our multi-plant profile, multi-deep water marine terminals and our long-term shipping contracts, can create opportunities to optimize our gross margin when we sell under short-term contracts in times when spot market prices are elevated or, conversely, to purchase third-party volumes during times when spot market prices are depressed. However, these commercial activities are subject to market dynamics that can vary drastically; as a result, the financial impact of these activities may vary significantly from period to period. Because each of our off-take contracts is a bilaterally negotiated agreement, our revenue from such contracts does not generally follow observable current market pricing trends. Our performance obligations under these contracts include the delivery of wood pellets, which are aggregated into MT. We account for each MT as a single performance obligation. Our revenue from the sale of wood pellets we produce is recognized upon satisfaction of the performance obligation when control transfers to the customer at the time of loading wood pellets onto a ship. 
 Depending on the specific off-take contract, shipping terms under our long-term contracts are either Cost, Insurance and Freight CIF ), Cost and Freight CFR ), or Free On Board FOB ). Under a CIF contract, we procure and pay for shipping costs, which include insurance and all other charges, up to the port of destination for the customer. Under a CFR contract, we procure and pay for shipping costs, which include insurance (excluding marine cargo insurance) and all other charges, up to the port of destination for the customer. Shipping under CIF and CFR contracts after control has passed to the customer is considered a fulfillment activity rather than a performance obligation and associated expenses are accrued and included in the price to the customer. Under FOB contracts, the customer is directly responsible for shipping costs. 
 In some cases, we may purchase shipments of product from third-party suppliers and resell them in back-to-back transactions purchase and sale transactions ). We typically are the principal in such transactions because we control the wood pellets prior to transferring them to the customer and therefore recognize related revenue on a gross basis. 
 Other Revenue 
 Other revenue includes fees from customers related to cancellations, deferrals, or accelerations of shipments and certain sales and marketing, scheduling, sustainability, consultation, shipping, and risk management services. 
 We recognize third-party terminal services revenue ratably over the contract term. Terminal services are performance obligations that are satisfied over time, as customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits of the terminal services we perform. The consideration is generally fixed for minimum quantities and services beyond minimum quantities are generally billed on a per-MT rate. 
 Contracted Backlog 
 As of January 1, 2023, we had approximately 23.5 billion of product sales backlog for firm and contingent contracted product sales to our long-term off-take customers and our long-term contracts have a total weighted-average remaining term of 13.7 years compared to approximately 21.1 billion and a total weighted-average remaining term of 14.6 years as of January 1, 2021. The contingent contracted product sales include contracts or memoranda of understanding subject to certain conditions precedent. Firm contracted backlog represents the revenue to be recognized under existing contracts assuming deliveries occur as specified in the contracts. Contingent contracted backlog includes memoranda of understanding that include agreed pricing and volume terms, as well as firm contracts that are subject to conditions precedent with respect to financing, potential government regulation enactment, or technological feasibility. Contracted future product sales denominated in foreign currencies, excluding revenue hedged with foreign currency forward contracts, are included in U.S. Dollars at January 1, 2023 forward rates. The contracted backlog includes forward prices, including inflation, as well as foreign currency and commodity prices. The contracted backlog also includes the effects of related foreign currency derivative contracts. Please read Part II, Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 8, Derivative Instruments , for more information regarding our foreign currency forward contracts. 
 Our expected future product sales revenue under our contracted backlog as of January 1, 2023 is as follows (in millions): 
 Year ending December 31, 2023 1,568 Year ending December 31, 2024 1,618 Year ending December 31, 2025 and thereafter 20,333 Total product sales contracted backlog 23,519 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Costs of Conducting Our Business 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 Cost of goods sold includes the costs to produce and deliver our wood pellets to customers, reimbursable shipping-related costs associated with specific off-take contracts with CIF or CFR shipping terms, and costs associated with purchase and sale transactions. The primary expenses incurred to produce and deliver our wood pellets consist of raw material, production, and distribution costs. 
 We have strategically located our plants in the Mid-Atlantic and Gulf Coast regions of the United States, geographic areas in which wood fiber sources are plentiful and readily available. We have short-term and long-term contracts to manage the supply of raw materials into our plants. Delivered wood fiber costs include stumpage as well as harvesting, transportation, and in some cases, size-reduction services provided by our suppliers. 
 Production costs at our production plants consist of labor, energy, tooling, repairs and maintenance, and plant overhead costs. Production costs also include depreciation expense associated with the use of our plants and equipment and any gain or loss on disposal of associated assets. Some of our off-take contracts include price escalators that mitigate inflationary pressure on certain components of our production costs. In addition to the wood pellets that we produce at our owned and operated production plants, we selectively purchase additional quantities of wood pellets from other wood pellet producers. Costs associated with purchase and sale transactions are included in cost of goods sold. 
 Distribution costs include all transportation costs from our plants to our port locations, any storage or handling costs while the product remains at port, and shipping costs related to the delivery of our product from our port locations to our customers. Both the strategic location of our plants and our ownership or control of our deep-water terminals have allowed for the efficient and cost-effective transportation of our wood pellets. We seek to mitigate shipping risk by entering into long-term, fixed-price shipping contracts with reputable shippers matching the terms and volumes of our off-take contracts pursuant to which we are responsible for arranging shipping. Certain of our off-take contracts include pricing adjustments for volatility in fuel prices, which allow us to pass the majority of the fuel price-risk associated with shipping through to our customers. 
 Raw material, production, and distribution costs associated with delivering our wood pellets to our owned and leased marine terminals and third-party wood pellet purchase costs are capitalized as a component of inventory. Fixed production overhead, including the related depreciation expense, is allocated to inventory based on the normal capacity of the production plants. When the inventory is sold, the depreciation allocated to it is reflected as depreciation and amortization expense in our consolidated statements of operations, while the other fixed production overhead allocated to inventory is reflected in cost of goods sold, excluding depreciation and amortization. Distribution costs associated with shipping our wood pellets to our customers are expensed as incurred. Our inventory is recorded using the first-in, first-out method FIFO ). Given the nature of our inventory, the calculation of cost of goods sold is based on estimates used in the valuation of the FIFO inventory and in determining the specific composition of inventory that is sold to each customer. 
 Recoveries from customers for certain costs incurred at the discharge port under our off-take contracts are not considered a part of the transaction price, and therefore are excluded from product sales and included as an offset to cost of goods sold. 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies Recently Adopted Accounting Standards and Recently Issued Accounting Standards not yet Adopted , in the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a description of recently issued and adopted accounting pronouncements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements and the reported revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. We evaluate these estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis and base our estimates on historical experience, current conditions, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. The results of these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities as well as identifying and assessing the accounting treatment with respect to commitments and contingencies. Our actual results may materially differ from these estimates. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 For accounting policies and estimates that we believe are critical to our consolidated financial statements due to the degree of uncertainty regarding the estimates or assumptions involved, please see the following disclosures within the Notes to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies , specifically about Inventories , Revenue Recognition , Cost of Goods Sold , and Property, Plant and Equipment . 
 
 How We Evaluate Our Operations 
 Adjusted Net Income (Loss) 
 We define adjusted net income (loss) as net income (loss) excluding acquisition and integration costs and other, effects of COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine, Support Payments, Executive separation, and early retirement of debt obligation. We believe that adjusted net income (loss) enhances investors ability to compare the past financial performance of our underlying operations with our current performance separate from certain items of gain or loss that we characterize as unrepresentative of our ongoing operations. 
 Adjusted Gross Margin and Adjusted Gross Margin per Metric Ton 
 We define adjusted gross margin as gross margin excluding loss on disposal of assets and impairment of assets, non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense, depreciation and amortization, changes in unrealized derivative instruments related to hedged items, acquisition and integration costs and other, effects of COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine, and Support Payments. We define adjusted gross margin per metric ton as adjusted gross margin per metric ton of wood pellets sold. We believe adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton are meaningful measures because they compare our revenue-generating activities to our cost of goods sold for a view of profitability and performance on a total-dollar and a per-metric ton basis. Adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton primarily will be affected by our ability to meet targeted production volumes and to control direct and indirect costs associated with procurement and delivery of wood fiber to our wood pellet production plants and our production and distribution of wood pellets. 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) excluding depreciation and amortization, interest expense, income tax expense (benefit), early retirement of debt obligation, non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense, loss on disposal of assets and impairment of assets, changes in unrealized derivative instruments related to hedged items, acquisition and integration costs and other, effects of COVID-19 and the war in Ukraine, Support Payments, and Executive separation. Adjusted EBITDA is a supplemental measure used by our management and other users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, and research analysts, to assess the financial performance of our assets without regard to financing methods or capital structure. 
 Distributable Cash Flow 
 We define distributable cash flow as adjusted EBITDA less cash income tax expenses, interest expense net of amortization of debt issuance costs, debt premium and original issue discounts. non-cash interest expense from the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ), and maintenance capital expenditures. We use distributable cash flow as a performance metric to compare our cash-generating performance from period to period and to compare the cash-generating performance for specific periods to the cash dividends (if any) that are expected to be paid to our shareholders. We do not rely on distributable cash flow as a liquidity measure. 
 Limitations of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Adjusted net income (loss), adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin per metric ton, adjusted EBITDA, and distributable cash flow are not financial measures presented in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). We believe that the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations. Our non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered as alternatives to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. Each of these non-GAAP financial measures has important limitations as an analytical tool because they exclude some, but not all, items that affect the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. You should not consider adjusted net income (loss), adjusted gross margin, adjusted gross margin per metric ton, adjusted EBITDA, or distributable cash flow in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported in accordance with GAAP. 
 Our definitions of these non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility. Please see below for a reconciliation of each of adjusted net income (loss), 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton, adjusted EBITDA, and distributable cash flow to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change (in thousands) Product sales 1,079,814 999,190 80,624 Other revenue 14,462 42,488 (28,026) Net revenue 1,094,276 1,041,678 52,598 Cost of goods sold, excluding items below 927,453 861,703 65,750 Loss on disposal of assets 8,607 10,153 (1,546) Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses 119,713 175,108 (55,395) Executive separation 20,813 20,813 Depreciation and amortization 113,177 91,966 21,211 Total operating costs and expenses 1,189,763 1,138,930 50,833 Loss from operations (95,487) (97,252) 1,765 Interest expense (71,585) (56,497) (15,088) Early retirement of debt obligation (9,377) 9,377 Other income, net 1,198 880 318 Net loss before income taxes (165,874) (162,246) (3,628) Income tax expense (benefit) 2,494 (16,975) 19,469 Net loss (168,368) (145,271) (23,097) 
 Net revenue 
 Revenue related to product sales for wood pellets produced or procured by us increased to 1,079.8 million in 2022 from 999.2 million in 2021. The 80.6 million, or 8 , increase was primarily attributable to a 17 increase in average sale price per MT and a 8 decrease in product sales volumes for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Product sales exclude the gross proceeds of 175.1 million related to the sale of approximately 450,000 MT of wood pellets in the fourth quarter of 2022 pursuant to the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ). 
 The increase in average sales price per MT was primarily driven by our commercial activities, which allowed us to address dislocations in our customers and other producers supply chains. These activities included completing incremental deliveries at elevated spot pricing, applying pricing escalators and cost pass-through mechanisms inclusive of bunker fuel adjustments in our existing contracts, and repricing existing contracts and entering into new contracts at higher prices compared to historical prices. Recent biomass spot market prices, as well as the forward curve pricing of certain European indices, have exceeded 345 per MT, representing a substantial premium to the current long-term contracted pricing of roughly 200 to 235 per MT weighted average across our portfolio, and we were able to capture some of that differential during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Product sales volumes decreased 379,000 MT for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease of 379,000 MT in product sales volumes is primarily due to the approximately 825,000 MT decrease in procured volumes due to a lower availability of third-party wood pellets resulting from the war in Ukraine and related sanctions and approximately 450,000 MT sold and delivered in the fourth quarter of 2022 that were treated as a financing arrangement pursuant to the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ), partially offset by an increase in produced wood pellets of approximately 900,000 MT. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Other revenue for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included 6.4 million and 37.3 million, respectively, in payments to us for adjusting deliveries under our take-or-pay off-take contracts, which otherwise would have been included in product sales and was recognized under a breakage model based on when the pellets would have been loaded. 
 Cost of goods sold 
 Cost of goods sold increased to 927.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 861.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 65.8 million, or 8 . The increase in cost of goods sold was primarily a result of incremental fiber logistics, energy, and wood pellet distribution costs inclusive of bunker fuel adjustments. In particular, during the first quarter of 2022, we experienced labor-related and other challenges associated with COVID-19 with our employees, contractors and supply chain partners that had a more pronounced than anticipated impact on our operations and project execution. Furthermore, we incurred incremental cost of goods sold from the on-going ramp of the Lucedale plant and the commencement of operations of the Pascagoula terminal. The cost of goods sold exclude 95.3 million inclusive of depreciation and amortization of approximately 9.3 million, which are reflected as inventory in connection with the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ). 
 Adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands, except per metric ton) Reconciliation of gross margin to adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton: Gross margin (1) 
 53,906 83,362 (29,456) Loss on disposal of assets and impairment of assets 10,478 10,143 335 Non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense 2,944 2,271 673 Depreciation and amortization 105,179 86,471 18,708 Changes in unrealized derivative instruments (59) (2,673) 2,614 Acquisition and integration costs and other 1,664 397 1,267 Effects of COVID-19 13,942 13,942 Effects of the war in Ukraine 5,051 5,051 Support Payments 23,985 25,100 (1,115) Adjusted gross margin 217,090 205,071 12,019 Metric tons sold 4,654 5,033 (379) Adjusted gross margin per metric ton 46.65 40.75 5.90 (1) Gross margin is defined as net revenue less cost of goods sold (including related depreciation and amortization and loss on disposal of assets). 
 We earned adjusted gross margin of 217.1 million, or 46.65 per MT, for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 205.1 million, or 40.75 per MT, for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in adjusted gross margin was primarily due increases in net revenue driven by our ability to capitalize on higher spot prices through our commercial activities in 2022, partially offset by incremental fiber logistics, energy, and wood pellet distribution costs. The increase in adjusted gross margin of 12.0 million excludes 89.0 million of adjusted gross margin deferred in connection with the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ). 
 The Omicron variant of COVID-19 significantly impacted our operations and resulted in 13.9 million of incremental costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which were incurred during the first quarter of 2022. 
 The impact on our supply chain logistics within our fiber supply base as well as our truck and rail service providers was more pronounced than anticipated. Our third-party service providers failure to perform resulted in unprecedented incremental costs to procure raw materials and produce and deliver our wood pellets to customers. 
 We incurred incremental costs related to increased employee overtime and significant contract labor to partially offset plant employee absenteeism. 
 We incurred incremental costs related to obtaining short-term rentals of equipment due to delayed delivery of acquired equipment to ensure continued operations. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The war in Ukraine impacted our operations and resulted in 5.1 million of incremental costs during the year ended December 31, 2022, all of which were incurred during the first quarter of 2022. 
 Severe dislocations within our third-party shipping partners operations resulted in incremental distribution costs related to demurrage and to loading, transporting, and unloading our wood pellets. 
 The immediate spike in energy prices negatively impacted the cost of our operations including incremental costs to support continued services from our third-party fiber suppliers and trucking service providers. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, the polar vortex impacted our operations and resulted in 4.0 million of incremental costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Due to the increased average sales price per MT and the increase in sales volumes as described above and after excluding the aforementioned incremental fiber logistics, energy, and wood pellet distribution costs, adjusted gross margin increased during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses 
 Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses were 119.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 175.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses include costs to develop new markets, corporate and other overhead expenses, and costs of developing new plants or ports (for those that have not yet met the capitalization threshold or costs that are not eligible for capitalization). Once a significant component of the plant or port is placed in-service, the associated expense component is classified as cost of goods sold. The 55.4 million decrease in total selling, general, administrative, and development expenses is primarily associated with a decrease in consulting and management fee expenses, non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense, and due to the elimination of activities resulting from the Simplification Transaction. 
 Executive separation 
 In November 2022, John Keppler, our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board, stepped down from his responsibilities to pursue medical and surgical treatment to address a cardiac valve issue. Mr. Keppler s separation agreement included: (1) the bonus he would have been entitled to for the year ended December 31, 2022, pro-rated based on 2022 service through November 14, 2022, and paid with respect to targeted individual performance of Mr. Keppler and actual performance of the Company at the same time bonuses are paid to executives generally during the first quarter of 2023, (2) a severance payment of 3.8 million, paid in 36 equal installments, (3) accelerated vesting of unvested time-based LTIPs, occurring during the first quarter of 2023, and (4) vesting of unvested performance-based LTIPs, occurring during the first quarter of 2023. 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expense increased to 113.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 from 92.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 21.2 million or 23 , primarily due to the Lucedale plant, Pascagoula terminal, and expansion assets placed in service. 
 Interest expense 
 We incurred 71.6 million of interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 56.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in interest expense of 15.1 million from the prior year was primarily attributable to the 9.6 million of non-cash interest recognized in connection with the the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ), and a higher outstanding borrowing amount and higher floating interest rate on our senior secured credit facility, partially offset by the extinguishment of the senior secured green term loan facility for the year ended December 31, 2021 as part of the Simplification Transaction. 
 Early retirement of debt obligation 
 In October 2021, our former sponsor repaid in full the Green Term Loan, which had a principal balance of 318.4 million at the time, and recognized a 9.4 million loss on early retirement of debt resulting from the write-off of unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discount. 
 Income tax 
 We recorded 2.5 million of income tax expense during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 17.0 million of income tax benefit during the year ended December 31, 2021. The 2.5 million of income tax expense during the year ended December 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 31, 2022 was primarily due to a change in valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. The income tax benefit of 17.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 was due to the Conversion. 
 Adjusted net loss Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Reconciliation of net loss to adjusted net loss: Net loss (168,368) (145,271) (23,097) Acquisition and integration costs and other 21,745 32,608 (10,863) Effects of COVID-19 15,189 15,189 Effects of the war in Ukraine 5,051 5,051 Support Payments 23,985 25,100 (1,115) Executive separation 20,813 20,813 Early retirement of debt obligation 9,377 (9,377) Adjusted net loss (81,585) (78,186) (3,399) 
 Adjusted EBITDA Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Reconciliation of net loss to adjusted EBITDA: Net loss (168,368) (145,271) (23,097) Add: Depreciation and amortization 113,177 91,966 21,211 Interest expense 71,585 56,497 15,088 Income tax expense (benefit) 2,494 (16,975) 19,469 Early retirement of debt obligation 9,377 (9,377) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense 38,260 55,924 (17,664) Loss on disposal of assets and impairment of assets 11,347 10,153 1,194 Changes in unrealized derivative instruments (59) (2,673) 2,614 Acquisition and integration costs and other 21,745 32,608 (10,863) Effects of COVID-19 15,189 15,189 Effects of the war in Ukraine 5,051 5,051 Support Payments 23,985 25,100 (1,115) Executive separation 20,813 20,813 Adjusted EBITDA 155,219 116,706 38,513 
 We generated adjusted EBITDA of 155.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 116.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 38.5 million increase was primarily attributable to the factors described above under the heading Adjusted gross margin and adjusted gross margin per metric ton. The increase in adjusted EBITDA of 38.5 million excludes 89.0 million recognized as inventory in connection with the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Distributable cash flow 
 The following is a reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to distributable cash flow: 
 Year Ended December 31, Change 2022 2021 (in thousands) Reconciliation of adjusted EBITDA to distributable cash flow attributable to Enviva: Adjusted EBITDA 155,219 116,706 38,513 Less: Interest expense, net of amortization of debt issuance costs, debt premium, original issue discount, and non-cash interest expense from the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (1) 
 59,508 52,574 6,934 Maintenance capital expenditures 14,375 13,981 394 Distributable cash flow attributable to Enviva Inc. 81,336 50,151 31,185 Less: Distributable cash flow attributable to incentive distribution rights 19,030 (19,030) Distributable cash flow attributable to Enviva Inc. 81,336 31,121 50,215 (1) See above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our primary sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalent balances, cash generated from operations, availability under our senior secured credit facility, and, from time to time, debt and equity offerings. Our primary liquidity needs are to fund working capital, service our debt, finance greenfield construction projects, growth initiatives, and maintenance capital expenditures, and pay dividends. We believe cash on hand, cash generated from our operations, and the availability of our senior secured credit facility will be sufficient to meet our primary liquidity requirements. However, future capital expenditures, such as expenditures made in relation to acquisitions of plants or terminals, plant development and/or plant expansion projects, and other cash requirements could be higher than we currently expect as a result of various factors. We regularly monitor market conditions and our liquidity needs and from time to time may raise additional funds through debt or equity financing, through private investments in the company, or through other financing opportunities. Additionally, our ability to generate sufficient cash from our operating activities depends on our future performance, which is subject to general economic, political, financial, competitive, and other factors beyond our control. 
 Our liquidity as of December 31, 2022, which included cash on hand and availability under our 570.0 million senior secured credit facility, was 384.1 million. 
 Cash Dividends 
 We expect to continue to pay regular cash dividends to holders of our common stock. However, the decision to pay future cash dividends is solely within the discretion of, and subject to approval by, our board of directors. Our board of directors determination with respect to any such dividends, including the record date, the payment date and the actual amount of the dividend, will depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that the board deems relevant at the time of such determination. 
 The former owners of our former sponsor have agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from 9.0 million of the 16.0 million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction for the dividends paid for the period beginning with the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 Capital Requirements 
 We operate in a capital-intensive industry, which requires significant investments to develop and construct new production and terminal facilities, and maintain and upgrade our existing facilities. Our capital requirements primarily have consisted, and we anticipate will continue to consist, of the following: 
 Maintenance capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures incurred to maintain our long-term operating income or operating capacity. These expenditures typically include certain system integrity, compliance, and safety improvements; and 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Growth capital expenditures, which are cash expenditures we expect will increase our operating income or operating capacity over the long term. Growth capital expenditures include acquisitions or construction of new capital assets or capital improvements such as additions to or improvements on our existing capital assets as well as projects intended to extend the useful life of assets. 
 The classification of capital expenditures as either maintenance or growth is made at the individual asset level during our budgeting process and as we approve, execute, and monitor our capital spending. 
 We plan to invest 365.0 million to 415.0 million in capital expenditures in 2023. Of that amount, we expect to invest (1) 295.0 million to 325.0 million primarily on the development and construction of the Epes and Bond plants, (2) 50.0 million to 70.0 million primarily on growth projects, and (3) 20.0 million on maintenance capital expenditures. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we invested 217.8 million in capital expenditures. 
 Our current financing strategy is to fund acquisitions and construction activities with a combination of cash from operations and debt. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total debt was 1.6 billion and primarily consisted of: 
 750.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.5 senior unsecured notes due in January 2026; 
 436.0 million of revolver credit facility borrowings under a senior secured credit facility maturing in June 2027, bearing interest, at our option, at either a Term SOFR rate or at a base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin; 
 31.4 million qualified New Markets Tax Credit Loans at a weighted average interest rate of 2.9 , maturing in June 2029; 
 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 6.0 Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds issued by The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Alabama, the proceeds of which were loaned to the Company pursuant to a loan and guaranty agreement constituting a senior unsecured obligation, maturing in July 2052 with the option for holders to redeem at par 2032; 
 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.75 Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds issued by the Mississippi Business Finance Corporations, the proceeds of which were loaned to the Company pursuant to a loan and guaranty agreement constituting a senior unsecured obligation, maturing July 2047 with the option for holders to redeem at part in 2032; and 
 8.8 million 2.5 promissory note, maturing in February 2023. 
 For additional information on our long-term debt, see Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplemental Data, Note 12, Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Obligations. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our net cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (88,767) 33,390 Net cash used in investing activities (222,847) (332,322) Net cash provided by financing activities 544,173 249,775 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 232,559 (49,157) 
 Cash (Used in) Provided by Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 88.8 million and net cash provided by operating activities was 33.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 122.2 million decrease in cash provided by operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to a 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 decrease in cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities of 133.9 million. The decrease in cash from operating assets and liabilities is composed primarily of 95.3 million related to finished goods inventory resulting from the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ), a 87.4 million decrease related to accounts receivable due to the timing of product delivery, and 39.2 million paid to certain customers during 2022 to reschedule and/or re-price their take-or-pay off-take contracts. The projected product sales to these certain customers and the weighted-average remaining term under these customers contracts are 14.6 billion and 13.8 years, respectively. These outflows of cash were offset by cash generated from changes in other operating assets and liabilities, primarily composed of a 38.5 million change in accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other current liabilities, a 19.3 million change in inventories not related to the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ), and a 18.9 million increase in interest payable. The overall decrease in cash from changes in operating assets and liabilities was partially offset by an increase in cash from net loss adjusted for non-cash items of 21.3 million. Additionally, 102.3 million of cash received as payment for approximately 450,000 MT of wood pellets sold and delivered in the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ) is included in cash provided by financing activities. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 222.8 million and 332.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 109.5 million decrease in cash used in investing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 was primarily due to the timing of capital expenditures at the Lucedale plant, Pascagoula terminal, construction at the Epes plant, and on various expansion projects. 
 Cash Provided by Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities was 544.2 million and 249.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 294.4 million increase in net cash provided by financing activities in 2022, as compared to 2021, was primarily attributable to a decrease in cash used to acquire a noncontrolling interest of 153.3 million, an increase in proceeds from the issuance of common shares or units of 118.2 million, an increase in proceeds from the sale of approximately 450,000 MT of wood pellets sold and delivered in the fourth quarter of 2022 in connection with the Deferred Gross Margin Transactions (see above, Contracts as a Financing Arrangement Deferred Gross Margin Transactions ) of 102.3 million, a 12.8 million capital contribution in the NMTC financing transaction, partially offset by a decrease of 13.1 million in proceeds from debt issuance net of repayment of debt, an increase in cash dividends or distributions and equivalent rights of 95.1 million, a 5.9 million increase of tax withholding payments associated with the settlement of restricted stock unit awards that vested pursuant to our LTIP, and a 2.5 million increase in debt issuance costs. 
 
 Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off balance sheet arrangements, as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S K, such as the use of unconsolidated subsidiaries, structured finance, special purpose entities or a variable interest in unconsolidated entities. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices. Historically, our risks have been predominantly related to potential changes in the fair value of our long-term debt due to fluctuations in applicable market interest rates. Our market risk exposure is expected to be limited to risks that arise in the normal course of business, as we do not engage in speculative, non operating transactions, nor do we use financial instruments or derivative instruments for trading purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total debt had a carrying and fair value of 1.6 billion and 1.5 billion, respectively. 
 We are exposed to fluctuations in interest rates on borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. Borrowings under the senior secured credit facility bear interest, at our option, at either a base rate plus an applicable margin or at a Term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin. 
 We enter into derivative instruments to manage cash flow. We do not enter into derivative instruments for speculative or trading purposes. We may seek to mitigate a portion of our interest rate risk through interest rate swaps. As of December 31, 2022, we had no interest rate swaps outstanding. Previously, we entered into pay-fixed, receive-variable interest rate swaps that expired in September 2021 and October 2021 to hedge interest rate risk associated with variable rate borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. The interest rate swaps are not designated and accounted for as cash flow hedges. The counterparty to our interest rate swap agreements are major financial institutions. 
 There can be no assurance that our interest rate risk-management practices, if any, will eliminate or substantially reduce risks associated with fluctuating interest rates. For more information, please read Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Our exposure to risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, as well as the hedging arrangements we may enter into to mitigate those risks, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations . 
 Credit Risk 
 Substantially all of our revenue was from long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with seven customers for the year ended December 31, 2022 and five customers for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020. During the year ended December 31, 2022, most of our customers were major power generators in Europe. This concentration of counterparties operating in a single industry and geographic area results in an exposure to credit risk, in that the counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, political, regulatory or other conditions. If a customer defaults or if any of our contracts expire in accordance with their terms, and we are unable to renew or replace these contracts, our gross margin and cash flows, as well as our ability to make cash dividends to our stockholders, may be adversely affected. Although we have entered into hedging arrangements in order to minimize our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates, our derivatives also expose us to credit risk to the extent that counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of our hedging agreements. For more information, please read Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Our exposure to risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, as well as the hedging arrangements we may enter into to mitigate those risks, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and We expect to derive substantially all of our revenues from six customers in 2023, four of which are located in Europe. If we fail to continue to diversify our customer base, our results of operations, business and financial position and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders could be materially adversely affected. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 We primarily are exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates related to contracts pursuant to which deliveries of wood pellets will be settled in foreign currency. We have entered into forward contracts and purchased options to hedge a portion of our forecasted revenue for these customer contracts. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had notional amounts of 15.3 million British Pound Sterling GBP and 2.3 million Euro EUR under foreign currency forward contracts that expire between 2023 and 2024. 
 Historically, we designated and accounted for forward contracts and purchased options as cash flow hedges of anticipated foreign currency denominated revenue and, therefore, the effective portion of the changes in fair value on these instruments was recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income in equity and was reclassified to revenue in the consolidated statements of operations in the same period in which the underlying revenue transactions occurred. During the third quarter of 2018, we elected to discontinue hedge accounting for all designated foreign currency cash flow hedges and, as a result, we had no unrealized loss (gain) associated with foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency purchased 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 options in accumulated other comprehensive income. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, no unrealized amounts associated with foreign currency forward contracts and foreign currency purchased options were included in other comprehensive income. 
 We do not utilize foreign exchange contracts for speculative or trading purposes. The counterparties to our foreign exchange contracts are major financial institutions. There can be no assurance that our hedging arrangements or other foreign exchange rate risk-management practices, if any, will eliminate or substantially reduce risks associated with our exposure to fluctuating foreign exchange rates. For more information, please read Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors Our exposure to risks associated with foreign currency and interest rate fluctuations, as well as the hedging arrangements we may enter into to mitigate those risks, could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations . 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 48 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 50 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 51 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 52 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (continued) 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Enviva Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Enviva Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated March 1, 2023 expressed an adverse opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 

Description of the Matter 
 Completeness of Revenue from Off-Take Contracts 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company earns revenue through off-take contracts that are primarily long-term take-or-pay contracts that include a defined volume of wood pellets that the customer is required to purchase on an annual basis as well as through shorter-term contracts, which may only include one specific shipment. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when control transfers to the customer at the time of loading wood pellets onto a ship. 
 
 Auditing the measurement of revenue at year-end required especially challenging auditor judgment and more extensive audit procedures, including the use of specialists, due to the complexity of determining the quantity of wood pellets transferred to the customer at the end of the year. 

48 

Table of Contents 

 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over revenue cut-off for off-take contracts. For example, we tested controls over management s review of third-party survey results and inventory cutoff at year-end. Our audit procedures included, among others, evaluating the work of management s third-party specialist to survey all partially loaded ships at year end to assist in determining the amount of pellets transferred to customers at the end of year. We also performed observations of finished goods held by the Company at or near year-end, and tested management s roll-forward of pellets to year-end. We also made inquiries of employees outside of the accounting department to corroborate the completeness of the vessels being loaded at year-end and inspected a sample of shipping and receiving documentation to test that pellets shipped near year-end were recognized in the appropriate period based on the date of shipment. Description of the Matter Recoverability Assessment for Customer Assets 
 
 As discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has recognized customer assets of 140.8 million related to payments made, or payable, to certain customers to modify the terms of long-term take-or-pay contracts to cancel, reschedule and/or re-price volumes. The Company amortizes these customer assets as a reduction to transaction price as control of the related pellets under the contract are transferred to the customer. The Company tests these assets for recoverability by comparing the amount of consideration expected to be received in the future from the modified take-or-pay contract to the estimated future costs that relate directly to providing the remaining volume of pellets under the contract. 
 
 Auditing management s assessment of the recoverability of the customer assets involved a high degree of subjective auditor judgment due to the estimation uncertainty in determining the expected future cost of producing and delivering the remaining pellets under the respective long-term take-or-pay contracts. Significant assumptions used in the Company s recoverability test included estimates of commodity prices, supply sources, and shipping and distribution costs. Auditing of these assets was also especially challenging due to the material weakness identified by the Company over the recoverability assessment of these assets. The material weakness required an increased extent of audit effort to test the reasonableness of the assumptions used in the recoverability assessment. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit To test the customer asset recoverability assessment, we performed audit procedures that included, among others, assessing the methodologies and testing the significant assumptions, including the estimates of commodity prices, supply sources, and shipping and distribution costs, used by the Company in its analysis. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current and historical shipping and distribution costs, sources of supply, and forward commodity pricing. We also performed sensitivity analyses to determine if changes in the significant assumptions would impact management s conclusions on the recoverability of the customer assets. Because of the material weakness, we performed incremental audit procedures, for instance, by increasing our sample size related to customer asset and performing additional sensitivity analysis. 

/s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 March 1, 2023 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except par value and number of shares) 
 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable Other accounts receivable Inventories Short-term customer assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Long-term restricted cash Long-term customer assets Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued and other current liabilities Customer liabilities Current portion of interest payable Current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations Deferred revenue Financial liability pursuant to repurchase accounting Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance lease obligations Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred tax liabilities, net Long-term deferred revenue Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Enviva Inc. s equity Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share or per unit amounts) 

2022 2021 2020 Product sales Other revenue Net revenue Operating costs and expenses: Cost of goods sold, excluding items below Loss on disposal of assets Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Executive separation Depreciation and amortization Total operating costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) Early retirement of debt obligation ) Other income, net Total other expense, net ) ) ) Net loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Net loss ) ) ) Less net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) Net loss per Enviva Inc. common share or unit: (1) 
 Basic and diluted ) ) ) Weighted-average number of common shares or units outstanding: Basic and diluted 
 (1) Effective December 31, 2021, common units were converted into common shares due to the conversion from a partnership to a corporation. 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax of 0: 
 Currency translation adjustment ) Reclassification of net gains on cash flow hedges realized into net loss ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) ) Less comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to Enviva Inc. ) ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 (In thousands) 

Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Equity Attributable to Enviva Inc. Noncontrolling 
 Interests 
 Total Equity Shares Amount Equity, December 31, 2021 ) Dividends declared ) ) ) Issuance of common shares, net Common shares issued in lieu of dividends Payments for withholding tax and number of shares issued associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs Support Payments Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Equity, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 Previous Units Existing until the Recapitalization of Enviva Inc. (1) 
 Current Units Created by the Recapitalization (1) 
 Equity Attributable to Enviva Inc. Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Series A Series B Series C Series D Series E Series A Series B (2) 
 Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Equity, December 31, 2019 ) ) Acquisition of noncontrolling interest in Greenwood ) ) ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income prior to recapitalization Net loss prior to recapitalization ) ) ) ) ) Recapitalization of Enviva Inc. ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of Enviva Partners, LP common units, net Cash distributions ) ) Enviva Partners, LP unit-based compensation Enviva Inc. unit-based compensation Contributed capital Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) ) ) Equity, December 31, 2020 ) ) 
 (1) See Note 15, Equity 
 (2) Series B Units not in thousands Series A Series B (1) 
 Common Units Common Shares Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Equity Attributable to Enviva Inc. Noncontrolling 
 Interests 
 Total Equity Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Shares Amount Equity, December 31, 2020 784,980 (92,703) 2,500 13,865 (78,838) 488,498 409,660 Acquisition of noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Issuance of Enviva Partners, LP common units prior to the Simplification Transaction, net Cash distributions prior to the Simplification Transaction ) ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs prior to the Simplification Transaction Contribution of assets Other comprehensive income prior to the Simplification Transaction Net loss prior to the Simplification Transaction ) ) ) ) Simplification Transaction ) ) ) ) Distributions after the Simplification Transaction ) ) ) Common units issued in lieu of distributions Non-cash equity-based compensation and other costs after the Simplification Transaction Support Payments Other comprehensive income after the Simplification Transaction Net loss after the Simplification Transaction ) ) ) C-Corporation Conversion ) ) Equity, December 31, 2021 61 ) 
 (1) Series B Units not in thousands 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 

 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Interest expense pursuant to repurchase accounting Amortization of debt issuance costs, debt premium, and original issue discounts Early retirement of debt obligation Loss on disposal of assets Deferred taxes ) Non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense Fair value changes in derivatives Unrealized (gain) loss on foreign currency transactions, net ) Change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets ) ) Inventories ) ) Finished goods subject to repurchase accounting ) Derivatives ) ) ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and other current liabilities Related-party payables ) Deferred revenue ) ) Accrued interest ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property, plant, and equipment ) ) ) Payments in relation to the Georgia Biomass Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Payment for acquisition of a business ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from senior secured credit facility Principal payments on senior secured credit facility ) ) ) Principal payments on Green Term Loan ) Proceeds from debt issuance Support payments received Proceeds from sale of finished goods subject to repurchase accounting Proceeds from capital contribution of New Market Tax Credit financing Principal payments on other long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) ) Cash paid related to debt issuance costs and deferred offering costs ) ) ) Proceeds from issuance of Enviva Inc. common shares, net Payments for acquisition of noncontrolling interests ) ) Principal payments on related-party note payable ) Proceeds from related-party note payable Contributed capital to common control entities acquired Cash dividends or distributions and equivalent rights ) ) ) Payment for withholding tax associated with Long-Term Incentive Plan vesting ) ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 

2022 2021 2020 Non-cash investing and financing activities: Property, plant, and equipment acquired included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Supplemental information: Interest paid, net of capitalized interest 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (1) 
 industrial-scale wood pellet production plants located in the Southeastern United States. In addition to the volumes from our plants, we also procure wood pellets from third parties. Wood pellets are exported from our wholly owned deep-water marine terminal at the Port of Chesapeake, Virginia, terminal assets at the Port of Wilmington, North Carolina, and at the Port of Pascagoula, Mississippi, and from third-party deep-water marine terminals in Mobile, Alabama, Panama City, Florida, and Savannah, Georgia under a short-term contract, a long-term contract, and a lease and associated terminal services agreement, respectively. 
 Basis of Presentation 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 
 Reclassification 
 
 Corporate Conversion 
 As a result of the Conversion, periods prior to December 31, 2021 reflect Enviva as a limited partnership, not a corporation. References to common units for periods prior to the Conversion refer to common units of Enviva Partners, LP, and references to common stock for periods following the Conversion refer to shares of common stock of Enviva Inc. The primary financial impacts of the Conversion to the consolidated financial statements were (i) reclassification of partnership capital accounts to equity accounts reflective of a corporation and (ii) income tax effects. 
 On the date of the Conversion, each common unit representing a limited partner interest in the Partnership issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Conversion was exchanged for one share of common stock of the Company, par value per share. 
 Simplification Transaction 
 On October 14, 2021, the Partnership acquired our former sponsor and the former GP, and the incentive distribution rights held by our former sponsor were cancelled and eliminated (collectively, the Simplification Transaction in exchange for million common units, which were distributed to the owners of our former sponsor. The owners of our former sponsor agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from million of the 16.0 million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction during the period beginning with dividends paid for the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (2) 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Noncontrolling interest balances are presented as a component of equity in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. See Note 15, Equity. 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had amounts in allowance for credit losses given the lack of historical credit losses and no current expectations of credit losses. 
 Inventories 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 59 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

Cost of Goods Sold 
 
 Accrued and Other Current Liabilities 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 
 Property, Plant, and Equipment 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 to years 
 Buildings to years 
 Machinery and equipment to years 
 Vehicles to years 
 Furniture and office equipment to years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of estimated useful life or lease term, generally years 
 
 Costs and accumulated depreciation applicable to assets retired or sold are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is included in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 There were no such indicators that would require impairment testing to be performed during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Leases 
 Debt Issuance Costs and Original Issue Discounts and Premiums 
 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

Goodwill 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we performed a quantitative assessment using the market approach and determined the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. There have been impairments to the carrying value of our goodwill during the periods presented. See Note 10, Goodwill. 
 Non-Cash Equity-Based Compensation and Other Expense 
 See Note 16, Equity-Based Awards . 
 Commitments and Contingencies 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 Income taxes 
 Effective December 31, 2021, Enviva Partners, LP converted from a Delaware limited partnership to a Delaware corporation named Enviva Inc. (the Conversion ). 
 Government Grants 
 We receive and then earn government grants based on the expected economic development and other benefits that communities expect to receive as a result of us constructing and operating a plant and/or port and/or employing at least a specific number of people at specified levels of compensation. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

Net Loss per Enviva Inc. Common Share 
 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Standards 
 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards not yet Adopted 
 Currently, there are no recently issued accounting standards not yet adopted by us that we expect to be reasonably likely to materially impact our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 (3) 
 billion. This amount excludes forward prices related to variable consideration including inflation, foreign currency and commodity prices. Also, this amount excludes the effects of the related foreign currency derivative contracts as they do not represent contracts with customers. We expect to recognize approximately of our remaining performance obligations as revenue in each of the years ending 2023 and 2024 and the balance thereafter. Our off-take contracts expire at various times through 2045 and our terminal services contract expires in 2023. 
 Variable Consideration 
 Variable consideration from off-take contracts arises from several pricing features in our off-take contracts, pursuant to which such contract pricing may be adjusted in respect of particular shipments to reflect differences between certain contractual quality specifications of the wood pellets as measured both when the wood pellets are loaded onto ships and unloaded at the discharge port as well as certain other contractual adjustments. 
 Variable consideration from our terminal services contract arises from price increases based on agreed inflation indices and from above-minimum throughput quantities or services. There was no variable consideration from our terminal services contract for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2020, variable consideration from our terminal service contract was insignificant. 
 For each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized million of product sales revenue, related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. For the year ended December 31, 2020, we recognized million of product sales revenue, related to performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. 
 Contract Balances, Customer Assets, and Repurchase Accounting 
 Accounts receivable related to product sales as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. Of these amounts, million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively, related to amounts that were not yet billable under our contracts with customers pending finalization of prerequisite billing documentation. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, related to distribution costs recoverable from the customer through the cost pass-through mechanism where the costs and their recovery are included in cost of goods sold. 
 During the year, and predominantly during the three months ended December 31, 2022, we agreed to pay million to certain customers with whom we have long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts. The projected product sales to these customers and the weighted-average remaining term under these customers contracts are billion and years, respectively. These customers agreed to reschedule and/or re-price our take-or-pay contracts. The payments and resulting changes to the take-or-pay contracts were treated as the termination of the original take-or-pay agreement and the creation of a new agreement under the modification rules of Accounting Standard Codification Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . The amount we agreed to pay to those certain customers was recognized as a customer asset that will be amortized as a reduction to product sales revenue as remaining volumes are delivered under those long-term contracts, which is currently estimated to be until 2036. The asset has been tested for recoverability and is classified as short-term to the extent it is expected to be amortized during 2023 with the remainder classified as long-term. Our recoverability tests of these assets involve a comparison of the contract price we expect to receive under the related take-or-pay agreement, reduced by the amortization of the contract asset, as compared to our expected costs to produce, procure, and deliver the volumes specified in the contract. The expected costs of producing volumes in the future require estimates, including estimates of manufacturing throughput volumes and future energy, fiber, and overhead costs. The expected costs of producing volumes in the future require estimates, including estimates of commodity prices, supply sources, shipping and distribution costs, manufacturing throughput volumes and overhead costs. Actual results could be different than these estimates, or our estimates could change in the future based upon new facts and circumstances and could result in these assets no longer being recoverable. 
 As of December 31, 2022, million to be paid during 2023 is included in customer liabilities and the million to be paid after 2023 is included in other long-term liabilities which represent our unconditional obligation to make future payments under the terms of our modified agreements. 
 During the three months ended December 31, 2022, we entered into various agreements to sell and purchase wood pellets with the same customer between the fourth quarter of 2022 and 2025 at a fixed price per metric ton. Under these agreements, the quantities we agreed to purchase exceeded the quantities we agreed to sell. Under the revenue accounting standard, the sale and purchase agreements were combined because the agreements were entered into at or near the same time with the same customer and were negotiated as a package with a single commercial objective. We accounted for the combined contract as a modification of the existing enforceable rights and obligations of our long-term, take-or-pay off-take contracts with the same customer. The contact modification was considered to be the termination of the existing contract and the creation of a new contract. We allocated the total remaining transaction price (which includes any additional transaction price from the modification) to the remaining quantities to be transferred under the modified contract. We recorded million of deferred revenue for consideration received from the customer during the three months ended December 31, 2022 in excess of the amounts allocated to the wood pellets transferred to that customer under the modified contract. This deferred revenue is currently estimated to be recognized in revenue primarily in 2024 but also in 2025 and 2026. 
 The agreements to purchase wood pellets from that same customer commencing in 2023 were accounted for by applying the repurchase agreement requirements in the revenue standard. Further, because the purchase prices exceed the original selling prices of the pellets under the modified contract, the wood pellets subject to repurchase are accounted for as a financing arrangement. As a result, we initially recognized a financial liability of million that was equal to the selling prices of the wood pellets under the modified contract, which was classified as a current liability as the repurchases corresponding to the volumes delivered are expected to all occur in 2023. During the period between when volumes are delivered to this customer and when corresponding volumes are purchased from this customer, the difference between the selling price of the wood pellets under the modified contract and the contractual purchase price will be recognized as interest expense with a corresponding increase to the financial liability. As a result, we recognized million of interest expense as an increase to the financial liability, which had a total balance of million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Under repurchase accounting as a financing arrangement, we continued to recognize the volumes delivered as finished goods inventory at carrying value of million, which include all costs directly incurred in bringing those delivered volumes 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

(4) 
 million of wood pellets under long-term contracts with third parties. Our three largest suppliers of wood pellets purchased represented , , and of these purchases. 
 Our product sales are primarily to industrial customers located in the U.K., Denmark, Japan, and the Netherlands. or a greater share of consolidated product sales for each of the years ended December 31 are as follows: 
 Customer B Customer C Customer D Customer E Customer F 
 
 (5) 
 Consumable tooling Finished goods on hand Finished goods subject to repurchase accounting Total inventories 
 Due to a change in estimate about the likelihood and extent of their use, we recorded a reduction in the cost of raw materials inventories to net realizable value of million for year ended December 31, 2022. We recorded no reductions from the cost to net realizable value for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (6) 
 Land improvements Buildings Machinery and equipment Vehicles Furniture and office equipment Leasehold improvements Property, plant, and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant, and equipment, net Construction in progress Total property, plant, and equipment, net 
 Depreciation expense 
 We recorded loss on disposal of assets of million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, in the ordinary course of operating our fixed assets. 
 
 (7) 
 Current portion of operating lease liabilities 9,525 8,187 Long-term operating lease liabilities 115,294 122,252 Total operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Property, plant, and equipment, net 27,881 25,052 Current portion of long-term finance lease obligations 9,376 8,074 Long-term finance lease obligations 12,747 10,358 Total finance lease liabilities 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Variable lease cost Cost of goods sold Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Short-term lease cost Cost of goods sold Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Total operating lease costs Finance lease cost: Amortization of leased assets Depreciation and amortization Variable lease cost Cost of goods sold Selling, general, administrative, and development expenses Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Total finance lease costs, net Total lease costs 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 As of December 31, 2022, 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) ) Total present value of lease liabilities 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 (8) 
 
 Other long-term assets Accrued and other current liabilities ) ) Other long-term liabilities ) ) ) ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 ) Product sales Foreign currency derivatives Realized ) Cost of goods sold Bunker fuel swap Realized Interest expense Interest rate swap Unrealized ) 
 We enter into master netting arrangements designed to permit net settlement of derivative transactions among the respective counterparties. If we had settled all transactions with our respective counterparties at December 31, 2022, we would have received a net settlement termination payment of million, which differs insignificantly from the recorded fair value of the derivatives. We present our derivative assets and liabilities at their gross fair values. 
 Foreign exchange purchased option contracts in GBP Foreign exchange forward contracts in EUR 
 
 (9) 
 Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds New Markets Tax Credit loans Seller Note Other long-term debt Total long-term debt 
 
 (10) 
 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Goodwill includes million recorded from an acquisition in 2021, million recorded associated with the Georgia Biomass Acquisition in 2020, million 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million from acquisitions in 2010. We did record any impairment losses during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, or 2020. 
 
 (11) 
 Accrued expenses - wood pellet purchases and distribution costs Accrued expenses - operating costs and expenses Accrued capital expenditures Other accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued and other current liabilities 
 
 (12) 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Senior secured credit facility Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance of million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, net of debt issuance of million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 New Markets Tax Credit, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance of million and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Seller Note, net of unamortized discount of thousand and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Other loans Finance leases Total long-term debt and finance lease obligations Less current portion of long-term debt and finance lease obligations ) ) Long-term debt and finance lease obligations, excluding current installments 
 2026 Notes 
 In December 2019, we issued million in principal amount of senior unsecured notes due January 15, 2026 (the 2026 Notes ). In July 2020, we issued an additional million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes. 
 Interest payments are due semi-annually in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year. 
 We may redeem all or a portion of the 2026 Notes at any time at the applicable redemption price, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, (subject to the right of holders of record on the relevant record date to receive interest due on an interest payment date that is on or prior to the redemption date) and, in some cases, plus a make-whole premium. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with the covenants and restrictions associated with, and no events of default existed under, the indenture governing the 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes are guaranteed jointly and severally on a senior unsecured basis by most of our existing subsidiaries and may be guaranteed by certain future restricted subsidiaries. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million and million, respectively, in outstanding revolver borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. 
 Borrowings under the revolving credit facility bear interest, at our option, at either a Term SOFR rate or at a base rate, in each case, plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin will fluctuate between per annum and per annum, in the case of Term SOFR rate borrowings, or between per annum and per annum, in the case of base rate loans, in each case, based on our Total Leverage Ratio (as defined in our credit agreement) at such time, with basis point increases or decreases for each increase or decrease in our Total Leverage Ratio from :1:00 to :1:00. 
 We are required to pay a commitment fee on the daily unused amount under the revolving credit commitments at a rate between and per annum. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, commitment fees were million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Letters of Credit 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had million and million, respectively, of letters of credit outstanding under our senior secured credit facility. 
 The senior secured credit facility contains certain covenants, restrictions, and events of default. We are required to maintain (1) a maximum Total Leverage Ratio at or below to 1.00 (or to 1.00 during a Material Transaction Period) and (2) a minimum Interest Coverage Ratio (as defined in our credit agreement) of not less than to 1.00. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants and restrictions associated with, and no events of default existed under, our senior secured credit facility. Our obligations under the senior secured credit facility are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and secured by liens on substantially all of our assets; however, the senior secured credit facility is not guaranteed by the Hamlet JV or Enviva Pellets Epes, LLC, or secured by liens on their assets. 
 New Markets Tax Credit NMTC Loans 
 In June 2022, we closed on a qualified NMTC financing transaction. The NMTC program is intended to induce capital investment in qualifying communities by permitting taxpayers to claim credits against their federal income taxes for up to 39 of qualified investments in the equity of community development entities CDEs ). 
 In this transaction, we borrowed million from a bank Bank A then made a million loan to an investment fund, into which another bank Bank B made a capital contribution of million. The investment fund then contributed million to four CDEs, which, in turn, loaned it to us. The 42.0 million accrues interest at a weighted average rate of per annum, of which million matures in its entirety in June 2029, while million could be prepaid starting in 2029 and through 2052. The net proceeds received are generally restricted to funding a portion of the costs of the acquisition, construction, equipping, and financing of our wood pellet production plant to be located in Epes, Alabama (the Epes plant ). 
 By virtue of the capital contribution, Bank B is entitled to substantially all of the tax benefits derived from the NMTC, while we effectively received net loan proceeds equal to the capital contribution of million. This transaction includes a put/call provision whereby we may be obligated or entitled to repurchase the interest of Bank B in the investment fund, which we believe they will exercise in June 2029. The value attributed to the put/call is de minimis. We determined that the investment fund and CDEs constitute variable interest entities where we are the primary beneficiary, and, as a result, we consolidate those entities. The million loan is presented on our consolidated balance sheet within long-term debt and finance lease obligations, while the million contribution is presented within other long-term liabilities and is being accreted to interest expense as we expect the put/call will be exercised for a de minimis value, both net of their proportionate share of direct and incremental transaction costs. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 to 1.00 (or to 1.00 during a Material Transaction Period) and (2) a minimum Interest Coverage Ratio of not less than to 1.00. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants and restrictions associated with, and no events of default existed under, the NMTC loans. 
 Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds 
 In July 2022, The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Alabama (the Epes Issuer issued its Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds (Enviva Inc. Project), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) (the Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds in the aggregate principal amount of million. The proceeds of the offering were loaned to us pursuant to a loan and guaranty agreement by and among us, the Epes Issuer, and certain of our subsidiaries as guarantors. The loan is our senior unsecured obligation and matures in full on July 15, 2052. The loan is subject to mandatory tender for purchase by us in July 2032 at a purchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Epes Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, plus accrued interest. Such prepayment may be required prior to maturity. 
 Borrowings under the loan and guaranty agreement bear interest at a rate equal to . Interest is payable in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on January 15, 2023. Our obligations under the loan and guaranty agreement are guaranteed by most of our existing subsidiaries and may be guaranteed by certain future restricted subsidiaries. We received net proceeds of million after deducting underwriters discount, commissions, and expenses. The net proceeds received are generally restricted to funding a portion of the costs of the acquisition, construction, equipping, and financing of the Epes plant. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with the covenants and restrictions associated with, and no events of default existed under, the loan. 
 Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds 
 In November 2022, the Mississippi Business Finance Corporation (the Bond Issuer issued its Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, (Enviva Inc.), Series 2022 (Green Bonds) (the Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds ), in the aggregate principal amount of million. The proceeds of the offering were loaned to us pursuant to a loan and guaranty agreement by and among us, the Bond Issuer, and certain of our subsidiaries as guarantors. The loan is our senior unsecured obligation and matures in full on July 15, 2047. The loan is subject to mandatory tender for purchase by us in July 2032 at a purchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Bond Tax-Exempt Green Bonds, plus accrued interest. Such prepayment may be required prior to maturity. Borrowings under the loan and guarantee agreement bear interest at a rate equal to . Interest is payable in arrears on January 15 and July 15 of each year, commencing on January 15, 2023. Our obligations under the loan and guarantee agreement are guaranteed by most of our existing subsidiaries and may be guaranteed by certain future restricted subsidiaries. 
 We received net proceeds of million after deducting underwriters discount, commissions, and expenses. The net proceeds are generally restricted to funding a portion of the costs of acquisition, construction, equipping, and financing our wood pellet production plant to be located near Bond, Mississippi, and certain related costs thereto, and to pay costs and expenses of the offering. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants and restrictions associated with, and no events of default existed under the loan. 
 Seller Note 
 We are a party to, and a guarantor of, a promissory note (the Seller Note with a remaining principal balance of million. The Seller Note matures in February 2023 and has an interest rate of per annum. Principal and related interest payments are due annually through February 2022 and quarterly thereafter. 
 Debt Issuance Costs and Premium 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs and premium included in long-term debt as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. Unamortized debt issuance costs associated with the senior secured credit facility included in long-term assets was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Amortization expense 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Debt Maturities 
 Our long-term debt matures through 2052 and our finance lease obligations have maturity dates of between 2023 and 2041. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 and thereafter Long-term debt and finance lease obligations Unamortized premium and debt issuance costs ) Total long-term debt and finance lease obligations 
 
 (13) 
 million and million of monitoring fee expense during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which was included in selling, general, administrative, and development expenses. As of December 31, 2021, we had an insignificant amount payable related to related-party monitoring fee expense included in accrued and other current liabilities. 
 On October 14, 2021, our former sponsor distributed million common units of the Partnership to the Riverstone Funds. As part of the million common units issued in exchange for the Simplification Transaction, million were issued to the Riverstone Funds. The Riverstone Funds have agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from million of the 14.1 million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction for the dividends paid for the period beginning with the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. On the date of the Simplification Transaction, the Riverstone Funds held million common units. Pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan established in connection with the Simplification Transaction, we have issued shares of common stock in lieu of cash dividends of million to the owners of our former sponsor in 2022. 
 In connection with the Simplification Transaction, our existing management fee waivers and other former sponsor support agreements associated with our earlier common control acquisitions were consolidated, fixed, and novated to certain of the former owners of our former sponsor. As a result, under the consolidated support agreement, we will receive quarterly payments in an aggregate amount of million with respect to periods through the fourth quarter of 2023. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we received million and million, respectively, in Support Payments. 
 
 (14) 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million relating to the Conversion with a full valuation allowance, resulting in a net zero deferred tax benefit for the deferred taxes relating to the Conversion.) ) ) Foreign ) Net loss not subject to federal income tax Loss before income tax ) ) ) 
 State Foreign Total current income tax expense Deferred income tax (benefit) expense: Federal ) State ) Foreign ) Total deferred income tax (benefit) expense ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) ) ) Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting from: Partnership earnings not subject to tax Recognition/derecognition of deferred tax ) ) Valuation allowance Share based compensation Tax-exempt interest State taxes, net of federal tax benefit ) Foreign taxes Other ) Total income tax (benefit) expense ) 
 Operating lease liabilities Equity based compensation Property, plant, and equipment Interest expense limitation Contract liability Financial liability subject to repurchase accounting Deferred revenue Other Less: valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Contract asset ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Finished goods subject to repurchase accounting ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) ) 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have federal net operating loss carryforwards of million, out of which million will expire in years 2034 to 2037, if not utilized. We also have state net operating loss carryforwards of million, out of which million will expire in year 2037 and million will expire in year 2042, if not utilized. 
 For calendar year 2022, the only periods subject to examination for U.S. federal and state income tax returns are 2019 through 2021. We believe our income tax filing positions, including our previous status as a pass-through entity, would be 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 reserves for uncertain tax positions or interest and penalties have been recorded during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. 
 Assessing whether deferred tax assets are realizable requires significant judgement. Enviva considers all available positive and negative evidence, including historical operating performance and expectations of future operating performance. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is often dependent upon future taxable income and therefore can be uncertain. To the extent that Enviva believes it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the asset will not be realized, valuation allowances are established against any deferred tax assets, which increases income tax expense in the period when such a determination is made. Enviva assessed the realizability of the deferred tax assets and concluded that a valuation allowance of 227.7 million is deemed appropriate for the portion of the deferred tax assets which were not more likely than not to be realized under relevant accounting standards. 
 The Company conducts its foreign operations through foreign taxable entities and is therefore subject to foreign income taxes. The Company generally has minimal foreign current and deferred income tax expense. 
 
 (15) 
 common shares at a price of per common share for total net proceeds of million, after deducting million of issuance costs. We used the net proceeds of 332.8 million to fund a portion of our capital expenditures related to ongoing development projects, and to repay borrowings under our senior secured credit facility. 
 Conversion 
 As a result of the Conversion, periods prior to December 31, 2021 reflect Enviva as a limited partnership, not a corporation. References to common units for periods prior to the Conversion refer to common units of Enviva Partners, LP, and references to common stock for periods following the Conversion refer to shares of common stock of Enviva Inc. 
 On the date of the Conversion, each common unit representing a limited partner interest in the Partnership issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Conversion was exchanged for one share of common stock of the Company, par value per share. 
 Simplification Transaction 
 On October 14, 2021, the Partnership closed on the Simplification Transaction where (a) the Company acquired (i) all of the limited partner interests in our former sponsor and (ii) all of the limited liability company interests in the former GP, and (b) the incentive distribution rights directly held by our former sponsor were cancelled and eliminated. In exchange, the Partnership issued million common units, which were distributed to the owners of our former sponsor. The owners of our former sponsor agreed to reinvest in our common stock all dividends from million of the million common units issued in connection with the Simplification Transaction during the period beginning with dividends paid for the third quarter of 2021 through the fourth quarter of 2024. Pursuant to the dividend reinvestment plan established in connection with the Simplification Transaction, we have issued shares of common stock in lieu of cash dividends of million to the owners of our former sponsor in 2022. 
 Under a consolidated support agreement, we are entitled to receive quarterly payments (the Support Payments in an aggregate amount of up to million with respect to periods from the fourth quarter of 2021 through the first quarter of 2024. See Note 13, Related-Party Transactions for more information on the Support Payments. See Noncontrolling Interests The Partnership below about the capital of the Partnership. 
 Noncontrolling Interests 
 Noncontrolling interests of partners capital consist of: (1) third-party equity ownership in the Partnership (2) the Hamlet JV and (3) the Development JV. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 of its common units at a price of per common unit for total net proceeds of million, after deducting million of issuance costs. During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Partnership issued million common units in a private placement at a price of per common unit for gross proceeds of million. The Partnership received proceeds of million, net of million of issuance costs. 
 The partnership agreement of the Partnership contained provisions for the allocation of its net income and loss to its limited partners and its general partner. For purposes of maintaining partners capital accounts, items of income and loss were allocated among the limited partners in accordance with their respective percentage ownership interests. Normal allocations according to percentage interests were made after giving effect, if any, to priority income allocations in an amount equal to intercompany IDRs allocated 100 to the Partnership s general partner through December 31, 2020 and MLP Holdco between January 1, 2020 and the date of the Simplification Transaction. 
 The Partnership had distributed a quarterly cash distribution to its unitholders pursuant to a cash distribution policy. The partnership agreement had set forth the calculation to be used to determine the amount of cash distributions that our unitholders and our former sponsor would receive. 
 Hamlet JV 
 The capital of the Hamlet JV is divided into two classifications: (1) Class A Units and (2) Class B Units. 
 Class A Units were issued to the third-party member in exchange for capital contributions. As of December 31, 2022, the third-party member had a total capital commitment of million and held million Class A Units with a remaining capital commitment amount of million. 
 Class B Units were issued to Enviva in exchange for capital contributions. As of December 31, 2022, Enviva had a total capital commitment of million and held million Class B Units with a remaining commitment amount of million. 
 Pursuant to the limited liability company agreement of the Hamlet JV (the Hamlet JV LLCA ), we are the managing member of the Hamlet JV and have the authority to manage the business and affairs of the Hamlet JV and take actions on its behalf, including adopting annual budgets, entering into agreements, effecting asset sales or biomass purchase agreements, making capital calls, incurring debt, and taking other actions, subject to consent of the third-party member in certain circumstances. The Hamlet JV LLCA also sets forth the capital commitments and limitations thereon from each of the members and provides for the allocation of sale proceeds and distributions among the holders of outstanding Class A Units and Class B Units. 
 Distributions to the third-party member and to Enviva are made in our reasonable discretion as managing member and are governed by the waterfall provisions of the Hamlet JV LLCA, which provides that distributions, after repayment of any revolving borrowings existing under the joint venture s revolving credit facility, are to be made as follows: 
 First: To the members in proportion to their relative unreturned capital contributions, then to the members in proportion to their relative unpaid preference amount. 
 Thereafter: to the third-party member and to Enviva. 
 Development JV 
 Our former sponsor held a controlling interest, and a third-party member held a noncontrolling interest, in the Development JV. In February 2021, we purchased all of the third-party member s limited liability company interests in Development JV. We paid a first installment of million in February 2021 and a final installment of million was paid in July 2021. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 September 30, 2021 November 3, 2021 November 15, 2021 November 26, 2021 December 31, 2021 February 2, 2022 February 14, 2022 February 25, 2022 March 31, 2022 May 4, 2022 May 16, 2022 May 27, 2022 June 30, 2022 August 3, 2022 August 15, 2022 August 26, 2022 September 30, 2022 November 2, 2022 November 14, 2022 November 25, 2022 December 31, 2022 February 8, 2023 February 21, 2023 February 24, 2023 (1) 
 
 (16) 
 common shares in accordance with the plan, which became effective on December 31, 2021. If equity awards awarded under the LTIP are forfeited, canceled, exercised, paid in cash, or otherwise terminate or expire without the actual delivery of the underlying common shares, the corresponding number of such common shares will remain available for delivery pursuant to other awards under the LTIP. The common shares issuable pursuant to the LTIP will consist, in whole or in part, of common shares acquired in the open market or from any affiliate or any other person, newly issued common shares, or any combination of the foregoing as determined by our board of directors or a committee thereof. 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, our board of directors granted RSUs in tandem with corresponding DERs to our employees (the Employee Awards and RSUs in tandem with corresponding DERs to independent members of our board of directors (the Director Awards ). The RSUs and corresponding DERs are subject to certain vesting and forfeiture provisions. Award recipients do not have all of the rights of a common shareholder with respect to the RSUs until the RSUs have vested and been settled. Awards of the RSUs settled in common shares are settled within days after the applicable vesting date. If a RSU award recipient experiences a termination of service under certain circumstances set forth in the applicable award agreement, the unvested RSUs and corresponding DERs (in the case of performance-based Employee Awards) are forfeited. Forfeitures are recognized when the actual forfeiture occurs. 
 Restricted Shares 
 Certain employees had received Series B units of our former sponsor that were intended to constitute profits interests as defined by the Internal Revenue Service that, due to the Simplification Transaction, converted into common units of the Partnership. In August 2020, our former sponsor had issued equity-classified awards where it may issue up to Series B units. Our former sponsor had issued 25 initially, or Series B units, and expected to issue an additional 25 on each anniversary over the following three years. These Series B units were measured at the grant date fair value, which was estimated using a probability weighted discounted cash flow approach to be million where we recognized million and million as non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Of the 23.8 million recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021, million was due to the accelerated vesting of all otherwise unvested Series B units as a result of the Simplification Transaction. After the Simplification Transaction, an additional million was recognized as non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense during the year ended December 31, 2021 related to common shares of Enviva Inc. subject to restriction into which the Series B units were converted whose fair value were then measured at 50.5 million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, another million was recognized as expense, of which million was classified as non-cash equity-based compensation and other expense and million was classified as executive separation. The common shares subject to restriction have had or will have their restrictions released as follows: one-third on each of December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024. The unrecognized estimated non- 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 million, which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 
 Employee Awards 
 Granted Forfeitures ) ) ) Vested ) ) ) Nonvested December 31, 2022 
 
 of the grant date and performance-based Employee Awards vest in three or , where the number of shares that vest depend on achievement of specific performance milestones. We account for the delivery of common shares upon the settlement of vested Employee Awards as if such common shares were distributed by us. The fair value of the Employee Awards granted during 2022 and 2021 was million and million , respectively, based on the market price per share on the applicable date of grant. The grant date fair value of performance-based Employee Awards is reported based on the probable outcome of the performance conditions on the grant date. The fair value of the Employee Awards is expensed at the grant date. Compensation expense is based on the grant date fair value. Changes in non-cash equity-based compensation expense due to passage of time, forfeitures, probability of meeting required performance conditions, and final settlements are recorded as adjustments to non-cash equity-based compensation expense and equity. For performance-based Employee Awards, expense is accrued only to the extent that the performance goals are considered to be probable of occurring. 
 We recognize non-cash equity-based compensation expense for the shares awarded in cost of goods sold and selling, general, administrative, and development expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, and 2020 we recognized million and million, and million of cost of goods sold expense, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized million, million and million of selling, general, administrative, and development expenses, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized million as executive separation. 
 We paid million to satisfy the withholding tax requirements associated with time-based Employee Awards and performance-based Employee Awards that vested under the LTIP during the year ended December 31, 2022. We paid million to satisfy the withholding tax requirements associated with time-based Employee Awards and performance-based Employee Awards that vested under the LTIP during the year ended December 31, 2021. We paid million to satisfy the withholding tax requirements associated with time-based Employee Awards and performance-based Employee Awards that vested under the LTIP during the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 The unrecognized estimated non-cash equity-based compensation expense relating to outstanding Employee Awards at December 31, 2022 was million, which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 Granted Vested ) Nonvested December 31, 2022 
 (1) 
 In February 2022, Director Awards were granted valued at million and which vest on the first anniversary of the grant date in February 2023. In January and April 2021, Director Awards valued at million and million were granted, which vested on the first anniversary of the grant dates, in January and April 2022, respectively. In January 2021, the Director Awards that were unvested at December 31, 2020 vested and common shares were issued in respect thereof. 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 we recorded million, million and million of non-cash equity-based compensation expense with respect to the Director Awards. The unrecognized estimated non-cash equity-based compensation cost relating to outstanding Director Awards at December 31, 2022 is million and will be recognized over the remaining vesting period. 
 Dividend Equivalent Rights 
 DERs associated with the Employee Awards and the Director Awards subject to time-based vesting entitle the recipients to receive payments in respect thereof in a per-share amount that is equal to any dividends made by us to the holders of common shares within 60 days following the record date for such dividends. The DERs associated with the Employee Awards subject to performance-based vesting will remain outstanding and unpaid from the grant date until the earlier of the settlement or forfeiture of the related performance-based phantom units. 
 DER dividends paid related to time-based Employee Awards were million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were DER dividends unpaid related to time-based Employee Awards. 
 Other long-term liabilities Total unpaid DERs related to performance-based Employee Awards 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 (17)) Dividend equivalent rights paid on time-based restricted stock units ) Net loss attributable to Enviva Inc. common stockholders ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted Net loss per common share - basic and diluted ) 
 As Holdings is the surviving entity for accounting purposes, the historical financial results prior to the Simplification Transaction are those of Holdings. The number of outstanding units for 2020, and the portion of 2021 prior to the Simplification Transaction constitutes the 16.0 million units issued to the owners of the former sponsor. For the portion of 2021 that is after the Simplification Transaction, the number of outstanding units are based on the actual number of common units of the Company during that period. 
 
 (18) 
 million related to firm commitments under such terminal and stevedoring services agreements. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, terminal and stevedoring services expenses were million, million and million, respectively. 
 We have entered into long-term arrangements to secure transportation from our plants to our export terminals. Under certain of these agreements, which expire between 2023 through 2032, we are committed to various annual minimum volumes under multi-year fixed-cost contracts with third-party logistics providers for trucking and rail transportation, subject to increases in the consumer price index and certain fuel price adjustments. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, ground transportation expenses were million, million and million, respectively. 
 We have entered into long-term supply arrangements, expiring between 2024 through 2026, to secure the supply of wood pellets from third-party vendors. The minimum annual purchase volumes are at a fixed price per MT adjusted for volume, pellet quality and certain shipping-related charges. The supply agreements for the purchase of MT of wood pellets from British Columbia are fully offset by an agreement to sell MT of wood pellets to the same counterparty from our terminal locations, where million remains to be sold as of December 31, 2022. Under long-term supply arrangements, we purchased approximately million, million and million of wood pellets for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (In thousands, except number of shares or units, per share or per unit amounts, and unless otherwise noted) 

 years, charges are based on a fixed-price per MT, and, in some cases, there are adjustment provisions for increases in the price of fuel or for other distribution-related costs. The charge per MT varies depending on the loading and discharge port. Shipping expenses included in cost of goods sold for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. 
 
 (19) 
 million, maturing in June 2027. Borrowing rates are variable and calculated as SOFR plus per annum. We used the proceeds to repay revolver borrowings under our senior secured credit facility and pay fees and expenses. 
 Seller Note 
 The outstanding principal of the Seller Note of million and an insignificant amount of accrued interest were repaid in full at maturity in February 2023. 
 Subscription Agreement 
 On February 28, 2023, we entered into a subscription agreement where investors have agreed to subscribe for and purchase million in shares of preferred stock (or common stock, if the purchase price per share is equal to or greater than the lower of the (1) closing price of the common stock on February 28, 2023 and (2) average closing price of the common stock for the five trading days immediately preceding February 28, 2023). The number of shares will be based on dividing the total purchase price by the closing price of the common stock on March 1, 2023. 
 83 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 84 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15(d)-15(e) under the Exchange Act) was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Due to the material weakness described below, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for us as defined in Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision of, and with the participation of our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework and criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework in 2013, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. We did not design and execute effective internal controls over the evaluation of the recoverability of customer assets recorded during the year ended December 31, 2022. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Although there was no impairment of customer assets, and no misstatement was identified, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting related to evaluation of recoverability of customer assets was ineffective as of December 31, 2022. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which is included in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 
 Remediation Plan to Address Material Weakness 
 We have evaluated the material weakness and begun developing and implementing a plan of remediation to strengthen our internal controls related to the customer assets recoverability testing process. We will continue to review, revise, and improve the effectiveness of our internal controls, including taking the following steps to remediate our material weakness: 
 Enhance the level of precision at which our internal controls over financial reporting relating to customer asset recoverability assessments are performed and 
 Improve our documentation to strengthen the support for the judgments applied in the recoverability analyses 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Control systems, no matter how well conceived and operated, are designed to provide a reasonable, but not an absolute, level of assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in any control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 With the exception of the material weakness described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three months ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 85 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Enviva Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Enviva Inc. and subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, because of the effect of the material weakness described below on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria, Enviva Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) has not maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The following material weakness has been identified and included in management s assessment. Management has identified a material weakness in controls whereby the Company did not design and execute controls to assess the recoverability of recognized customer assets in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles . 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022 consolidated financial statements of the Company. This material weakness was considered in determining the nature, timing and extent of audit tests applied in our audit of the 2022 consolidated financial statements, and this report does not affect our report dated March 1, 2023, which expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ 

March 1, 2023 
 86 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 On February 24, 2023, Enviva Inc. (the Company entered into a Twelfth Amendment to Credit Agreement (the Twelfth Amendment by and among the Company, certain other subsidiaries of the Company, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders and issuing banks party thereto. The Twelfth Amendment, among other things, modifies the definitions of Consolidated Interest Expense and Consolidated EBITDA under the Credit Agreement to exclude the impact of repurchase accounting treatment for certain of the Company s wood pellet purchase or sale agreements. 
 The foregoing description of the Twelfth Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Twelfth Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 87 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in Enviva s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in Enviva s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by Item 12 will be included in Enviva s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in Enviva s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in Enviva s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022, and is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 88 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) Certain documents are filed as a part of this Annual Report and are incorporated by reference and found on the pages below. 
 1. Financial Statements Please read Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Index to Financial Statements. 
 2. Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020. All other schedules have been omitted because they are either not applicable, not required or the information called for therein appears in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits Exhibits required to be filed by Item 601 of Regulation S K set forth below are incorporated herein by reference. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 ENVIVA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 

2021 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 2020 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 90 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, Enviva Holdings LP, EVA Partners Merger Sub, LLC and the other parties named therein (Exhibit 2.1, Form 8-K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Cottondale Acquisition I, LLC, Enviva Partners, LP, Enviva, Inc. Merger Sub, LLC, Riverstone Echo Continuation Holdings, L.P. and Riverstone Echo Rollover Holdings, L.P. (Exhibit 2.2, Form 8-K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed January 3, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 3.2 Bylaws of Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 3.1, Form 8-K filed November 8, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2019, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, Enviva Partners Finance Corp., the subsidiary guarantors party thereto, and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference herein to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2019, File No. 001-37363) 
 4.2 Form of 6.500 2026 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 4.3 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exhibit 4.3, Form 10-K file March 4, 2022, File No. 001- 37363) 
 4.4 Registration Rights Agreement, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, the Holdings Limited Partners party thereto and the other parties ther e t o (Exhibit 4.1, Form 8 K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001 37363) 
 4.5 Stockholders Agreement, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, Riverstone Echo Continuation Holdings, L.P. and Riverstone Echo Rollover Holdings, L.P. (Exhibit 4.2, Form 8 K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001 37363) 
 10.1 Ninth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and among Enviva Inc., Enviva, LP, certain other subsidiaries of Enviva Partners, LP, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders and issuing banks party thereto (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed July 5, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.2 Eleventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 17, 2023, by and among Enviva Inc., Enviva, LP, certain other subsidiaries of Enviva Partners, LP, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders and issuing banks party thereto (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K filed January 20, 2023, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.3 Twelfth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2023, by and among Enviva Inc., Enviva, LP, certain other subsidiaries of Enviva Partners, LP, Barclays Bank PLC as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other lenders and issuing banks party thereto 
 10.4 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2022, by and among The Industrial Development Authority of Sumter County, Enviva Inc. and certain subsidiaries of Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed July 19, 2022, File No. 001-37363 
 10.5 Loan and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2022, by and among the Mississippi Business Finance Corporation, Enviva Inc., and certain subsidiaries of Enviva Inc. (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed November 22, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.6 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and between Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC and Enviva, LP dated April 2, 2019 (Exhibit 10.4, Form 10-Q filed May 9, 2019, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.7 First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement by and between Enviva Wilmington Holdings, LLC and Enviva, LP, dated May 23, 2022 
 10.8 Support Agreement, dated October 14, 2021, by and among Enviva Partners, LP, the persons set forth on Schedule I attached thereto, and the other parties named therein (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed October 15, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.9 Transaction bonus letter by and between Enviva Partners, LP and John K. Keppler, dated June 18, 2020 (Exhibit 10.23, Form 10-K filed February 25, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.10 Transaction bonus letter by and between Enviva Partners, LP and Shai S. Even, dated June 18, 2020 (Exhibit 10.24, Form 10-K filed February 25, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.11 Transaction bonus letter by and between Enviva Partners, LP and Thomas Meth, dated June 18, 2020 (Exhibit 10.25, Form 10-K filed February 25, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.12 Transaction bonus letter by and between Enviva Partners, LP and William H. Schmidt, Jr., dated June 18, 2020 (Exhibit 10.26, Form 10-K filed February 25, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.13 Employment Agreement, dated as of July 27, 2021, between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Michael A. Johnson (Exhibit 10.1, Form 8-K filed on August 2, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.14 Fourth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Shai S. Even, dated December 1, 2021 (Exhibit 10.26, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.15 Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Edward Royal Smith, dated December 1, 2021 (Exhibit 10.27, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.16 Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and Thomas Meth, dated November 14, 2022. 
 10.17 Separation Agreement by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and John K. Keppler, dated November 14, 2022 
 10.18 Consulting Agreement by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC and John K. Keppler, dated November 15, 2022 
 
 91 

Exhibit Number Exhibit 10.19 Enviva Inc. Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (Exhibit 10.2, Form 8-K, filed December 31, 2021, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.20 Enviva Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan, effective as of December 31, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report filed on Form 8-K, File No. 001-37363, filed with the Commission on January 3, 2022) 
 10.21 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement (Employee) (Exhibit 10.33, Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.22 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement (Director) (Exhibit 10.3 4 , Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.23 Form of Stock Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement (Exhibit 10.3 5 , Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.24 Form of Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notice and Award Agreement (Exhibit 10.3 6 , Form 10-K filed March 4, 2022, File No. 001-37363) 
 10.25 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Exhibit 10.3, Form 8-K, File No. 001-37363) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Enviva Inc. 
 23.1 Consent of Ernst Young LLP relating to the financial statements of Enviva Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10 K) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial information from Enviva Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (vi) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ____________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement 
 92 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 
 ENVIVA INC. Date: March 1, 2023 By: /s/ Thomas Meth Thomas Meth Title: President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 93 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jason E. Paral as his true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place, and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 94 

Name Title Date /s/ THOMAS METH President and Chief Executive Officer March 1, 2023 Thomas Meth (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ SHAI S. EVEN Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer March 1, 2023 Shai S. Even (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ MICHAEL A. JOHNSON Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer March 1, 2023 Michael A. Johnson (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ RALPH ALEXANDER Director March 1, 2023 Ralph Alexander /s/ JOHN C. BUMGARNER, JR Director March 1, 2023 John C. Bumgarner, Jr. /s/ MARTIN N. DAVIDSON Director March 1, 2023 Martin N. Davidson /s/ JIM H. DERRYBERRY Director March 1, 2023 Jim H. Derryberry /s/ GERRIT L. LANSING, JR. Director March 1, 2023 Gerrit L. Lansing, Jr. /s/ PIERRE F. LAPEYRE, JR. Director March 1, 2023 Pierre F. Lapeyre, Jr. /s/ DAVID M. LEUSCHEN Director March 1, 2023 David M. Leuschen /s/ JEFFREY W. UBBEN Director March 1, 2023 Jeffrey W. Ubben /s/ GARY L. WHITLOCK Director March 1, 2023 Gary L. Whitlock /s/ JANET S. WONG Director March 1, 2023 Janet S. Wong /s/ EVA T. ZLOTNICKA Director March 1, 2023 Eva T. Zlotnicka 
 95 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex103-envivaxtwelfthamendm.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.3 

 TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS TWELFTH AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of February 24, 2023 (this Agreement ), by and among the undersigned Lenders, ENVIVA INC., a Delaware corporation (the Administrative Borrower ), ENVIVA, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Subsidiary Borrower and, together with the Administrative Borrower, the Borrowers ), each of the other Guarantors, and BARCLAYS BANK PLC Barclays ), as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, reference is hereby made to the Credit Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2015 (as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time prior to giving effect to this Agreement, the Existing Credit Agreement and the Existing Credit Agreement as amended by this Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrowers, the Lenders and Issuing Banks party thereto from time to time, Barclays, as Administrative Agent and as Collateral Agent, and the other Persons party thereto 
 WHEREAS , in connection with the accounting treatment of certain transactions executed by the Administrative Borrower and its subsidiaries, the Borrowers are requesting that certain financial definitions in the Existing Credit Agreement be revised to clarify the treatment of certain Wood Pellet purchase and sale transactions 
 WHEREAS , each of the parties hereto has agreed to amend the Existing Credit Agreement in the manner set forth in Section 2 hereof, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 WHEREAS , each Loan Party party hereto expects to realize substantial direct and indirect benefits as a result of this Agreement becoming effective and agrees to reaffirm its obligations pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement, the Security Documents and the other Loan Documents to which it is a party. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 1. Defined Terms Interpretation Etc. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Amended Credit Agreement. The rules of construction specified in Sections 1.02 of the Amended Credit Agreement also apply to this Agreement, mutatis mutandis , as if fully set forth herein. 
 2. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Each of the parties hereto agrees that, on and as of the Twelfth Amendment Effective Date and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended as follows 
 (a) The definition of Consolidated Interest Expense appearing in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows 
 Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for any period, the sum of (a) the interest expense (including imputed interest expense in respect of Capital Lease Obligations and Synthetic Lease Obligations) of the Administrative Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, net of interest income of the Administrative Borrower and the Restricted Subsidiaries for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, plus (b) any interest accrued 
 1 

during such period in respect of Indebtedness of the Administrative Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary that is required to be capitalized rather than included in consolidated interest expense for such period in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of the foregoing, interest expense shall be determined after giving effect to any net payments made or received by the Administrative Borrower or any Restricted Subsidiary with respect to interest rate Hedging Agreements. For purposes of determining the Interest Coverage Ratio (x) Consolidated Interest Expense shall not include (i) amortization of original issue discount to the extent accrued but not paid, (ii) interest that is capitalized or paid in kind, (iii) the cost of the issuance of Indebtedness and (iv) repurchase or similar obligations resulting from the purchase or sale of Wood Pellets in the ordinary course of business to the extent such obligations are deemed to constitute interest expense solely as a result of such obligations being recharacterized as being part of a financing transaction through application of Repurchase Accounting Provisions and (y) Consolidated Interest Expense shall be calculated as if all Indebtedness incurred or permanently repaid (excluding normal fluctuations in revolving Indebtedness incurred for working capital purposes) from the first day of the Applicable Period through and including the date of such determination shall be deemed to have been incurred or repaid at the beginning of such period. 
 (b) Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended to add the following definition in correct alphabetical order 
 Repurchase Accounting Provisions shall mean ASC 606, including but not limited to 606-10-25-26 and 606-10-55-66 through 606-10-55-75. 
 (c) The definition of Consolidated EBITDA appearing in Section 1.01 of the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended by 
 i. amending and restating clause (x)(e) of such definition in its entirety to read as follows 
 (e) the amount of any net decrease to Consolidated EBITDA for such period resulting (whether through impact on the calculation of Consolidated Net Income (or any component thereof), through impact on the other adjustments to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this definition or otherwise) from the purchase or sale of Wood Pellets in the ordinary course of business being recharacterized as being part of a financing transaction through application of Repurchase Accounting Provisions, plus 
 ii. amending and restating clause (y) of such definition in its entirety to read as follows 
 (y) the sum of the following, without duplication, (and other than in the case of clause (d)) to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income 
 iii. amending clause (y)(b) of such definition to delete the word and at the end thereof 
 iv. amending clause (y)(c) of such definition to delete the period at the end of such clause and add and in lieu thereof and 
 2 

v.amending clause (y) of such definition to add the following new clause (d) at the end thereof 
 the amount of any net increase to Consolidated EBITDA for such period resulting (whether through impact on the calculation of Consolidated Net Income (or any component thereof), through impact on the other adjustments to Consolidated EBITDA pursuant to this definition or otherwise) from the purchase or sale of Wood Pellets in the ordinary course of business being recharacterized as being part of a financing transaction through application of Repurchase Accounting Provisions. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . By its execution of this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby represents and warrants that, as of the date hereof 
 (a) such Loan Party (i) has the organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms of this Agreement, (ii) has taken all necessary organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and (iii) has duly executed and delivered this Agreement 
 (b) this Agreement and the Amended Credit Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of such Loan Party enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or other similar laws affecting creditors rights generally, and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law 
 (c) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party set forth in Article III of the Amended Credit Agreement and in each other Loan Document are true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date hereof with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations were true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date provided that, solely for purposes of this Section 3(c) and not for any other purpose, the reference in Section 3.15(a) of the Amended Credit Agreement to the Fourth Amendment Effective Date shall instead be deemed to refer to the Twelfth Amendment Effective Date and 
 (d) immediately before and after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 4. Conditions Precedent to Effectiveness . The effectiveness of the amendments specified in Section 2 hereof are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions (the date of satisfaction of such conditions being referred to herein as the Twelfth Amendment Effective Date 
 
 (a) Execution of this Agreement . The Administrative Agent shall have received duly executed counterparts of this Agreement from the Administrative Agent, the Required Lenders, each Revolving Credit Lender and the Loan Parties. 
 (b) Payment of Fees and Expenses . The Borrowers shall have paid (or caused to be paid), to the extent invoiced at least one (1) Business Day prior to the Twelfth 
 3 

Amendment Effective Date, all costs, fees and expenses of Barclays (including, without limitation, legal fees and expenses) required to be paid by the Borrowers. 
 (c) Representations and Warranties . The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3 hereof shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the Twelfth Amendment Effective Date with the same effect as though made on and as of such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations shall be true and correct in all material respects (other than representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, which shall be true and correct in all respects) as of such earlier date. 
 (d) No Default or Event of Default . As of the Twelfth Amendment Effective Date, immediately before and after giving effect to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 
 5. Reaffirmations . 
 (a) Each Loan Party, subject to the terms and limits contained in the Amended Credit Agreement and in the Security Documents, reaffirms its guaranty of the Obligations (including all such Obligations as amended, reaffirmed and or increased pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement) pursuant to the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and other Security Documents. Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed the terms and provisions of this Agreement and consents to the amendment of the Existing Credit Agreement effected pursuant to this Agreement. Each Loan Party hereby confirms that each Loan Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound will continue to be in full force and effect as amended by this Agreement and that its obligations thereunder shall not be impaired or limited by the execution or effectiveness of this Agreement. 
 (b) Each Loan Party hereby (i) confirms that each Loan Document to which it is a party or is otherwise bound and all Collateral encumbered thereby will continue to secure to the fullest extent possible in accordance with the Loan Documents the payment and performance of the Obligations, (ii) confirms its respective grant to the Collateral Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties of the security interest in and continuing Lien on all of such Loan Party s right, title and interest in, to and under all Collateral, in each case whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or arising and wherever located, as collateral security for the prompt and complete payment and performance in full when due, whether at stated maturity, by required prepayment, declaration, acceleration, demand or otherwise, of all applicable Obligations (including all such Obligations as amended, reaffirmed and or increased pursuant to the Amended Credit Agreement), subject to the terms contained in the applicable Loan Documents and (iii) confirms its other pledges, other grants of security interests and other obligations, as applicable, under and subject to the terms of each Loan Document to which it is a party. 
 6. Amendment, Modification and Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended, modified or waived except in accordance with Section 9.08 of the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 7. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof and supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties or any of them with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
 4 

8. Effect of the Amendment . On and after the Twelfth Amendment Effective Date, (i) each reference to the Credit Agreement in any Loan Document shall be deemed to be a reference to the Amended Credit Agreement, (ii) the terms Agreement , this Agreement , herein , hereinafter , hereto , hereof , and words of similar import, as used in the Amended Credit Agreement, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Amended Credit Agreement and (iii) this Agreement shall constitute a Loan Document for all purposes of the Amended Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, all Loan Documents shall continue to be in full force and effect and are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed. The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or the Administrative Agent under any of the Loan Documents, nor constitute a waiver of any provision of the Loan Documents. Each of the parties hereto acknowledges and agrees that the terms of this Agreement do not constitute a novation but, rather, an amendment of the terms of the Existing Credit Agreement. 
 9. GOVERNING LAW. THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES THAT WOULD RESULT IN THE APPLICATION OF ANY LAW OTHER THAN THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 10. Miscellaneous . The provisions of Sections 9.11 and 9.15 of the Existing Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. 
 11. Severability . In case any provision in or obligation hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions or obligations, or of such provision or obligation in any other jurisdiction, shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. 
 12. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission (e.g., .pdf shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. The words execution, execute , signed, signature, and words of like import in or related to any document to be signed in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby (including without limitation amendments, waivers and consents) shall be deemed to include electronic signatures on electronic platforms approved by the Administrative Agent, or the keeping of records in electronic form, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any applicable law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. Each of the parties represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Agreement through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that party s constitutive documents. 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 
 5 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the undersigned has caused its duly authorized officer to execute and deliver this Agreement as of the date first set forth above. 
 BARCLAYS BANK PLC , as the Administrative Agent and the Collateral Agent 
 By s Kevin Crealese _______________________ Name Kevin Crealese Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

AgFirst Farm Credit Bank , as a Lender 
 By s J. Michael Mancini, Jr. _________________ Name J. Michael Mancini, Jr. Title SVP, Capital Markets 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

AMERICAN AGCREDIT, PCA , as a Lender 
 By s Daniel K. Hansen _____________________ Name Daniel K. Hansen Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

Bank of Montreal, Chicago Branch , as a Lender and an Issuing Bank 
 By s Alex Wu ____________________________ Name Alex Wu Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

SPT INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCE SUB-5, LLC , as a Lender 
 By s Haig Najarian ________________________ Name Haig Najarian Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

BARINGS TARGET YIELD INFRASTRUCTURE DEBT HOLDCO 1 S. R.L. , as a Lender 
 acting by its attorney 
 BARINGS LLC 
 acting by 
 By s James Moore _________________________ Name James Moore Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

CITIBANK, N.A. , as a Lender and an Issuing Bank 
 By s Agha Murtaza ________________________ Name Agha Murtaza Title Director Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

Farm Credit East, ACA , as a Lender 
 By s Eric W Pohlman ______________________ Name Eric W Pohlman Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

FORBRIGHT BANK , as a Lender 
 By s John Gray ___________________________ Name John Gray Title Executive Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

GreenStone Farm Credit Services, FLCA , as a Lender 
 By s Shane Prichard ________________________ Name Shane Prichard Title VP Capital Markets 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

HSBC BANK USA, N.A. , as a Lender 
 By s Chris Burns __________________________ Name Chris Burns Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. , as a Lender 
 By s Michael Mastronikolas _________________ Name Michael Mastronikolas Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

AGWEST FARM CREDIT, PCA , successor in interest to Northwest Farm Credit Services, PCA, as a Lender 
 By s Jeremy A. Roewe _____________________ Name Jeremy A. Roewe Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

ROYAL BANK OF CANADA , as a Lender 
 By s Frank Lambrinos ______________________ Name Frank Lambrinos Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

Goldman Sachs Bank USA , as a Lender and an Issuing Bank 
 By s Keshia Leday _________________________ Name Keshia Leday Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 Signature Page to Twelfth Amendment 

Truist Bank , a Lender 
 By s Bryan Kunitake _______________________ Name Bryan Kunitake Title Director 

ENVIVA INC. 

By s Shai S. Even _________________________ Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 ENVIVA, LP 
 By ENVIVA GP, LLC, as its sole general partner 

By s Shai S. Even _________________________ Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

GUARANTORS 
 
 ENVIVA GP, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 ENVIVA PARTNERS FINANCE CORP. 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA ENERGY SERVICES, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA PELLETS, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA PELLETS WAYCROSS, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA PELLETS GREENWOOD, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA PELLETS LUCEDALE, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

ENVIVA PORT OF PASCAGOULA, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA DEVELOPMENT FINANCE COMPANY, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA HOLDINGS GP, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 ENVIVA HOLDINGS, LP 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA AIRCRAFT HOLDINGS CORP. 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ENVIVA SHIPPING HOLDINGS, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

ENVIVA PELLETS BOND, LLC 
 By s Shai S. Even 
 Name Shai S. Even Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 ex107-20220523envivaxfirst.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.7 
 Execution Version 

 FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 FIRST AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of May 23, 2022, between ENVIVA WILMINGTON HOLDINGS, LLC, a limited liability company formed under the laws of Delaware (the Borrower ), and ENVIVA, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (together with its successors and assigns, Lender ). 
 RECITALS 
 A. WHEREAS, the Borrower and the Lender are parties to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2019 (as amended, restated or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Credit Agreement , and as amended by this Agreement, the Amended Credit Agreement ). Except as otherwise provided herein, all capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement 
 B. WHEREAS, the Borrower requested that the Lender extend the then-current Maturity Date, first by six months, then by an additional six-month period, and the Lender accepted each such request, extending the Maturity Date to June 30, 2023, all effective as of March 31, 2022 
 C. WHEREAS, Section 8.2(c) of the Credit Agreement permits amendments to the Credit Agreement pursuant to agreements in writing entered into by the Lender and the Borrower and 
 D. WHEREAS, the Lender and the Borrower desire to amend the Credit Agreement to further extend the maturity date thereunder. 
 Accordingly, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 SECTION 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . 
 The definition of Maturity Date in Section 1.1 of the Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated as follows 
 Maturity Date means the earliest of (i) June 30, 2024 and (ii) the date of termination of the Revolving Commitment provided that the Lender may extend the Maturity Date by up to one year in the sole and absolute discretion of the Lender. 
 SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties . The Borrower hereby represents and warrants to the Lender that the following statements are true and correct in all respects 
 (a) the representations and warranties set forth in Article III of the Credit Agreement are true and correct in all material respects on and as of the date hereof to the same extent as if made on and as of the date hereof, except to the extent such representations and warranties 

2 

 specifically relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects on and as of such earlier date provided that to the extent any such representation and warranty is already qualified by materiality or Material Adverse Effect, such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects 
 (b) the Borrower has the requisite power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to perform its obligations under the Credit Agreement. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the performance by the Borrower of the Credit Agreement have been duly approved by all necessary organizational action of the Borrower and 
 (c) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Borrower and this Agreement is the legally valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or transfer, moratorium or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally or by general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. 
 SECTION 3. Conditions to Effectiveness of this Agreement . The effectiveness of the Agreement shall be subject to the following conditions precedent (the date on which such conditions have been satisfied (or waived) is referred to herein as the Effective Date 
 (a) The Lender has received a duly executed counterpart of this Agreement from the Borrower, which shall be an original or facsimile or .pdf file 
 (b) The representations and warranties set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement shall be true and correct and 
 (c) No Default or Event of Default shall exist, or would result from the execution and delivery of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 4. Effect of the Amendment . Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, nothing herein shall be deemed to entitle the Borrower to any other consent to, or a waiver, amendment, modification or other change of, any of the terms, conditions, obligations, covenants or agreements contained in the Credit Agreement. On and after the Effective Date, (i) the terms Agreement , this Agreement , herein , hereinafter , hereto , hereof , and words of similar import, as used in the Credit Agreement, shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean the Amended Credit Agreement. The Borrower hereby ratifies and confirms that, except as specifically amended by this Agreement, the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 SECTION 5. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed an original, but all such counterparts together shall constitute but one and the same contract. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement by facsimile or other customary means of electronic transmission (e.g., .pdf shall be as effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart hereof. 

3 

 SECTION 6. Applicable Law . This Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, except for conflicts of laws rules that would require the application of the law of another jurisdiction. 
 SECTION 7. Miscellaneous . The provisions of Sections 8.9 and 8.10 of the Credit Agreement are incorporated by reference herein and made a part hereof. 
 SECTION 8. Headings . The headings of this Agreement are for purposes of reference only and shall not limit or otherwise affect the meaning hereof. 
 
 Remainder of page intentionally left blank 

4 

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has caused this Agreement to be duly executed by its duly authorized officers, all as of the date first above written. 

BORROWER 
 ENVIVA WILMINGTON HOLDINGS, LLC 
 By Enviva, LP, as its managing member 
 By Enviva GP, LLC, as its sole general partner 
 
 By 
 Name William H. Schmidt, Jr. 
 Title Executive Vice President, 
 Corporate Development and General 
 Counsel 
 
 LENDER 
 ENVIVA, LP 
 By Enviva GP, LLC, as its sole general partner 
 By Name Shai S. Even 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 ex1016enviva-methsixthamen.htm
 EX-10.16

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.16 

 SIXTH AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 This Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement Agreement is made and entered into as of November 14, 2022 (the Amendment Effective Date by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and Thomas Meth Executive and supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Fifth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Prior Agreement entered into as of June 4, 2022 by and between the Company and Executive. 
 1. Employment . During the period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and for the duration of the Employment Period (as defined in Section 4 below), the Company shall continue to employ Executive, and Executive shall serve, as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation EVA ), and such other Affiliates of the Company as may be designated by EVA from time to time. 
 2. Duties and Responsibilities of Executive . 
 (a) During the Employment Period, Executive shall devote Executive s full business time and attention to the business of the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, and will not hold any outside employment or consulting position. Executive s duties pursuant to this Agreement will include those normally incidental to the position identified in Section 1, as well as such additional duties as may be assigned to Executive by EVA from time to time. 
 (b) Executive represents and covenants that Executive is not the subject of or a party to any employment agreement, non-competition or non-solicitation covenant, non-disclosure agreement, or any other agreement, covenant, understanding, or restriction that would prohibit Executive from executing this Agreement and fully performing Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder, or would in any manner, directly or indirectly, limit or affect the duties and responsibilities that may now or in the future be assigned to Executive hereunder. 
 (c) Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates fiduciary duties, including duties of care, loyalty, fidelity, and allegiance, such that Executive shall act at all times in the best interests of the Company and its Affiliates and shall not appropriate any business opportunity of the Company or its Affiliates for Executive. Executive agrees that the obligations described in this Agreement are in addition to, and not in lieu of, the obligations Executive owes the Company and its Affiliates under common law. The Parties acknowledge and agree that Executive may provide services (including as an executive, employee, director, or otherwise) to multiple Affiliates of the Company and, in providing such services, Executive will not be violating Executive s obligations hereunder so long as Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, and 9 below in the course of performing such services. 
 3. Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . As of the Amendment Effective Date, Executive s annualized base salary shall be 750,000 (the Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be provided in consideration for Executive s services under this Agreement, and payable on a not less than biweekly basis, in conformity with the Company s customary payroll practices for executives as in effect from time to time. 
 (b) Annual Bonus . During the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible for discretionary bonus compensation for the 2022 calendar year (so long as Executive remains employed through the 2022 calendar year) and each subsequent complete calendar year that Executive is employed by the Company hereunder (each, a Bonus Year pursuant to the 

applicable incentive or bonus compensation plan of the Company, if any, that is applicable to similarly situated executives of the Company (each, an Annual Bonus ). Each Annual Bonus shall have a target value that is not less than 150 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of the Bonus Year to which such Annual Bonus relates (the Target Annual Bonus provided , however , that the Target Annual Bonus for the 2022 calendar year shall have a target value of not less than 731,770. The performance targets that must be achieved in order to realize certain bonus levels shall be established by the board of directors of EVA (the Board or a committee thereof annually, in its sole discretion, and communicated to Executive in accordance with terms of the applicable incentive or bonus plan, if any, or if no such plan has been adopted, within the first 90 days of each applicable Bonus Year following 2022. Each Annual Bonus, if any, will be paid as soon as administratively feasible after the Board or a committee thereof certifies whether the applicable performance targets for the applicable Bonus Year have been achieved, but in no event later than March 15 following the end of such Bonus Year. 
 (c) Long-Term Incentive Plan . With respect to the 2023 calendar year and each subsequent calendar year during the Employment Period, Executive shall be eligible to receive annual awards under the EVA equity compensation plan as in effect from time to time (the LTIP with a target value equal to 300 of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the first day of such calendar year (the Target Annual LTIP Award ). All awards granted to Executive under the LTIP, if any, shall be on such terms and conditions as the Board, or a committee thereof, shall determine from time to time and shall be subject to and governed by the terms and provisions of the LTIP as in effect from time to time and the award agreements evidencing such awards. Nothing herein shall be construed to give Executive any rights to any amount or type of grant or award except as provided in such award to Executive provided in writing and authorized by the Board (or a committee thereof). 
 4. Term of Employment . The current term of Executive s employment under this Agreement is the period commencing on the Amendment Effective Date and ending on the first anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date (the Current Term ). On the first anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date and on each subsequent anniversary of the Amendment Effective Date thereafter, the term of Executive s employment under this Agreement shall automatically renew and extend for a period of 12 months (each such 12-month period being a Renewal Term unless written notice of non-renewal is delivered by either party to the other not less than 60 days prior to the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement may be terminated at any time in accordance with Section 6. The period from the Amendment Effective Date through the expiration of this Agreement or, if sooner, the termination of Executive s employment pursuant to this Agreement, regardless of the time or reason for such termination, shall be referred to herein as the Employment Period. 
 5. Reimbursement of Business Expenses Benefits . Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Executive shall be entitled to the following reimbursements and benefits during the Employment Period 
 (a) Reimbursement of Business Expenses . The Company agrees to reimburse Executive for Executive s reasonable business-related expenses incurred in the performance of Executive s duties under this Agreement provided that Executive timely submits all documentation for such reimbursement, as required by Company policy in effect from time-to-time. Any reimbursement of expenses under this Section 5(a) or Section 12 shall be made by the Company upon or as soon as practicable following receipt of supporting documentation reasonably satisfactory to the Company (but in any event not later than the close of Executive s taxable year following the taxable year in which the expense is incurred by Executive) provided , however , that, upon the termination of Executive s employment with the Company, in no event 
 2 

shall any additional reimbursement be made prior to the date that is six months after the date of such termination (or, if earlier, prior to the date of Executive s death) to the extent such payment delay is required under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code. In no event shall any reimbursement be made to Executive for such expenses incurred after the date that is five years after the date of the termination of Executive s employment with the Company. Executive is not permitted to receive a payment in lieu of reimbursement under this Section 5(a) or Section 12. 
 (b) Benefits . Executive shall be eligible to participate in the same benefit plans or fringe benefit policies in which other similarly situated Company employees are eligible to participate, subject to applicable eligibility requirements and the terms and conditions of such plans and policies as in effect from time to time. The Company shall not, by reason of this Section 5(b), be obligated to institute, maintain, or refrain from changing, amending, or discontinuing, any such plan or policy, so long as such changes are similarly applicable to similarly situated Company employees generally. 
 6. Termination of Employment . 
 (a) Company s Right to Terminate Executive s Employment for Cause . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment at any time for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean Executive s 
 (i) material breach of any policy established by the Company or any of its Affiliates that (x) pertains to health and safety and (y) is applicable to Executive 
 (ii) engaging in acts of disloyalty to the Company or its Affiliates, including fraud, embezzlement, theft, commission of a felony, or proven dishonesty or 
 (iii) willful misconduct in the performance of, or willful failure to perform a material function of, Executive s duties under this Agreement. 
 (b) Company s Right to Terminate for Convenience . The Company shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment without Cause, at any time and for any reason or no reason at all. 
 (c) Executive s Right to Terminate for Good Reason . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company at any time for Good Reason. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean 
 (i) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities provided, however , the appointment of an Executive Chairman to the Board, and Executive reporting to the Executive Chairman, will not constitute a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, title, or responsibilities 
 (ii) a material diminution in Executive s Base Salary, Target Annual Bonus, or Target Annual LTIP Award 
 (iii) the relocation of the geographic location of Executive s principal place of employment by more than 100 miles from the location of Executive s principal place of employment as of the Amendment Effective Date or 
 (iv) the Company s delivery of a written notice of non-renewal of this Agreement to Executive. 
 3 

Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 6(c) or any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, any assertion by Executive of a termination for Good Reason shall not be effective unless all of the following conditions are satisfied (A) the condition described in Section 6(c)(i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) giving rise to Executive s termination of Executive s employment must have arisen without Executive s written consent (B) Executive must provide written notice to the Company of such condition within 30 days of the date on which Executive knew of the existence of the condition (C) the condition specified in such notice must remain uncorrected for 30 days after receipt of such notice by the Company and (D) the date of Executive s termination of Executive s employment must occur within 30 days after the end of such cure period. 
 (d) Death or Disability . Executive s employment with the Company shall terminate upon the death or Disability of Executive. For purposes of this Agreement, a Disability shall exist if Executive is unable to perform the essential functions of Executive s position, with reasonable accommodation (if applicable), due to an illness or physical or mental impairment or other incapacity that continues for a period in excess of 90 days, whether consecutive or not, in any period of 365 consecutive days. The determination of a Disability will be made by the Company after obtaining an opinion from a doctor of the Company s choosing. Executive agrees to provide such information and participate in such examinations as may be reasonably required by said doctor in order to form his or her opinion. If requested by the Company, Executive shall submit to a mental or physical examination to be performed by an independent physician selected by the Company to assist the Company in making such determination. 
 (e) Executive s Right to Terminate for Convenience . Executive shall have the right to terminate Executive s employment with the Company for convenience at any time upon 60 days advance written notice to the Company provided that if Executive provides a notice of termination pursuant to this Section 6(e), the Company may designate an earlier termination date than that specified in Executive s notice. The Company s designation of such an earlier date will not change the nature of Executive s termination, which will still be deemed a voluntary resignation by Executive pursuant to this Section 6(e). 
 (f) Effect of Termination . 
 (i) If Executive s employment hereunder shall terminate (1) pursuant to Section 4 at the expiration of the then-existing Current Term or Renewal Term, as applicable, as a result of a non-renewal of this Agreement by Executive or (2) pursuant to Section 6(a) or 6(e), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that Executive shall be entitled to (x) payment of all earned, unpaid Base Salary within 30 days of Executive s last day of employment, or earlier if required by law, (y) reimbursement for all incurred but unreimbursed expenses for which Executive is entitled to reimbursement in accordance with Section 5(a) and Section 12, and (z) benefits to which Executive may be entitled pursuant to the terms of any plan or policy described in Section 5(b). 
 (ii) If Executive s employment terminates (1) pursuant to Section 6(b) or 6(c) or (2) due to Executive s death or Disability pursuant to Section 6(d), then all compensation and all benefits to Executive hereunder shall terminate contemporaneously with such termination of employment, except that (I) Executive shall be entitled to receive the compensation and benefits described in clauses (x) through (z) of Section 6(f)(i) and (II) if Executive executes, on or before the Release Expiration Date (as defined below), and does not revoke within the time provided by the Company to do so, a release of all claims in a form satisfactory to the Company (which shall be 
 4 

substantially similar to the form of release attached hereto as Exhibit A (the Release )), then, provided that Executive abides by the terms of Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 12 
 (A) The Company shall pay to Executive an amount (the Severance Payment equal to the product of (x) 1.5 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control (as defined below), 2.0) and (y) the sum of Executive s Base Salary as in effect on the date of the termination of Executive s employment (the Termination Date and Executive s Target Annual Bonus as of the Termination Date. The Severance Payment will be divided into 36 (or, if such termination occurs within 12 months following a Change in Control, 48) substantially equal installments. On the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date, the Company shall pay to Executive, without interest, a number of such installments equal to the number of such installments that would have been paid during the period beginning on the Termination Date and ending on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date that is on or after the date that is 60 days after the Termination Date had the installments been paid on a biweekly basis commencing on the Company s first regularly scheduled pay date coincident with or next following the Termination Date, and each of the remaining installments shall be paid on a biweekly basis thereafter provided , however , that (1) to the extent, if any, that the aggregate amount of the installments of the Severance Payment that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(A) after March 15 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs (the Applicable March 15 exceeds the maximum exemption amount under Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A), then such excess shall be paid to Executive in a lump sum on the Applicable March 15 (or the first business day preceding the Applicable March 15 if the Applicable March 15 is not a business day) and the installments of the Severance Payment payable after the Applicable March 15 shall be reduced by such excess (beginning with the installment first payable after the Applicable March 15 and continuing with the next succeeding installment until the aggregate reduction equals such excess), and (2) all remaining installments of the Severance Payment, if any, that would otherwise be paid pursuant to the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(A) after December 31 of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs shall be paid with the installment of the Severance Payment, if any, due in December of the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Termination Date occurs. 
 (B) To the extent Executive s Annual Bonus payable with respect to service in the year preceding the year in which the Termination Date occurs remains unpaid as of the Termination Date, such Annual Bonus will be paid based on actual performance at the time annual bonuses for such prior year are paid to executives of the Company generally (but no later than March 15 following the end of such prior year). 
 (C) The Company shall pay to Executive a pro-rated Annual Bonus attributable to service performed by the Executive for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (pro-rated for the period beginning on the first day of the Bonus Year and ending on the Termination Date) (the Pro-rated Bonus ). The Pro-rated Bonus will be paid at the time annual bonuses are paid to executives of the Company generally (but no later than March 15 of the year following the Termination Date) and will be determined based on target levels with respect to 
 5 

any individual performance metrics and actual performance with respect to any metrics tied to EVA or any subsidiary or other financial or non-individual metrics. 
 (D) All outstanding awards granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP prior to the Termination Date that remain unvested as of the Termination Date shall immediately become fully vested as of the Termination Date provided , however , that with respect to any such LTIP awards that were granted subject to a performance requirement (other than continued service by Executive) that has not been satisfied and certified by the Board (or a committee thereof) as of the Termination Date, then (1) if the Termination Date occurs within six months prior to the expiration of the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested based on actual performance upon the expiration of such performance period and (2) if the Termination Date occurs at any other time during the performance period applicable to such LTIP award, such LTIP award shall become vested as of the Termination Date based on target performance. 
 (E) If Executive timely and properly elects to continue coverage for Executive and Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, under the Company s group health plans pursuant to the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA ), similar in the amounts and types of coverage provided by the Company to Executive prior to the Termination Date, then for a period of 18 months following the Termination Date or such earlier date as provided in this Section 6(f)(ii)(E), the Company shall promptly reimburse Executive on a monthly basis for the entire amount Executive pays to effect and continue such coverage provided , however , that Executive s rights to such reimbursements under this Section 6(f)(ii)(E) shall terminate upon the earlier of (1) the time Executive becomes eligible to be covered under a group health plan sponsored by another employer (and Executive shall promptly notify the Company in the event that Executive becomes so eligible) or (2) the date Executive is no longer eligible to receive COBRA continuation coverage. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 6(f)(ii)(E) to the contrary, (x) the election of COBRA continuation coverage and the payment of any premiums due with respect to such COBRA continuation coverage will remain Executive s sole responsibility, and the Company will assume no obligation for payment of any such premiums relating to such COBRA continuation coverage and (y) if the provision of the benefit described in this Section 6(f)(ii)(E) cannot be provided in the manner described above without penalty, tax, or other adverse impact on the Company, then the Company and Executive shall negotiate in good faith to determine an alternative manner in which the Company may provide a substantially equivalent benefit to Executive without such adverse impact on the Company. 
 For purposes of this Section 6(f)(ii), in the event of Executive s death, references to Executive (other than in Section 6(f)(ii)(E)) shall include Executive s estate, and references to Executive in Section 6(f)(ii)(E) shall include Executive s spouse and eligible dependents, if any, who are qualified beneficiaries (within the meaning of COBRA and the regulations thereunder) with respect to Executive s death. 
 (iii) Executive acknowledges Executive s understanding that if the Release is not executed and returned to the Company on or before the Release Expiration Date, and the required revocation period has not fully expired without revocation of the Release by Executive, then Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits pursuant to Section 6(f)(ii). As used herein, the Release Expiration Date is that date 
 6 

that is 21 days following the date upon which the Company delivers the Release to Executive (which shall occur no later than seven days after the Termination Date) or, in the event that such termination of employment is in connection with an exit incentive or other employment termination program (as such phrase is defined in the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended), the date that is 45 days following such delivery date. 
 (iv) For purposes of this Agreement, a Change in Control shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following transactions 
 (A) the sale or disposal by EVA of all or substantially all of its assets to any person other than an Affiliate of EVA 
 (B) the merger or consolidation of EVA with or into another partnership, corporation, or other entity, other than a merger or consolidation in which the equityholders in EVA immediately prior to such transaction retain a greater than 50 equity interest in the surviving entity or 
 (C) the acquisition by any person or group (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )) of the beneficial ownership (as defined in Section 13d(d)(3) of the Exchange Act) of more than 50 of the equity of EVA entitled to vote in the election of EVA s directors (or the persons performing the functions of directors). 
 (g) Meaning of Termination of Employment . For all purposes of this Agreement, Executive shall be considered to have terminated employment with the Company when Executive incurs a separation from service with the Company within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code provided , however , that whether such a separation from service has occurred shall be determined based upon a reasonably anticipated permanent reduction in the level of bona fide services to be performed to no more than 25 of the average level of bona fide services provided in the immediately preceding 36 months. 
 7. Conflicts of Interest Disclosure of Opportunities . Executive agrees that Executive shall promptly disclose to the Board any conflict of interest involving Executive upon Executive becoming aware of such conflict. Executive further agrees that, throughout the Employment Period and for one year after Executive is no longer employed by the Company, Executive shall offer to the Company and its Affiliates, as applicable, all business opportunities relating to the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets, regardless of where such business opportunities arise. 
 8. Confidentiality . Executive acknowledges and agrees that, in the course of Executive s employment with the Company, Executive has been provided with and had access to (and, during the Employment Period, Executive will continue to be provided with, and have access to) valuable Confidential Information (as defined below). In consideration of Executive s receipt of and access to such Confidential Information and in exchange for other valuable consideration provided hereunder, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive agrees to comply with this Section 8. 
 (a) Executive covenants and agrees, both during the Employment Period and thereafter that, except as expressly permitted by this Agreement or by directive of the Board, Executive shall not disclose any Confidential Information to any Person and shall not use any Confidential Information except for the benefit of the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive shall take all reasonable precautions to protect the physical security of all documents 
 7 

and other material containing Confidential Information (regardless of the medium on which the Confidential Information is stored). The covenants in this Section 8(a) shall apply to all Confidential Information, whether now known or later to become known to Executive during the Employment Period. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 8(a), Executive may make the following disclosures and uses of Confidential Information 
 (i) disclosures to other executives or employees of the Company or its Affiliates who have a need to know the information in connection with the business of the Company or its Affiliates 
 (ii) disclosures and uses that are incidental to Executive s provision of services to the Company and its Affiliates consistent with the terms of this Agreement or that are approved by the Board 
 (iii) disclosures for the purpose of complying with any applicable laws or regulatory requirements or 
 (iv) disclosures that Executive is legally compelled to make by deposition, interrogatory, request for documents, subpoena, civil investigative demand, order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or similar process, or otherwise by law. 
 (c) Upon the end of Executive s employment with the Company and at any other time upon request of the Company, Executive shall surrender and deliver to the Company all documents (including electronically stored information) and other material of any nature containing or pertaining to all Confidential Information in Executive s possession and shall not retain any such document or other material. Within 10 days of any such request, Executive shall certify to the Company in writing that all such materials have been returned to the Company. 
 (d) All non-public information, designs, ideas, concepts, improvements, product developments, discoveries, and inventions, whether patentable or not, that are conceived, made, developed, or acquired by Executive, individually or in conjunction with others, during the period Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates (whether during business hours or otherwise and whether on the Company s premises or otherwise) that relate to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or properties, products, or services (including all such information relating to corporate opportunities, business plans, trade secrets, strategies for developing business and market share, research, financial and sales data, pricing terms, evaluations, opinions, interpretations, acquisition prospects, the identity of customers or their requirements, the identity of key contacts within customers organizations or within the organization of acquisition prospects, or marketing and merchandising techniques, prospective names and marks) is defined as Confidential Information. Moreover, all documents, videotapes, written presentations, brochures, drawings, memoranda, notes, records, files, correspondence, manuals, models, specifications, computer programs, e-mail, voicemail, electronic databases, maps, drawings, architectural renditions, models, and all other writings or materials of any type including or embodying any of such information, ideas, concepts, improvements, discoveries, inventions, and other similar forms of expression are and shall be the sole and exclusive property of the Company or its Affiliates and be subject to the same restrictions on disclosure applicable to all Confidential Information pursuant to this Agreement. 
 (e) Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit or restrict Executive from lawfully (i) initiating communications directly with, cooperating with, providing information to, causing information to be provided to, or otherwise assisting in an investigation by any governmental or regulatory agency, entity, or official(s) (collectively, Governmental 
 8 

Authorities regarding a possible violation of any law, (ii) responding to any inquiry or legal process directed to Executive individually from any such Governmental Authorities, (iii) testifying, participating, or otherwise assisting in an action or proceeding by any such Governmental Authorities relating to a possible violation of law, or (iv) making any other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of any applicable law. Additionally, pursuant to the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016, Executive shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (x) is made (A) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (B) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law, or (y) is made to Executive s attorney in relation to a lawsuit for retaliation against Executive for reporting a suspected violation of law, or (z) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Nor does this Agreement require Executive to obtain prior authorization from the Company or its Affiliates before engaging in any conduct described in this Section 8(e), or to notify the Company or its Affiliates that Executive has engaged in any such conduct. 
 9. Non-Competition Non-Solicitation . 
 (a) The Company shall continue to provide Executive access to Confidential Information for use only during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, and Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Company will be entrusting Executive, in Executive s unique and special capacity, with continuing to develop the goodwill of the Company, and in consideration thereof and in consideration of the continued access to Confidential Information, and as a condition of Executive s employment hereunder, Executive has voluntarily agreed to the covenants set forth in this Section 9. Executive further agrees and acknowledges that the limitations and restrictions set forth herein, including the geographical and temporal restrictions on certain competitive activities, are reasonable in all respects and are material and substantial parts of this Agreement intended and necessary to protect the Company s legitimate business interests, including the preservation of its Confidential Information and goodwill. 
 (b) Executive agrees that, during the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, Executive shall not, without the prior written approval of the Company, directly or indirectly, for Executive or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other person or entity of whatever nature 
 (i) engage or participate within the Market Area in competition with the Company in any business in which either the Company or its Protected Affiliates engaged in, or had plans to become engaged in of which Executive was aware during the period of Executive s employment with the Company or the period set forth in Section 9(c) below, which business includes the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of facilities that collect, process, and transform wood-based biomass into renewable energy feedstock, including wood pellets (the Business ). As used herein, the term Protected Affiliates means any Affiliate of the Company for which Executive provided services during the period of Executive s employment with the Company, or about which Executive obtained Confidential Information during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (ii) appropriate any Business Opportunity of, or relating to, the Company or its Affiliates located in the Market Area, or engage in any activity that is detrimental to the Company or its Affiliates or that limits the Company s or an Affiliate s ability to fully exploit such Business Opportunities or prevents the benefits of such Business Opportunities from accruing to the Company or its Affiliates or 
 9 

(iii) solicit any employee of the Company or its Affiliates to terminate his or her employment therewith. 
 (c) Timeframe of Non-Competition and Non-Solicitation Agreement . Executive agrees that the covenants of this Section 9 shall be enforceable during the period that Executive is employed by the Company and for a period of one year following the date that Executive is no longer employed by the Company, regardless of the reason for such termination. 
 (d) Because of the difficulty of measuring economic losses to the Company and its Affiliates as a result of a breach of the foregoing covenants, and because of the immediate and irreparable damage that could be caused to the Company and its Affiliates for which they would have no other adequate remedy, Executive agrees that the foregoing covenant may be enforced by the Company and its Affiliates, in the event of breach by Executive, by injunctions and restraining orders and that such enforcement shall not be the Company s and its Affiliates exclusive remedy for a breach but instead shall be in addition to all other rights and remedies available to the Company and its Affiliates, both at law and in equity. 
 (e) The covenants in this Section 9 are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant (or any portion thereof) shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant (or any portion thereof). Moreover, in the event any court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator, as applicable, shall determine that the scope, time, or territorial restrictions set forth in this Section 9 are unreasonable, then it is the intention of the parties that such restrictions be enforced to the fullest extent that the court or arbitrator deems reasonable, and this Agreement shall thereby be reformed. 
 (f) For purposes of this Section 9, the following terms shall have the following meanings 
 (i) Business Opportunity shall mean any commercial, investment, or other business opportunity relating to the Business. 
 (ii) Market Area shall mean any location or geographic area within 75 miles of a location where the Company or its Affiliates conducts Business, or has plans to conduct Business of which Executive is aware, during the period of Executive s employment with the Company. 
 (g) All of the covenants in this Section 9 shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provision in this Agreement, and the existence of any claim or cause of action of Executive against the Company, whether predicated on this Agreement or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by the Company of such covenants. 
 10. Ownership of Intellectual Property . Executive agrees that the Company or its applicable Affiliate shall own, and Executive hereby assigns, all right, title, and interest (including patent rights, copyrights, trade secret rights, mask work rights, trademark rights, and all other intellectual and industrial property rights of any sort throughout the world) relating to any and all inventions (whether or not patentable), works of authorship, mask works, designs, know-how, ideas, and information authored, created, contributed to, made, or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part, by Executive during the period that Executive is or has been employed or affiliated with the Company or any of its Affiliates that either (a) relate, at the time of conception, reduction to practice, creation, derivation, or development, to the Company s or any of its Affiliates business or actual or anticipated research or development, or (b) were developed on any amount of the Company s time or with the use of any of the Company s or its Affiliates equipment, supplies, facilities, or trade secret information (all of the foregoing collectively referred to herein as Company Intellectual Property ), and Executive will promptly 
 10 

disclose all Company Intellectual Property to the Company. All of Executive s works of authorship and associated copyrights created during the period that Executive is or has been employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates and in the scope of Executive s employment shall be deemed to be works made for hire within the meaning of the Copyright Act. Executive agrees to perform, during and after the Employment Period, all reasonable acts deemed necessary by the Company to assist the Company or its applicable Affiliate, at the Company s or such Affiliate s expense, in obtaining and enforcing its rights throughout the world in the Company Intellectual Property. Such acts may include, but are not limited to, execution of documents and assistance or cooperation (i) in the filing, prosecution, registration, and memorialization of assignment of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, or other applications, (ii) in the enforcement of any applicable patents, copyrights, mask work, moral rights, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and (iii) in other legal proceedings related to the Company Intellectual Property. 
 11. Arbitration . 
 (a) Subject to Section 11(d), any dispute, controversy, or claim between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates arising out of or relating to this Agreement or Executive s employment with the Company or services provided to any Affiliate of the Company will be finally settled by arbitration in New York, New York before, and in accordance with the rules for the resolution of employment disputes then in effect of, the American Arbitration Association AAA ). The arbitration award shall be final and binding on both parties. 
 (b) Any arbitration conducted under this Section 11 shall be heard by a single arbitrator (the Arbitrator selected in accordance with the then-applicable rules of the AAA. The Arbitrator shall expeditiously (and, if possible, within 90 days after the selection of the Arbitrator) hear and decide all matters concerning the dispute. Except as expressly provided to the contrary in this Agreement, the Arbitrator shall have the power to (i) gather such materials, information, testimony, and evidence as the Arbitrator deems relevant to the dispute before him or her (and each party will provide such materials, information, testimony, and evidence requested by the Arbitrator, except to the extent any information so requested is proprietary, subject to a third-party confidentiality restriction, or to an attorney-client or other privilege), and (ii) grant injunctive relief and enforce specific performance. The decision of the Arbitrator shall be rendered in writing, be final and binding upon the disputing parties, and the parties agree that judgment upon the award may be entered by any court of competent jurisdiction provided that the parties agree that the Arbitrator and any court enforcing the award of the Arbitrator shall not have the right or authority to award punitive or exemplary damages to any disputing party. 
 (c) Each side shall share equally the cost of the arbitration and bear its own costs and attorneys fees incurred in connection with any arbitration, unless the Arbitrator determines that compelling reasons exist for allocating all or a portion of such costs and fees to the other side. 
 (d) Notwithstanding Section 11(a), an application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief by either party (including any such application to enforce the provisions of Sections 8, 9, or 10 herein) shall not be subject to arbitration under this Section 11 provided , however , that the remainder of any such dispute (beyond the application for emergency or temporary injunctive relief) shall be subject to arbitration under this Section. 
 (e) By entering into this Agreement and entering into the arbitration provisions of this Section 11, THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL. 
 11 

(f) Nothing in this Section 11 shall prohibit a party to this Agreement from (i) instituting litigation to enforce any arbitration award or (ii) joining another party to this Agreement in a litigation initiated by a person or entity that is not a party to this Agreement. 
 12. Defense of Claims . Executive agrees that, during the Employment Period and thereafter, upon reasonable request from the Company, Executive will cooperate with the Company or its Affiliates in the defense of any claims or actions that may be made by or against the Company or its Affiliates that relate to Executive s actual or prior areas of responsibility, except if Executive s reasonable interests are adverse to the Company or its Affiliate(s), as applicable, in such claim or action. The Company agrees to pay or reimburse Executive for all of Executive s reasonable travel and other direct expenses incurred, or to be reasonably incurred, to comply with Executive s obligations under this Section 12, provided Executive provides reasonable documentation of same and obtains the Company s prior approval for incurring such expenses. 
 13. Withholdings . The Company may withhold and deduct from any payments made or to be made pursuant to this Agreement (a) all federal, state, local, and other taxes as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling and (b) any deductions consented to in writing by Executive. 
 14. Title and Headings Construction . Titles and headings to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define, or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. Any and all Exhibits or Attachments referred to in this Agreement are, by such reference, incorporated herein and made a part hereof for all purposes. The words herein, hereof, hereunder, and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term, or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term, or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation, but not limited to, or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term, or matter. Unless the context requires otherwise, all references herein to an agreement, instrument, or other document shall be deemed to refer to such agreement, instrument, or other document as amended, supplemented, modified, and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. All references to dollars or in this Agreement refer to United States dollars. Wherever the context so requires, the masculine gender includes the feminine or neuter, and the singular number includes the plural and conversely. 
 15. Applicable Law Submission to Jurisdiction . This Agreement shall in all respects be construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the arbitration provisions of Section 11 above and recognize and agree that should any resort to a court be necessary and permitted under this Agreement, then they consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum, and venue of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. 
 16. Entire Agreement and Amendment . This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein moreover, this Agreement supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, oral or written, between the parties hereto concerning the subject matter hereof. Without limiting the scope of the preceding sentence, except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 16, all understandings and agreements preceding the Amendment Effective Date and relating to the subject matter hereof (including the Prior Agreement) are hereby null and void and of no further 
 12 

force or effect, and this Agreement shall supersede all other agreements, written or oral, that purport to govern the terms of Executive s employment (including Executive s compensation) with the Company or any of its Affiliates. Executive acknowledges and agrees that the Prior Agreement is hereby terminated and has been satisfied in full, as has any other employment agreement between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. In entering into this Agreement, Executive expressly acknowledges and agrees that Executive has received all sums and compensation that Executive has been owed, is owed, or ever could be owed pursuant to the agreement(s) referenced in the previous sentence and for services provided to the Company and any of its Affiliates through the date that Executive signs this Agreement, with the exception of any unpaid base salary for the pay period that includes the date on which Executive signs this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything in the preceding provisions of this Section 16 to the contrary, the parties expressly acknowledge and agree that this Agreement does not supersede or replace, but instead complements and is in addition to, all equity compensation agreements between Executive and the Company or any of its Affiliates. This Agreement may be amended only by a written instrument executed by both parties hereto. 
 17. Waiver of Breach . Any waiver of this Agreement must be executed by the party to be bound by such waiver. No waiver by either party hereto of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other party, or of compliance with any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by such other party, will operate or be construed as a waiver of any subsequent breach by such other party or any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any subsequent time. The failure of either party hereto to take any action by reason of any breach will not deprive such party of the right to take action at any time while such breach continues. 
 18. Assignment . This Agreement is personal to Executive, and neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder shall be assignable or otherwise transferred by Executive. The Company may assign this Agreement to any Affiliate or successor (whether by merger, purchase, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the equity, assets, or businesses of the Company, if such Affiliate or successor expressly agrees to assume the obligations of the Company hereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, the Company may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to any successor or any of its Affiliates (including to EVA or any EVA subsidiary) including in conjunction with any corporate restructuring, simplification, or reorganization. In the event of any such assignment, the Company s assignee shall have all rights and obligations of, and shall be deemed to be, the Company hereunder. 
 19. Affiliates . For purposes of this Agreement, the term Affiliates is defined as any person or entity Controlling, Controlled by, or Under Common Control with the Company. The term Control , including the correlative terms Controlling , Controlled By , and Under Common Control with , means possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of management or policies (whether through ownership of securities or any partnership or other ownership interest, by contract, or otherwise) of a person or entity. For the purposes of the preceding sentence, Control shall be deemed to exist when a person or entity possesses, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries (a) in the case of a corporation, more than 50 of the outstanding voting securities thereof, (b) in the case of a limited liability company, partnership, limited partnership, or joint venture, the right to more than 50 of the distributions therefrom (including liquidating distributions), or (c) in the case of any other person or entity, more than 50 of the economic or beneficial interest therein. 
 20. Notices . Notices provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly received (a) when delivered in person, (b) on the first business day after such notice is sent by air express overnight courier service, or (c) on the third business day following deposit in the United States mail, registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid and addressed, in each case, to the following address, as applicable 
 13 

(1) If to the Company, addressed to 
 Enviva Management Company, LLC 7272 Wisconsin Ave. Suite 1800 Bethesda, MD 20814 Attention General Counsel 
 (2) If to Executive, addressed to the most recent address the Company has in its employment records for Executive. 
 21. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, including by facsimile or .pdf or similar electronic format, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, but all such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same instrument. Each counterpart may consist of a copy hereof containing multiple signature pages, each signed by one party, but together signed by both parties hereto. 
 22. Deemed Resignations . Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the Company and Executive prior to the termination of Executive s employment, any termination of Executive s employment shall constitute (a) an automatic resignation of Executive as an officer of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, (b) an automatic resignation of Executive from the board of directors (or similar governing body) of the Company, EVA, and each other Affiliate of the Company, as applicable, and (c) an automatic resignation from the board of directors or any similar governing body of any corporation, limited liability entity, or other entity in which the Company or any Affiliate holds an equity interest and with respect to which board or similar governing body Executive serves as the Company s or such Affiliate s designee or other representative (if applicable). 
 23. Effect of Termination . The provisions of Sections 6(f), 7-12, 22, and 24 and those provisions necessary to interpret and enforce them, shall survive any termination of the employment relationship between Executive and the Company. 
 24. Third-Party Beneficiaries . Each Affiliate of the Company shall be a third-party beneficiary of Executive s obligations under Sections 7, 8, 9, 10, and 22 and shall be entitled to enforce such obligations as if a party hereto. 
 25. Severability . Subject to Section 9(e), if an arbitrator or court of competent jurisdiction determines that any provision of this Agreement (or part thereof) is invalid or unenforceable, then the invalidity or unenforceability of that provision (or part thereof) shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement, and all other provisions (or part thereof) shall remain in full force and effect. 
 26. Section 409A . Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, all provisions of this Agreement are intended to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and the applicable Treasury regulations and administrative guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A or an exemption therefrom and shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Any payments under this Agreement that may be excluded from Section 409A either as separation pay due to an involuntary separation from service or as a short-term deferral shall be excluded from Section 409A to the maximum extent possible. For purposes of Section 409A, each installment payment provided under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment. Notwithstanding any provision in this Agreement to the contrary, if any payment or benefit provided for herein would be subject to additional taxes and interest under Section 409A if Executive s receipt of such payment or benefit is not delayed until the earlier of (i) the date of Executive s death or (ii) the 
 14 

date that is six months after the Termination Date (such date, the Section 409A Payment Date ), then such payment or benefit shall not be provided to Executive (or Executive s estate, if applicable) until the Section 409A Payment Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments and benefits provided under this Agreement are exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any of its Affiliates be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest, or other expenses that may be incurred by Executive on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 The remainder of this page was left blank intentionally the signature page follows. 
 15 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , Executive and the Company each have caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf, effective for all purposes as provided above. 
 EXECUTIVE 

Thomas Meth 

ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY , LLC 

By 
 Roxanne B. Klein 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 

Signature Page to Sixth Amended and Restated 
 Employment Agreement (Thomas Meth) 

EXHIBIT A 
 FORM OF RELEASE AGREEMENT 
 This Release Agreement (this Agreement constitutes the release referred to in that certain Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement (the Employment Agreement dated as of November 14, 2022, by and between Thomas Meth Executive and Enviva Management Company, LLC (the Company ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Employment Agreement. 
 (a) For good and valuable consideration, including the Company s provision of certain severance payments (or a portion thereof) to Executive in accordance with Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive hereby releases, discharges, and forever acquits (A) the Company, its subsidiaries and all of its other Affiliates, (B) EVA, its subsidiaries, and all of its other Affiliates, and (C) the past, present, and future stockholders, officers, members, partners, directors, managers, employees, agents, attorneys, heirs, representatives, successors, and assigns of the entities specified in clauses (A) and (B) above, in their personal and representative capacities (collectively, the Company Parties ), from liability for, and hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Executive s employment with any Company Party, the termination of such employment, and any other acts or omissions related to any matter on or prior to the date of the execution of this Agreement including, without limitation, (1) any alleged violation through the date of this Agreement of (i) the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, as amended (including as amended by the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act) (ii) Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended (iii) the Civil Rights Act of 1991 (iv) Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, as amended (v) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (vi) the Immigration Reform Control Act, as amended (vii) the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, as amended (viii) the National Labor Relations Act, as amended (ix) the Occupational Safety and Health Act, as amended (x) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (xi) any federal, state, or local anti-discrimination law (xii) any federal, state, or local wage and hour law (xiii) any other local, state, or federal law, regulation, or ordinance and (xiv) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim (2) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in or with respect to a Released Claim (3) any and all rights, benefits, or claims Executive may have under any employment contract, incentive compensation plan, or equity incentive plan with any Company Party or to any ownership interest in any Company Party except as expressly provided (I) in Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement and (II) pursuant to the terms of any equity compensation agreement between Executive and a Company Party (including any Award Agreement (as defined in the LTIP) relating to an award granted to Executive pursuant to the LTIP), and (4) any claim for compensation or benefits of any kind not expressly set forth in the Employment Agreement or any equity compensation agreement (collectively, the Released Claims ). In no event shall the Released Claims include (a) any claim that arises after the date Executive signs this Agreement, (b) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan or equity compensation plan, or (c) any claims for contractual payments under Section 5(a) or Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Executive is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the consideration recited in the first sentence of this paragraph, any and all potential claims of this nature that Executive may have against the Company Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised, and waived. By signing this Agreement, Executive is bound by it. Anyone who succeeds to Executive s rights and responsibilities, such as heirs or the executor of Executive s estate, is also bound by this Agreement. This release also applies to any claims brought by any person or agency or class action under which Executive may have a right or benefit. Notwithstanding the release of liability contained herein, nothing in this Agreement prevents Executive from filing any non-legally waivable claim (including a challenge to the 
 EXHIBIT A-1 

validity of this Agreement) with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency, authority, or commission (each, a Governmental Agency or participating in any investigation or proceeding conducted by any Governmental Agency. Executive understands that this Agreement does not limit Executive s ability to communicate with any Governmental Agency or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Governmental Agency (including by providing documents or other information to a Governmental Agency) without notice to the Company or any other Company Party. This Agreement does not limit Executive s right to receive an award from a Governmental Agency for information provided to a Governmental Agency. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT , INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY , OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES. 
 (b) Executive agrees not to bring or join any lawsuit or arbitration proceeding against any of the Company Parties in any court relating to any of the Released Claims. Executive represents that Executive has not brought or joined any lawsuit or filed any charge or claim against any of the Company Parties in any court or before any government agency and has made no assignment of any rights Executive has asserted or may have against any of the Company Parties to any person or entity, in each case, with respect to any Released Claims. 
 (c) By executing and delivering this Agreement, Executive acknowledges that 
 (i) Executive has carefully read this Agreement 
 (ii) Executive has had at least twenty-one (21) forty-five (45) days to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery hereof to the Company to be added if 45 days applies , and Executive acknowledges that attached to this Agreement are (1) a list of the positions and ages of those employees selected for termination (or participation in the exit incentive or other employment termination program) (2) a list of the ages of those employees not selected for termination (or participation in such program) and (3) information about the unit affected by the employment termination program of which Executive s termination was a part, including any eligibility factors for such program and any time limits applicable to such program 
 (iii) Executive has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, that Executive may, at Executive s option, discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Executive s choice and that Executive has had adequate opportunity to do so 
 (iv) Executive fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement the only promises made to Executive to sign this Agreement are those stated in the Employment Agreement and herein and Executive is signing this Agreement knowingly, voluntarily, and of Executive s own free will, and that Executive understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement and 
 (v) With the exception of any sums that Executive may be owed pursuant to Section 6(f)(ii) of the Employment Agreement, Executive has been paid all wages and other compensation to which Executive is entitled under the Agreement and received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Executive was entitled during the period of Employee s employment with the Company. 
 EXHIBIT A-2 

Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Executive delivers this Agreement to the Company (such seven-day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period ). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Executive and must be delivered to the General Counsel of the Company before 11 59 p.m., New York, New York time, on the last day of the Release Revocation Period. If an effective revocation is delivered in the foregoing manner and timeframe, this Agreement shall be of no force or effect and shall be null and void ab initio . No consideration shall be paid if this Agreement is revoked by Executive in the foregoing manner. 
 Executed on this _____ day of __________, ____. 

Thomas Meth 
 
 EXHIBIT A-3 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 5
 ex1017-jkkenvivaseparation.htm
 EX-10.17

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.17 

 SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND 
 GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS 
 This SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE OF CLAIMS (this Agreement is entered into as of November 14, 2022 (the Effective Date by and between Enviva Management Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), and John K. Keppler Employee ). Employee and the Company are each referred to herein individually as a Party and collectively as the Parties . 
 WHEREAS, reference is made to (i) the Sixth Amended and Restated Employment Agreement between the Parties made and entered into as of December 1, 2021 (the Employment Agreement (ii) the Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notices and Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements between Employee and Enviva Inc., a Delaware corporation EVA executed and agreed to as of February 1, 2022, January 27, 2021, January 29, 2020 (vesting January 29, 2023) and January 29, 2020 (vesting January 29, 2024) (collectively, the RUAs (iii) the Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Grant Notices and Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements between Employee and Enviva executed and agreed to as of February 1, 2022, January 27, 2021, January 29, 2020 (with a performance period ending December 31, 2022) and January 29, 2020 (with a performance period ending December 31, 2023) (collectively, the PUAs (iv) the Enviva Management Company, LLC Annual Incentive Compensation Plan (the AIC Plan and (v) the Strategic Advisor Agreement between Employee and EVA effective as of November 15, 2022 (the Advisor Agreement ). 
 WHEREAS, Employee s employment with the Company will end on November 14, 2022 
 WHEREAS, if Employee enters into this Agreement and satisfies the terms herein, then the Company will provide Employee with the separation benefits as set forth herein and 
 WHEREAS, the Parties wish to resolve any and all claims that Employee has or may have against the Company or any of the other Company Parties (as defined below), including any claims that Employee may have arising out of Employee s employment or the end of such employment 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by Employee and the Company, the Parties hereby acknowledge and agree as follows 
 1. Separation from Employment . 
 (a) Employee s employment with the Company will terminate on November 14, 2022 (the Separation Date ). 
 (b) Employee s employment with the Company will end as of the Separation Date, and as of the Separation Date, Employee will have no further employment relationship with the Company or any other Company Party. The Parties further acknowledge and agree that, as of the Separation Date, Employee will automatically be deemed to have resigned, to the extent applicable from all officer and board positions as set forth in Section 22 of the Employment Agreement. 
 (c) Employee will enter into the Advisor Agreement to be effective November 15, 2022. During the term of the Advisor Agreement, Employee will be a consultant and an 

independent contractor. Nothing in the Advisor Agreement is intended to extend Employee s employment beyond the Separation Date. 
 2. Severance Benefits . Provided that (i) Employee executes this Agreement and returns a copy of this Agreement signed by Employee to the Company care of Roxanne B. Klein, Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at 7272 Wisconsin Ave., Bethesda, MD 20814, or via e-mail at Roxanne.Klein envivabiomass.com, so that it is received by Ms. Klein no later than December 14, 2022 and (ii) Employee abides by each of his commitments set forth herein and (iii) Employee does not exercise his revocation right set forth in Section 6, then 
 (a) The Company shall provide Employee with the severance pay and benefits set forth in Sections 6(f)(ii)(A) through (C) of the Employment Agreement, with such pay and benefits being provided in the time and manner set forth in Sections 6(f)(ii)(A) through (C) of the Employment Agreement 
 (b) For the 2022 calendar year, Employee shall receive an Annual Bonus (as defined in the Employment Agreement) equal to the Actual Award (as defined in the AIC Plan) that he would have received pursuant to the AIC Plan for calendar year 2022 had he remained continuously employed by the Company through the payment of such Actual Award, which amount (i) shall be based on target individual performance, and calculated by reference to Employee s Target Annual Bonus (as defined in the Employment Agreement) and take into account the final payout ratio for the Company for 2022, based on the Company s and its affiliates actual performance in such calendar year relative to the applicable performance targets for such calendar year (ii) shall be pro-rated by multiplying the amount in Section 2(b)(i) by a fraction, the numerator of which is 318 and the denominator of which is 365 and (iii) shall be paid no later than March 15, 2023. 
 Employee acknowledges and agrees that the consideration described in this Section 2 represents the entirety of the amounts Employee is eligible to receive as severance pay and benefits from the Company or any other Company Party. 
 3. Satisfaction of All Leaves and Payment Amounts . Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that, as of the Signing Date, Employee has received all leaves (paid and unpaid) to which Employee has been entitled during Employee s employment with the Company or any other Company Party and Employee has received all wages, bonuses and other compensation, been provided all benefits and been afforded all rights, been reimbursed for all expenses, and been paid all sums that Employee is owed and has been owed by the Company or any other Company Party, and all payments arising out of all incentive plans and any other bonus or contractual arrangements. For the avoidance of doubt, Employee acknowledges and agrees that Employee has no right to the severance pay and benefits described in Section 2 above but for his entry into this Agreement and compliance with the terms herein, and Employee s receipt of the severance pay and benefits described in Section 2 above will fully and finally satisfy any and all rights that Employee has had, or could ever have, to severance pay or benefits from the Company or any other Company Party, including pursuant to Section 6 of the Employment Agreement. 
 4. Complete Release of Claims . 
 (a) For good and valuable consideration, including the Company s agreement to provide the consideration described herein (and any part thereof), Employee hereby forever releases, discharges and acquits the Company, EVA, each of their respective parents, subsidiaries and other affiliates, and each of the foregoing entities respective past, present and future subsidiaries, affiliates, stockholders, members, managers, partners, directors, officers, 
 2 

employees, professional employer organizations, agents, attorneys, heirs, predecessors, successors and representatives, in their personal and representative capacities as well as all employee benefit plans maintained by the Company or any of its affiliates and all fiduciaries and administrators of any such plans, in their personal and representative capacities (collectively, the Company Parties ), from liability for, and Employee hereby waives, any and all claims, damages, or causes of action of any kind related to Employee s employment or affiliation with any Company Party, the termination of such employment or affiliation, and any other acts or omissions related to any matter occurring or existing, whether known or unknown, on or prior to the time that Employee executes this Agreement, whether arising under federal or state laws or the laws of any other jurisdiction, including (i) any alleged violation through such time of (A) any federal, state or local anti-discrimination or anti-retaliation law, including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, and Sections 1981 through 1988 of Title 42 of the United States Code, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (B) the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ERISA (C) the Immigration Reform Control Act (D) the National Labor Relations Act (E) the Occupational Safety and Health Act (F) the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (G) any law, regulation, or ordinance or orders under Maryland State law, the Maryland Equal Pay Act, and Title 20 of the State Government Article of the Maryland Annotated Code (H) any other local, state or federal law, regulation, ordinance or orders which may have afforded any legal or equitable causes of action of any nature or (I) any public policy, contract, tort, or common law claim, including any claim for defamation, emotional distress, wrongful termination, fraud or misrepresentation of any kind (ii) any allegation for costs, fees, or other expenses including attorneys fees incurred in, or with respect to, a Released Claim (iii) any and all claims Employee may have under any employment contract (including the Employment Agreement and the Prior Agreement (as defined in the Employment Agreement)) or any other agreement, incentive or compensation plan or under any other benefit plan, program or practice, including any claim arising under or relating to the AIC Plan (iv) any claim, whether direct or derivative, arising from, or relating to, Employee s status as a member or holder of any interest in any Company Party, including all claims arising from or relating to the RUAs and the PUAs, and (v) any claim for compensation, damages or benefits of any kind not expressly set forth in this Agreement (collectively, the Released Claims ). This Agreement is not intended to indicate that any such claims exist or that, if they do exist, they are meritorious. Rather, Employee is simply agreeing that, in exchange for the consideration received by Employee through this Agreement, any and all potential claims of this nature that Employee may have against the Company Parties, regardless of whether they actually exist, are expressly settled, compromised and waived. THIS RELEASE INCLUDES MATTERS ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE SOLE OR PARTIAL NEGLIGENCE (WHETHER GROSS OR SIMPLE) OR OTHER FAULT, INCLUDING STRICT LIABILITY, OF ANY OF THE COMPANY PARTIES . 
 (b) Notwithstanding this release of liability, nothing in this Agreement prevents Employee from filing any non-legally waivable claim, including a challenge to the validity of this Agreement, with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, National Labor Relations Board, Occupational Safety and Health Administration, or other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission (collectively Governmental Agencies or participating in (or cooperating with) any investigation or proceeding conducted by any Governmental Agency however, Employee understands and agrees that, to the extent permitted by law, Employee is waiving any and all rights to recover any monetary or personal relief or recovery from a Company Party as a result of such Governmental Agency proceeding or subsequent legal actions . Nothing herein waives Employee s right to receive an award for information provided to a Governmental Agency. Further, in no event shall the Released Claims include (i) any claim that arises after the date this Agreement is executed by Employee, (ii) any claim to enforce Employee s rights under this Agreement, or (iii) any claim to vested benefits under an employee benefit plan that is subject to ERISA. Nothing herein will prevent Employee from seeking workers compensation or unemployment insurance benefits. 
 3 

(c) Employee represents and warrants that, as of the time Employee executes this Agreement, Employee has not brought or joined any lawsuit or filed any lawsuit, complaints, appeals, charges or claims against any of the Company Parties in any court or before any government agency or arbitrator for or with respect to a matter, claim or incident that occurred or arose out of one or more occurrences that took place on or prior to the time at which Employee signs this Agreement. Employee further represents and warrants that Employee has made no assignment, sale, delivery, transfer or conveyance of any rights Employee has asserted or may have against any of the Company Parties to any person or entity, in each case, with respect to any Released Claim. Employee also confirms that he has no known workplace injuries or occupational diseases. 
 5. Employee s Acknowledgements . By executing and delivering this Agreement, Employee expressly acknowledges that 
 (a) Employee has carefully read this Agreement 
 (b) Employee has had sufficient time (and at least twenty-one (21) days) to consider this Agreement before the execution and delivery to Company, although Employee may, but is not required to, execute and deliver this Agreement as early as the Separation Date 
 (c) Employee has been advised, and hereby is advised in writing, to discuss this Agreement with an attorney of Employee s choice before signing this Agreement, and Employee has had adequate opportunity to do so prior to executing this Agreement 
 (d) the only matters relied upon by Employee and causing Employee to sign this Confirming Release are the provisions set forth in writing within this Agreement 
 (e) Employee fully understands the final and binding effect of this Agreement the only promises made to Employee to sign this Agreement are those stated within this document and Employee is signing this Agreement knowingly, voluntarily and of Employee s own free will, and that Employee understands and agrees to each of the terms of this Agreement and 
 (f) No Company Party has provided any tax or legal advice regarding this Agreement and Employee has had an adequate opportunity to receive sufficient tax and legal advice from advisors of Employee s own choosing such that Employee enters into this Agreement with full understanding of the tax and legal implications thereof. 
 6. Revocation Right . Notwithstanding the initial effectiveness of this Agreement, Employee may revoke the delivery (and therefore the effectiveness) of this Agreement within the seven-day period beginning on the date Employee executes this Agreement (such seven-day period being referred to herein as the Release Revocation Period ). To be effective, such revocation must be in writing signed by Employee and must be received by the Company care of Roxanne B. Klein, Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer at 7272 Wisconsin Ave., Bethesda, MD 20814, or via e-mail at Roxanne.Klein envivabiomass.com, so that it is received by Ms. Klein no later than 11 59 p.m. Bethesda, Maryland time, on the last day of the Release Revocation Period. In the event Employee exercises his revocation right as set forth herein, the release in Section 4 will be of no force or effect and Employee will not be entitled to receive the consideration set forth in Section 2 of this Agreement but all other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 7. Reaffirmation of Restrictive Covenants . Employee acknowledges and agrees that, in connection with Employee s employment with the Company, Employee has obtained Confidential Information (as defined in the Employment Agreement), and that Employee has 
 4 

continuing non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation and intellectual property-related obligations to the Company and the other Company Parties pursuant to Sections 8 through 10 of the Employment Agreement (the Restrictive Covenants ). In entering into this Agreement, Employee acknowledges the continued effectiveness and enforceability of the Restrictive Covenants and expressly reaffirms Employee s commitment to abide by, and promises to abide by, the terms of the Restrictive Covenants. 
 8. No Waiver . No failure by any Party at any time to give notice of any breach by the other Party of, or to require compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. 
 9. Applicable Law Dispute Resolution . This Agreement shall in all respects be construed according to the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflict of law principles thereof. With respect to any claim or dispute related to or arising under this Agreement, the Parties hereby consent to the arbitration provisions in Section 11 of the Employment Agreement and recognize and agree that should any resort to a court be necessary and permitted under this Agreement, then they consent to the exclusive jurisdiction, forum, and venue of the state and federal courts located in New York, New York. THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THEY ARE KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVING THEIR RIGHTS TO A JURY TRIAL . 
 10. Severability and Modification . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Parties agree that any term or provision of this Agreement (or part thereof) that renders such term or provision (or part thereof) or any other term or provision (or part thereof) of this Agreement invalid or unenforceable in any respect shall be severable and shall be modified or severed to the extent necessary to avoid rendering such term or provision (or part thereof) invalid or unenforceable, and such severance or modification shall be accomplished in the manner that most nearly preserves the benefit of the Parties bargain hereunder. 
 11. Withholding of Taxes and Other Deductions . The Company may, or may direct any other Company Party to, withhold from any payments made pursuant to this Agreement all federal, state, local, and other taxes and withholdings as may be required pursuant to any law or governmental regulation or ruling. 
 12. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including portable document format (.pdf) and facsimile counterparts), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same agreement. 
 13. Third-Party Beneficiaries Affiliate Definition . 
 (a) This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and each other Company Party, and Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that each other Company Party shall be a third-party beneficiary of Employee s representations, warranties and releases set forth in this Agreement. 
 (b) As used in this Agreement, the term affiliate , as used with respect to a particular person or entity, shall mean any other person or entity that owns or controls, is owned or controlled by, or is under common ownership or control with, such person or entity. 
 14. Amendment Entire Agreement . This Agreement may not be changed orally but only by an agreement in writing agreed to and signed by Employee and the Company. This Agreement (and, as referenced herein, the Employment Agreement) constitute the entire agreement of the Parties with regard to the subject matter hereof provided, however , this 
 5 

Agreement and the Restrictive Covenants complement and are in addition to, and do not supersede or replace, any other obligations that Employee has to the Company, EVA, or any of their affiliates with respect to confidentiality or non-disclosure, return of property, non-competition, or non-solicitation, or the assignment of intellectual property. 
 15. Return of Property . Employee represents and warrants that, as of the Separation Date and except to the extent reasonably required to perform his duties under the Advisor Agreement, Employee will have returned to the Company all property belonging to the Company or any other Company Party, including all computer files, electronically stored information and other materials provided to Employee by the Company or any other Company Party in the course of Employee s employment and Employee further represents and warrants that Employee will not maintain a copy of any such materials in any form. 
 16. Continued Cooperation . Following the Separation Date, Employee will provide the Company and other Company Parties with assistance when reasonably requested, with respect to transitioning matters related to his job responsibilities and otherwise providing information relating to the duties he performed for the Company. In requesting and scheduling Employee s assistance pursuant to this Section 16, the Company shall take into consideration Employee s personal and professional obligations. 
 17. Further Assurances . Employee shall, and shall cause his affiliates, representatives, and agents to, from time to time at the request of the Company and without any additional consideration, furnish the Company with such further information or assurances, execute and deliver such additional documents, instruments, and conveyances, and take such other actions and do such other things, as may be reasonably necessary or desirable, as determined in the sole discretion of the Company, to carry out the provisions of this Agreement or transition his responsibilities. 
 18. Section 409A . Neither this Agreement nor any payment provided hereunder are intended to constitute deferred compensation subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Treasury regulations and interpretive guidance issued thereunder (collectively, Section 409A ), and this Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company makes no representations that the payments provided under this Agreement comply with or are exempt from the requirements of Section 409A and in no event shall the Company or any other Company Party be liable for all or any portion of any taxes, penalties, interest or other expenses that may be incurred by Employee on account of non-compliance with Section 409A. 
 19. Interpretation . Titles and headings to Sections hereof are for the purpose of reference only and shall in no way limit, define or otherwise affect the provisions hereof. The word or as used herein is not exclusive and is deemed to have the meaning and or. The words herein , hereof , hereunder and other compounds of the word here shall refer to the entire Agreement and not to any particular provision hereof. All references herein to a law, agreement, instrument or other document shall be deemed to refer to such law, agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented, modified and restated from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof. The use herein of the word including following any general statement, term or matter shall not be construed to limit such statement, term or matter to the specific items or matters set forth immediately following such word or to similar items or matters, whether or not non-limiting language (such as without limitation , but not limited to , or words of similar import) is used with reference thereto, but rather shall be deemed to refer to all other items or matters that could reasonably fall within the broadest possible scope of such general statement, term or matter. Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed against any Party, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. This Agreement has been reviewed by each of the Parties and shall be 
 6 

construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to fairly accomplish the purposes and intentions of the Parties. The Confirming Release is incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. 
 Signatures begin on the following page 
 7 

The Parties have executed this Agreement on the date(s) set forth beneath their signatures below, with this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date. 
 ENVIVA MANAGEMENT COMPANY, LLC 

By Name Roxanne B. Klein 
 Title Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer 
 Date November 14, 2022 
 
 JOHN K. KEPPLER 
 John K. Keppler 
 Date ________________________________ 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.18>
 6
 ex1018enviva-jkkstrategica.htm
 EX-10.18

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.18 

 STRATEGIC ADVISOR AGREEMENT 
 THIS STRATEGIC ADVISOR AGREEMENT (this Agreement is entered into as of November 14, 2022 but effective as of November 15, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between Enviva Inc. , a Delaware corporation with a principal executive office at 7272 Wisconsin Ave., Suite 1800, Bethesda, MD 20814 Enviva ), and John K. Keppler (the Consultant and, together with Enviva, each a Party and collectively the Parties ). 
 WHEREAS, Enviva desires to retain Consultant and Consultant desires to provide certain consulting services to Enviva on the terms set forth herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the promises and mutual covenants contained herein, Enviva and Consultant agree as follows 
 
 1) SERVICES . Enviva hereby retains Consultant, and Consultant hereby agrees to provide, consulting services to Enviva as an independent contractor. During the Term (as defined below), as Enviva may reasonably request of Consultant from time to time but generally not more than eight hours per month, Consultant agrees to act as a strategic advisor by providing consultation and advice to Enviva and its chief executive officer (the Services ). So that Enviva may properly communicate to Consultant its desired advice and consultation by Consultant, Consultant agrees to attend such meetings as Enviva may reasonably request. Consultant shall coordinate the furnishing of Services in such a way as to generally conform to Enviva s business schedule, but the method of performance, time of performance, place of performance, hours utilized in such performance, and any other details regarding the manner of performance of the Services shall be within Consultant s sole control. 
 2) INDEPENDENT CONTRACTOR . At all times during the Term, Consultant shall be an independent contractor of Enviva. In no event shall Consultant be deemed to be an employee of Enviva or any of its affiliates, and Consultant shall not at any time be entitled to any employment rights or benefits from Enviva, or have any power to bind or commit Enviva or any of its affiliates, or otherwise act on their behalf. Consultant shall not at any time communicate or represent to any third party, or cause or knowingly permit any third party to assume, that in performing the Services hereunder, Consultant is an employee, agent, or other representative of Enviva or any of its affiliates, or has any authority to bind Enviva or its affiliates, or act on behalf of Enviva or its affiliates. It is not the purpose or intention of this Agreement or the Parties to create, and the same shall not be construed as creating, any partnership, joint venture, agency, or employment relationship. 
 3) TERM OF AGREEMENT . Consultant s Services and appointment under this Agreement shall begin as of the Effective Date and shall expire on March 31, 2023 (the Initial Term provided, however, unless this Agreement is terminated as set forth herein, the term of the Agreement will be automatically be extended month to month beginning at the end of the Initial Term (the Initial Term together with all such extensions, the Term ). Either Party may, at its discretion, terminate this Agreement before the Term expires with written notice to the other Party, at which time Enviva shall pay Consultant for any Services provided up to the date of such termination. Consultant s obligations set forth in Sections 7-8 shall survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement for whatever reason. 
 4) PAYMENT OF FEES & EXPENSES . In exchange for the Services, Enviva shall pay Consultant twenty-five thousand US dollars 25,000) per month (the Monthly Fee ), payable in advance for each month during which the Term is in effect (prorated for any partial month during the Term). The first such payment shall be made reasonably promptly following execution of this Agreement and any excess payment for a pro-rated month shall be reimbursed by Consultant to Enviva reasonably promptly following the end of the Term. Enviva shall reimburse Consultant for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses that Consultant actually incurs in performing Services (the Expenses ). Enviva shall reimburse Consultant s Expenses according to Enviva policy, if Consultant 

itemizes and provides proper supporting documentation for the Expenses within 20 days after each completed month. 
 5) TAXES, FEES, AND BENEFITS . Because this Agreement creates an independent contractor relationship between the Parties, the Parties understand Enviva has no obligation to and will not withhold any state or federal income taxes, social security, or other taxes from payments to Consultant, nor shall it make any workers compensation or unemployment benefit payments, contributions, or payroll tax payments on behalf of Consultant. Consultant agrees he shall not be eligible for or entitled to, participate in any of Enviva s, or any of its affiliates , benefit plans, retirement, or insurance coverage. Consultant also acknowledges and agrees that Enviva will issue a Form 1099 for all compensation paid to Consultant, and it is Consultant s obligation to report and pay all federal, state, and local income, payroll, and other taxes related to compensation earned under this Agreement and as may be required by law. Consultant shall be solely responsible for making all applicable tax filings and remittances with respect to amounts paid to Consultant pursuant to this Agreement and shall indemnify and hold harmless Enviva and its affiliates, and the foregoing entities respective representatives, for all claims, damages, costs, and liabilities arising from Consultant s failure to do so. 
 6) CONFLICTS OF INTEREST . Consultant may engage in non-profit, business, or commercial activities for other parties as a consultant, independent contractor, employee, or otherwise, during the Term. However, during the Term, Consultant shall not render any services on behalf of any person or entity other than for Enviva, or any of its affiliates, if such activities either (a) prevent Consultant from performing the Services in accordance with this Agreement or would violate Sections 7 and 8 or (b) cause Consultant to breach any provision of this Agreement. 
 7) CONFIDENTIALITY . 
 a) Consultant understands that during Consultant s engagement with Enviva, Enviva may disclose to Consultant (intentionally or inadvertently), or Consultant may otherwise obtain, Confidential Information (as defined below) belonging to Enviva. Consultant agrees to keep the Confidential Information strictly confidential, and to use the Confidential Information only for the legitimate business purposes under this Agreement, and as Enviva may expressly authorize. 
 b) Except to the extent the use or disclosure of any Confidential Information is required to perform the Services in accordance with this Agreement during the Term, Consultant agrees not to misappropriate, use either directly or indirectly, for Consultant s own benefit or for the benefit of any other person (other than Enviva), disclose to any third party, either directly or indirectly, or aid anyone else in disclosing to any third party, either directly or indirectly, in each case all or any part of any Confidential Information. 
 c) The term Confidential Information means (1) any and all information or data of any nature whatsoever, including engineering, environmental, economic, financial, legal, regulatory, operational, commercial, marketing, and business information, projections, customer information, samples, data, technology, and designs, in each case that has been, or in the future is, provided by or on behalf of Enviva (including by Enviva s or its affiliates employees, contractors, agents, or other representatives) to Consultant (2) other information ascertained through discussions between the Parties concerning the Services (including discussions between Consultant and Enviva s, or its affiliates , employees, contractors, agents, or other representatives) (3) notes, analyses, compilations, studies, interpretations, memoranda, or other documentation prepared by Consultant to the extent containing, reflecting, or based upon any information otherwise constituting Confidential Information (4) the existence of this Agreement and or of any agreement relating to the Services, if applicable, and the fact that Confidential Information has been made available to Consultant and that any investigations, discussions, or negotiations have taken, or are taking, place between the Parties concerning the Services and (5) the potential or actual terms with respect to the Services. Confidential Information also includes any information that Enviva obtains from another party or entity and 
 2 

that Enviva treats or designates as confidential or proprietary information, regardless of whether Enviva either owned or developed such information. 
 8) RIGHTS TO MATERIAL INFORMATION . All Enviva records, files, memoranda, reports, pricing information, account customer lists, plans, documents, equipment, and all other Enviva materials, documents, and data used, prepared, or collected by Consultant as part of Consultant s engagement with Enviva, in whatever form, will remain Enviva s property. Consultant understands and agrees that all Confidential Information that comes into Consultant s possession while Consultant is providing Services, whether prepared by the Consultant or others, is and will remain Enviva s property. Thus, Consultant agrees that Consultant will return to Enviva, as requested at any time (and, in any event, by the last day of the Term), all documents, written material, information, and any other property belonging to Enviva, in Consultant s possession or control, regardless of the manner in which such information is stored or maintained, including all originals, copies, and compilations of the information. 
 9) ASSIGNMENT, MODIFICATION, & ENTIRE AGREEMENT . This Agreement is personal to Consultant and, as such, may not be assigned by Consultant. This Agreement may only be modified by the Parties in a writing signed by both Parties. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements, representations, and understandings of the Parties, whether in writing or orally made. 
 10) GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION, & WAIVER OF TRIAL BY JURY. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, the Parties hereby irrevocably (a) submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the Borough of Manhattan, New York, NY, in respect of any suit, action, or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement (b) agree that all claims in respect of any such suit, action, or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court (c) waive any objection they may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court, and any claim that any such suit, action, or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an inconvenient forum and (d) waive any right to trial by jury with respect to any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement . 
 11) SECURITIES LAW . Consultant hereby acknowledges and agrees that Consultant is aware that United States securities laws prohibit any person who has material, non-public information concerning a publicly traded company from either purchasing or selling such company s securities, or from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person would purchase or sell such securities. In addition, Consultant acknowledges and agrees, while in possession of material, non-public information concerning Enviva or any of its affiliates, not to purchase or sell Enviva s, or any of its affiliates , debt or equity securities and to refrain from communicating such information to any other person under circumstances in which it is reasonably foreseeable that such person would purchase or sell such securities. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the Parties have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. 
 
 Enviva Inc. 
 
 By 
 Name Jason E. Paral 
 Title Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel, and Secretary 
 Consultant 
 
 Signature 
 Name John K. Keppler 

3 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-21.1>
 7
 exhibit211-envivaincxlisto.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES OF ENVIVA INC. Subsidiary of Enviva Inc. State of Incorporation Enviva, LP Delaware Enviva Holdings, LP Delaware Enviva Pellets, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Greenwood, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Hamlet, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Lucedale, LLC Delaware Enviva Pellets Waycross, LLC Delaware Enviva Port of Pascagoula, LLC Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 8
 ex231ey_evaconsentletterx2.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 

 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 
 333-261986 on Form S-8 and 
 333-262240 on Form S-3 
 
 of our reports dated March 1, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Enviva Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Enviva Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Enviva Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Ernst & Young, LLP 
 
 Tysons, Virginia 
 March 1, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 9
 exhibit311eva-20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

Certification of Principal Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 I, Thomas Meth, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Enviva Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 1, 2023 
 s Thomas Meth Thomas Meth President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 10
 exhibit312eva-20221231x10k.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

Certification of Principal Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 
 I, Shai S. Even, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Enviva Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial information included in this report fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date March 1, 2023 s Shai S. Even Shai S. Even Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enviva Inc. (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 11
 exhibit321eva-20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enviva Inc. Enviva for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Thomas Meth, President and Chief Executive Officer of Enviva, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enviva. 

s Thomas Meth Thomas Meth President and Chief Executive Officer of Enviva Inc. Date March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 12
 exhibit322eva-20221231x10k.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Enviva Inc. Enviva for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Shai S. Even, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enviva, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Enviva. 

s Shai S. Even Shai S. Even Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enviva Inc. (Principal Financial Officer) Date March 1, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 13
 eva-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 eva-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 eva-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 16
 eva-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 17
 eva-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

