<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1807594_0001213900-23-025655.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4339894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>286106</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>802037</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1134406</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1051949</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>961961</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-025655.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331172812
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-025655
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Malacca Straits Acquisition Co Ltd
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001807594
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MOTOR VEHICLES & PASSENGER CAR BODIES [3711]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39383
		FILM NUMBER:		23789355

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WICKHAM CAY II ROAD TOWN
		CITY:			TORTOLA
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			VG1110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		347-994-8318

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WICKHAM CAY II ROAD TOWN
		CITY:			TORTOLA
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			VG1110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-025655.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_malaccastraits.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ______, 20 ______, to ______, 20 ______. 

Commission
File Number: 

Malacca
Straits Acquisition Company Limited 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code : 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Units, each consisting of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one Redeemable Warrant MLACU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share MLACW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.: 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

The
aggregate market value of the registrant s outstanding shares of Class A ordinary shares, other than shares held by persons who
may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022,
as reported on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, was approximately . 

As
of March 30, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares, par value
 0.0001 per share, of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PAGE 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business. 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. 
 
 24 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 26 

PART II 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 27 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 
 28 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 28 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. 
 
 34 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information. 
 
 35 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 35 

PART III 
 
 36 
 
 Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 
 36 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation. 
 
 41 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 42 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 
 44 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 46 

PART IV 
 
 47 
 
 Item
 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules. 
 
 47 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. 
 
 47 

i 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This
Report (as defined below), including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of
the Securities Act (as defined below) and Section 21E of the Exchange Act (as defined below). These forward-looking statements can
be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, 
 expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, 
 predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable
terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but
are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other
statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations,
but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: 

our
ability to complete our initial business combination (as defined below), including the Indiev Business Combination (as defined below); 

our
 success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business
 combination; 

our
 officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or
 in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our
 potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

the
 ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our
 pool of prospective target businesses; 

our
 public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the
 lack of a market for our securities; 

the
 use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as defined below) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;
 or 

our
 financial performance. 

The
forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments
and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking
statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual
results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Should one or
more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material
respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities
laws. 

ii 

Unless
otherwise stated in this Report, or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association 
are to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association currently in effect, as amended by the First Extension Amendment
(as defined below) and the Second Extension Amendment (as defined below); 

ASC are to the FASB (as defined below) Accounting
Standards Codification; 

ASU are to the FASB Accounting Standards Update; 

ASM are to Argyle Street Management Limited,
an SEC-registered investment adviser and indirect member of our sponsor (as defined below); 

AVN are to PT Asia Vision Network, an Indonesian
limited liability company; 

AVN Business Combination Agreement are to the
Business Combination Agreement, dated March 21, 2021, we entered into with AVN and the other parties thereto; 

AVN Termination Agreement are to the Termination
Agreement, dated September 3, 2021, we entered into with AVN; 

board of directors, board or
 directors are to the board of directors of the Company (as defined below); 

business combination are to a merger, share
exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

Class A ordinary shares are to the shares of
Class A ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Class B ordinary shares are to the shares of
Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share; 

Closing are to the closing of the Indiev Business
Combination; 

Combination Period are to the period from the
closing of the initial public offering (as defined below) to July 17, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board), that the
Company has to consummate an initial business combination; 

Companies Law are to the Companies Law (2020
Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

Company, our Company, we, 
or us are to Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Companies Law are to the Companies Law (2020
Revision) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

Continental are to Continental Stock Transfer
 Trust Company, trustee of our trust account and warrant agent of our public warrants (as defined below); 

Conversion are to the conversion of Indiev
(as defined below) from a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of California into a Delaware corporation; 

Domestication are to the redomiciliation of
the Company from a Cayman Islands limited company to a Delaware corporation; 

DWAC System are to the Depository Trust Company s
Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian System; 

Earnout Participants are to the Indiev stockholders
immediately prior to the Indiev Business Combination); 

iii 

Earnout Shares are to the 20,000,000 additional
shares of New INDI (as defined below) common stock to which the Indiev stockholders have a contingent right in connection with the Indiev
Business Combination; 

Exchange Act are to the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended; 

equity-linked securities are to any securities
of our Company which are convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, ordinary shares of our Company; 

First Contribution are to our sponsor s
monthly contribution, as a loan of 0.03 for each public share not redeemed in connection with the First Extension Amendment; 

First Extension Amendment are to the first
amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, to extend the date by which we must consummate a business
combination from January 17, 2022 (which was 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering) to October 17, 2022 (or such
earlier date as determined by the board); 

First Extension Note are to the unsecured promissory
note, dated March 29, 2022, in the amount of up to 1,297,500 we issued to our sponsor in connection with the First Extension Amendment; 

First Extension Redemption are to the redemption
of 9,669,449 public shares for an aggregate amount of 96,761,060, or approximately 10.00 per share, in connection with the First Extension
Amendment; 

First Sales Earnout Year are to 12-month period
beginning with the start of the first calendar quarter starting after the Closing; 

FASB are to the Financial Accounting Standards
Board; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary
shares initially purchased by our sponsor in the private placement (as defined below) and, unless the context otherwise requires, our
Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our business
combination as described herein (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares
 will not be public shares (as defined below) ; 

GAAP are to the accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting
Standards, as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board; 

Indiev are to Indiev, Inc, a California corporation; 

Indiev Business Combination are to the transactions
contemplated by the Indiev Merger Agreement (as defined below); 

Indiev Merger Agreement are to that certain
Agreement and Plan of Merger with Indiev, Merger Sub (as defined below), the Sponsor and the other parties thereto, dated September 26,
2022 (as may be amended and/or restated from time to time); 

Indiev Registration Statement are to the registration
statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC (as defined below) on February 3, 2023 (File No. 333-269544); 

initial business combination are to a merger,
capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses; 

initial public offering are to the initial
public offering that was consummated by the Company on July 17, 2020; 

IPO Registration Statement are to the Registration
Statement on Form S-1 initially filed with the SEC on June 26, 2020, as amended and declared effective on July 14, 2020 (File No. 333-239462); 

iv 

initial shareholders are to the holders of
our founder shares prior to our initial public offering; 

Investment Company Act are to the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended; 

JOBS Act are to the Jumpstart Our Business
Startups Act of 2012; 

letter agreement are to the letter agreement,
the form of which was filed as an exhibit to our IPO Registration Statement; 

management or our management team 
are to our officers and directors; 

Merger Sub are to MLAC Merger Sub, Inc., a
Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company; 

Nasdaq are to the Nasdaq Capital Market; 

New INDI are to the entity continuing as the
surviving and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company at the closing of the Indiev Business Combination; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary
shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

PCAOB are to the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States); 

PIPE are to the purchase of a total of 1.5
million shares of the Company s Class A common stock (after giving effect to the Domestication) in a private investment in public
equity in the Company at 10,000 per share with aggregate gross proceeds of 15,000,000, to be consummated immediately prior to the Closing,
but after the Domestication; 

PIPE Investor are to Mr. Hai Shi, an individual; 

private placement are to the private placement
of warrants that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants
issued to our sponsor in the private placement; 

Promissory Notes are to the unsecured promissory
notes to the sponsor in the amount of up to 300,000, each, that were issued on August 2, 2021, October 20, 2021,respectively, the Frist
Extension Note and the Second Extension Note; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares
offered as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they were subscribed for in our initial public offering or thereafter
in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our
public shares; 

public warrants are to the redeemable warrants
sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are subscribed for in our initial public offering or in the open
market); 

Report are to this Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022; 

Sarbanes-Oxley Act are to the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002; 

SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission; 

Second Contribution are to our sponsor s
monthly contribution, as a loan of, 0.033 for each public share not redeemed in connection with the Second Extension Amendment; 

v 

Second Extension Amendment are to the
second amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, to extend the date by which we must consummate a
business combination from October 17, 2022 to July 17, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by our sponsor). 

Second Extension Note are to the unsecured
promissory note, dated October 17, 2022, in the amount of up to 153 655, we issued to our sponsor in connection with the Second Extension
Amendment; 

Second Extension Redemption are to the redemption
of 4,188,197, for a total of 43,282,728, or approximately 10.33 per public share, in connection with the Second Extension Amendment. 

Securities Act are to the Securities Act of
1933, as amended; 

sponsor are to Malacca Straits Management Company
Limited, a BVI business company with limited liability; 

trust account are to the U.S.-based trust account
in which an amount of 143,750,000 from the net proceeds of the sales of the units (as defined below) in the initial public offering
and private placement warrants was placed following the closing of the initial public offering; 

TIH are to TIH Limited, a Singapore-listed closed-end fund
formed in 1994; 

units are to the units sold in our initial
public offering, which consist of one public share and one-half of one public warrant; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which
include the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants; 

Withum are to WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent
registered public accounting firm; 

Working Capital Loans are to funds
that, in order to provide working capital or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the initial shareholders
or an affiliate of the initial shareholders or certain of our directors and officers may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company ;
and 

Working Capital Notes are to the unsecured promissory notes,
dated March 29, 2022 and March 31, 2023, each in the amount of up to 1,000,000 we issued to our sponsor. 

vi 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS. 

General 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on July 17, 2019 as a Cayman Islands exempted company and formed for the purpose of effecting
an initial business combination. We have generated no revenues to date and we will not generate operating revenues until we consummate
our initial business combination. Since our initial public offering (as described below), we have focused our search for an initial business
combination on businesses that may provide significant opportunities for attractive investor returns. Our efforts to identify a prospective
target business are not limited to a particular industry or geographic region, although we expect to focus on a target in an industry
where we believe our management team and founders expertise will provide us with a competitive advantage, including businesses
which are currently part of Southeast Asian business conglomerates in the media, food processing, renewable energy and healthcare industries,
which we believe can be positioned for success in Southeast Asian markets, as well as other Asian markets and beyond. 

Initial
Public Offering 

On
July 17, 2020, we consummated our initial public offering of 12,500,000 units. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par
value 0.0001 per share, and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one
Class A ordinary share for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 125,000,000. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, we completed the private sale of an aggregate of 4,000,000 warrants to our sponsor at
a purchase price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds to us of 4,000,000. 

On
July 21, 2020, we consummated the sale of an additional 1,875,000 units that were subject to the underwriters over-allotment option
at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 18,750,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the sale of additional units, we consummated
the sale of an additional 375,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating total proceeds
of 375,000. Following the closing of the over-allotment option and sale of additional private placement warrants, an aggregate amount
of 143,750,000 was placed in the trust account with Continental acting as trustee. 

A
total of 125,000,000, comprised of 122,500,000 of the proceeds from the initial public offering and 2,500,000 of the proceeds of the
sale of the private placement warrants units was placed in the trust account maintained by Continental, acting as trustee. 

It
is the job of our sponsor and management team to complete our initial business combination. Our management team is led by Gordon Lo,
our Chief Executive Officer and President, and Stanley Wang, our Chief Financial Officer. We must complete our initial business combination
by July 17, 2023 (if we fully extend, as described further below). If our initial business combination is not consummated by the end
of the Combination Period, then our existence will terminate, and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account. 

Extension
Amendments and Redemptions 

On
December 27, 2021, we held our 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders and approved, among other things, an amendment to the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which we must consummate a business combination.
The First Extension Amendment extended the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from January 17, 2022
(which was 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering) to October 17, 2022 (or such earlier date as determined by the
board). In connection with the First Extension Amendment, shareholders holding 9,669,449 public shares exercised their right to
redeem such public shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account. On January 7, 2022, we paid from the trust account an
aggregate amount of 96,761,060, or approximately 10.00 per share to redeeming shareholders in the First Extension Redemption. For
each one-month extension, our sponsor agreed to contribute to the Company, as a loan, 0.03 for each public share not redeemed in
connection with the First Extension Amendment. First Contributions in the amount of 141,167 were paid monthly through our extension
date in October 2022. 

1 

On
October 12, 2022, we held our 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders and approved, among other things, an amendment to the amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by which the Company must consummate an initial business combination.
The Second Extension Amendment extended the date by which we must consummate an initial business combination from October 17, 2022 to
July 17, 2023 (or such earlier date as determined by the board). In connection with the Second Extension Amendment, shareholders holding
4,188,197 public shares exercised their right to redeem such public shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account. In October 2022,
we paid from the trust account an aggregate amount of 43,282,728, or approximately 10.33 per share, to redeeming shareholders in the
Second Extension Redemption. For each one-month extension, our sponsor agreed to contribute to us, as a loan, 0.033 for each public
share not redeemed in connection with the Second Extension Amendment. Second Contributions in the amount of 153,655 are payable monthly
through end of our current Combination Period. Our sponsor has the sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional calendar
months until July 17, 2023. 

The
Company must consummate an initial business combination by July 17, 2023 (if the Company fully extends the term the Company has to complete
an initial business combination). If the Company has not completed an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the
Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible, but not more than
ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on
deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to the Company
to pay its tax obligations (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses which interest shall be net of taxes payable),
divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board
of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with
respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete an initial business combination
within the Combination Period. 

Our
sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation rights with respect to the founder shares if the Company fails to complete an initial business
combination within the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor acquires public shares in or after the initial public offering, such
public shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if the Company fails to complete an initial business
combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission
held in the trust account in the event the Company does not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period and,
in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the trust account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the public shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per-share value of the assets remaining available for
distribution will be less than the initial public offering price per unit 10.00). 

Our
Business 

We
believe that, with a population of 656 million and a nominal GDP of approximately 3.2 trillion in 2019, as reported in the ASEAN
Statistical Yearbook 2020 compiled by the ASEAN Secretariat, ASEAN, made up of Brunei Darussalam, Myanmar, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos,
Malaysia, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam, is fast becoming a major economic force in Asia and a driver of global growth.
We are focusing on companies that have the potential for success in this region as we believe that such companies will benefit from a
young and growing population, robust economic growth and expansionary volume of trade in goods. According to the ASEAN Statistical Yearbook
2020, ASEAN remains one of the fastest growing regions in the world with economic growth continuing to average 5.2 , and is predicted
to become the fourth-largest economy in the world by 2030 after the United States, China, and the European Union. 

2 

We
believe that we are uniquely positioned to tap into what we believe is a de-conglomeration phase that business groups in Southeast
Asia are currently undergoing, by leveraging our sponsor s, affiliates and management team s long investment track
record and deep network of relationships in Southeast Asia. 

ASM,
an SEC-registered investment adviser and indirect member of our sponsor, was founded in Hong Kong, China in 2002 as a pan-Asia special
situations investor. ASM manages approximately 1.9 billion and has over 50 employees in offices in Hong Kong, Thailand, Indonesia,
the Philippines, Singapore and the United States. ASM has long-standing strategic relationships in Southeast Asia, including with
family-owned business conglomerates, sovereign wealth funds and other Asian corporate groups. Such business relationships form the
backbone of ASM s long investment track record and deal-sourcing capability. ASM won the Eurekahedge Best Asia ex-Japan Hedge
Fund Award in 2011, AsiaHedge Fund of the Year in 2010 and Eurekahedge Best Asian Distressed Debt Fund Award in 2007. We believe ASM s
extensive investment experience, broad and deep relationships with Asian business groups, strong reputation, and support of its stakeholders
helps to give us a deep understanding of applicable regulations and policies, demographics and the political landscape in our target
sectors and regions. 

We
are also close investment partners with TIH, a Singapore-listed closed-end fund formed in 1994, with strong historical ties
to Singapore government-linked companies and focused on investment opportunities in Southeast Asia. Throughout its operating history
and investment experience, TIH has invested in a broad variety of sectors including Consumer Industrial Products, Healthcare, Technology,
Media Telecommunications, Food, Manufacturing and Chemicals, with a strong focus in Asia. TIH has extensive experience in cross-border private
equity investments and divestments including but not limited to restructuring, mergers acquisitions and joint venture opportunities.
TIH s largest shareholder is Lippo Group, one of Asia s largest and most diversified conglomerates, who are also among the
largest property developers and the largest healthcare groups in Indonesia. TIH Investment Management is an investment adviser to two
ASM funds, and the TIH and ASM investment teams have worked closely on deals together. We draw upon ASM and TIH s respective platforms,
infrastructure, personnel, network and relationships to provide access to deal prospects, along with any necessary resources to aid in
the identification, diligence, and operational support of a target for the initial business combination. We believe that we benefit from
ASM and TIH s investment experience across the sectors on which we focus. Both maintain extensive networks of relationships, and
we currently anticipate that ASM and TIH may, from time to time, assist us in the identification of assets or companies that may be appropriate
acquisition targets and in unlocking their long-term value. Neither ASM nor TIH are obligated to identify any such target assets
or companies or to perform due diligence on any acquisition targets. Any such activities are the responsibility of our management team. 

We
seek to capitalize on the strength of our management team and advisors. Our management team and advisors consist of professionals and
senior operating executives of various companies with decades of experience and industry exposure in media, food processing, energy and
healthcare. Based on our management team s and advisors extensive experience and industry exposure, we believe we will be
able to identify, evaluate the risk and reward of and execute on attractive acquisition opportunities. Our management team and advisors
are supported by ASM s and TIH s teams of investment professionals who each have meaningful investing experience and possess
extensive experience in corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, equity and debt capital markets, strategic consulting, and operations. 

AVN
Business Combination 

On
March 21, 2021, we entered into the AVN Business Combination Agreement with AVN, an indirect 99.99 owned subsidiary of PT MNC Vision
Networks TBK, an Indonesian public limited liability company, and new holding company for Vision+, Indonesia s fastest growing
OTT business and MNC Play, the 3 rd largest broadband and IPTV operator in Indonesia. Pursuant to the AVN Business Combination
Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, a newly-formed Cayman Islands subsidiary of AVN would merge with and
into our Company, with our Company surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of AVN, and with AVN becoming the successor US-listed
company to our Company. 

On
September 3, 2021, AVN and the Company entered into the AVN Termination Agreement in which AVN and the Company mutually agreed to terminate
the AVN Business Combination Agreement, pursuant to Section 9.1(a) thereof. 

3 

Indiev
Business Combination 

On
September 26, 2022, the Company entered into the Indiev Merger Agreement with Indiev, Merger Sub, our sponsor, in the capacity as the
representative thereunder of the stockholders of the Company (other than the stockholders of Indiev immediately prior to the Closing) and their respective successors and assignees) from and after the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Indiev Merger Agreement
(in such capacity, the Purchaser Representative ), and Mr. Hai Shi, in the capacity as the representative thereunder for
the Earnout Participants and their respective successors and assignees from and after the Closing (in such capacity, the Seller
Representative ). Capitalized terms not defined but otherwise used in the following description have the meaning ascribed to them
in the Indiev Merger Agreement. 

Pursuant
to the Indiev Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) prior to the Closing, Indiev shall convert
from a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of California into a Delaware corporation, and the Company will continue
out of the Cayman Islands and into the State of Delaware to re-domicile and become a Delaware corporation, and (ii) at the Closing, Merger
Sub will merge with and into Indiev, with Indiev continuing as the surviving entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and with
each Indiev stockholder receiving shares of Company common stock at the Closing, as further described below. 

The
Indiev Merger Agreement provides that the total consideration received by Indiev security holders from the Company at the Closing will
be a number of shares of Company common stock that have an aggregate value equal to 600,000,000 subject to adjustments at the Closing
to be decreased for the amount of the consolidated Indebtedness of Indiev and its Subsidiaries, net of their consolidated cash and cash
equivalents, as of the Closing and the amount of unpaid transaction expenses and transaction bonuses of Indiev and its subsidiaries as
of the Closing, and to the extent applicable and elected by our sponsor in accordance with the Sponsor Letter Agreement (as defined below),
increased by the amount by which the Company s transaction expenses exceed 5 million, with each share of the Company in the Merger
Consideration being valued at an amount equal to the price at which the Company will pay to redeem its common stock from its public stockholders
in the redemption for its initial business combination as required by its organizational documents, and with each Earnout Participant
receiving its pro rata share of the Merger Consideration. Additionally, after the Closing, the Earnout Participants shall have the contingent
right to receive up to an additional 20,000,000 shares of Company common stock (subject to equitable adjustment for stock splits, stock
dividends, combinations, recapitalizations and the like after the Closing) (from the Company based on the post-merger entity achieving
certain sales milestones or stock trading price milestones after the Closing. The Earnout Participants will receive 5,000,000 of the
Earnout Shares if the Company s consolidated net sales of electronic automobile vehicles for the 12 month period beginning with
the start of the first calendar quarter starting after the Closing is at least 400, at an average effective pre-tax sales price of 55,000
per vehicle, and will receive another 10,000,000 of the Earnout Shares if the Company s consolidated net sales of electronic automobile
vehicles for next 12 month period after the First Sales Earnout Year is at least 2,000, at an average effective pre-tax sales price of
 55,000 per vehicle. The Earnout Participants will receive another 5,000,000 of the Earnout Shares if the volume weighted average stock
price of our common stock is at least 12.50 per share for any 20 trading day period within any 30 trading day period beginning 150 days
after the Closing until December 31, 2024. The determinations with respect to whether the Earnout Shares will be managed by the Purchaser
Representative and the Seller Representative. 

A
copy of the Indiev Merger Agreement is filed as Exhibit 2.1 to this Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference, and
the foregoing description of the Indiev Merger Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

The
Indiev Merger Agreement contains representations, warranties and covenants that the respective parties made to each other as of the date
of such agreement or other specific dates. The assertions embodied in those representations, warranties and covenants were made for purposes
of the contract among the respective parties and are subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by the parties in
connection with negotiating such agreement. The Indiev Merger Agreement has been filed with this Report in order to provide investors
with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company, Indiev, Merger Sub
or any other party to the Indiev Merger Agreement. In particular, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
in the Indiev Merger Agreement, which were made only for purposes of such agreement and as of specific dates, were solely for the benefit
of the parties to the Indiev Merger Agreement, may be subject to limitations agreed upon by the contracting parties (including being
qualified by confidential disclosures made for the purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the Indiev Merger Agreement
instead of establishing these matters as facts) and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to the contracting parties
that differ from those applicable to investors and reports and documents filed with the SEC. Investors should not rely on the representations,
warranties, covenants and agreements, or any descriptions thereof, as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of
any party to the Indiev Merger Agreement. In addition, the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements and other terms of the
Indiev Merger Agreement may be subject to subsequent waiver or modification. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the
representations and warranties and other terms may change after the date of the Indiev Merger Agreement, which subsequent information
may or may not be fully reflected in the Company s public disclosures. 

4 

Voting
Agreements 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Indiev Merger Agreement, the Company and Indiev have entered into Voting Agreements (collectively,
the Voting Agreements with certain stockholders of Indiev required to approve the Transaction. Under the Voting Agreements,
each Indiev stockholder party thereto agreed to vote all of such shareholder s shares of Indiev in favor of the Indiev Merger Agreement
and the Transaction and to otherwise take (or not take, as applicable) certain other actions in support of the Indiev Merger Agreement
and the Transaction and the other matters to be submitted to the Indiev stockholders for approval in connection with the Transaction,
in the manner and subject to the conditions set forth in the Voting Agreements, and provide a proxy to the Company to vote such Indiev
shares accordingly (subject to the condition that the Indiev Registration Statement have been declared effective by the SEC, provided
that the covenants not to take certain actions to delay, impair or impede the Transaction as set forth in the Voting Agreements shall
take effect from the date such agreements are executed). The Voting Agreements prevent transfers of the Indiev shares held by the Indiev
stockholders thereto between the date of the Voting Agreement and the date of Closing, except for certain permitted transfers where the
recipient also agrees to comply with the Voting Agreement. 

A
copy of the form of Voting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.13 to this Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference, and
the foregoing description of the form of Voting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

Lock-Up
Agreements 

At
or prior to the Closing, certain stockholders of Indiev will enter into a Lock-Up Agreement with the Company (collectively, the Lock-Up
Agreements ). Pursuant to the Lock-Up Agreements, each Indiev stockholder party thereto agreed not to, during the period commencing
from the Closing and ending one year after the Closing (subject to early release if the closing price of shares of the Company common
stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, stock splits,
stock dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading period
commencing at least 150 days after the Closing or the Company consummates a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
with an unaffiliated third party after the Closing): (i) sell, offer to sell, contact or agree to sell, hypothecate, pledge, lend, encumber,
donate, assign, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, or otherwise dispose of or enter
into any agreement to dispose of, directly or indirectly, or establish or increase a put equivalent position or liquidate or decrease
a call equivalent position within the meaning of Section 16 of the Exchange Act and the rules of regulation of the SEC promulgated thereunder,
with respect to any Restricted Securities, (ii) enter into any swap or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part,
any of the economic consequences of ownership of such the Company restricted securities, or (iii) publicly disclose the intention to
do any of the foregoing, whether any such transaction described in clauses (i) or (ii) above is to be settled by delivery of the Company
restricted securities or other securities, in cash or otherwise (in each case, subject to certain limited permitted transfers where the
recipient takes the shares subject to the restrictions in the Lock-Up Agreement). 

A
copy of the form of Lock-Up Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.14 to this Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference,
and the foregoing description of the form of Lock-Up Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

5 

Non-Competition
Agreement 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Indiev Merger Agreement, Mr. Hai Shi, CEO of Indiev, entered into a non-competition and non-solicitation
agreement (the Non-Competition Agreement in favor Indiev and the Company and their respective present and future successors
and direct and indirect subsidiaries (collectively, the Covered Parties ). Under the Non-Competition Agreement, pursuant
to which Mr. Hai Shi agrees not to compete with the Company, Indiev and their respective affiliates during the two-year period following
the Closing and, during such two-year restricted period, not to solicit employees or customers of such entities. The Non-Competition
Agreement also contains customary confidentiality and non-disparagement provisions. 

A
copy of the Non-Competition Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.15 to this Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference,
and the foregoing description of the Non-Competition Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

Form
of Registration Rights Agreement 

In
connection with the Closing, the Company and certain of the Indiev Stockholders who are expected to be Affiliates of Malacca immediately
after the Closing will enter into a Registration Rights Agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which
such Indiev Stockholders will be granted certain registration rights with respect to their shares of the Company Common Stock received
as Merger Consideration as such terms are defined thereunder (including Earnout Shares), on the terms and subject to the conditions set
forth in the Registration Rights Agreement. 

A
copy of the Form of Registration Rights Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.16 to this Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by
reference, and the foregoing description of the Form of Registration Rights Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

Sponsor
Letter Agreement 

Simultaneously
with the execution and delivery of the Indiev Merger Agreement, the Company and our sponsor entered into a letter agreement (the Sponsor
Letter Agreement ), pursuant to which our sponsor agreed to, (a) consistent with that certain Letter Agreement, dated July 14,
2022, by and among the Company, our officers and directors and our sponsor, (i) appear at our shareholder special meeting for purposes
of constituting a quorum, (ii) vote in favor of the Indiev Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger
and the Domestication, (iii) vote against any proposals that would materially impede the transactions contemplated thereby, including
the Merger and the Domestication, and (iv) not redeem any Company common stock held by such person, (b) waive any adjustment to the conversion
ratio or any other anti-dilution or similar protections with respect to shares of Company Class B ordinary shares in connection with
the Transactions , and (c) provide for the election by our sponsor of certain options with respect to the satisfaction of Excess Purchaser
Expenses, including by increasing the Merger Consideration in accordance with the terms of the Indiev Merger Agreement. 

A
copy of the Sponsor Letter Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.17 to this Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference, and
the foregoing description of the Sponsor Letter Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

PIPE
Investment 

Simultaneously
with the execution of the Indiev Merger Agreement, the Company and Indiev entered into subscription agreements (collectively, the Subscription
Agreements with certain PIPE Investor for an aggregate for 1,500,000 shares of the Company s common stock, par value 0.0001
per share (the PIPE Shares ), at a price of 10.00 per share, for an aggregate of 15,000,000, in a private placement to
be consummated immediately prior to the Closing of the Transaction (the PIPE Investment ). 

The
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Subscription Agreements is conditioned on the substantially concurrent Closing and
other customary closing conditions. Among other things, each PIPE Investor agreed in the Subscription Agreement that it and its affiliates
will not have any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in our trust account held for its public stockholders,
and agreed not to, and waived any right to, make any claim against the trust account (including any distributions therefrom). In addition,
we granted certain customary resale registration rights to the PIPE Investors in the Subscription Agreements. 

6 

A
copy of the form of Subscription Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.18 to this Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference,
and the foregoing description of the form of Subscription Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference thereto. 

Amendment
to the Underwriting Agreement 

Simultaneously with the execution of the Indiev Merger Agreement, the Company and BTIG, LLC, as representative for the underwriters thereunder BTIG entered into an amendment (the Amendment to Underwriting Agreement to the underwriting agreement,
dated as of July 14, 2020, between the Company and BTIG (the Underwriting Agreement ), pursuant to which amendment, the Company
decreased the deferred underwriting fee payable to the underwriters of our initial public offering with respect to the Closing from 5,031,250
in cash to a total of 1,500,000 in cash and 200,000 shares of our common stock (the Representative Shares ), both deliverable
at the Closing, and in exchange therefore, we agreed to (i) eliminate our right to pay a portion of deferred underwriting fee to third
parties that did not participate in the initial public offering that assist us with our initial business combination, (ii) add BTIG and
the other initial public offering underwriters as a Holder party to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July
14, 2020, by and among the Company and our sponsor, with respect to the Representative Shares, which will become Registrable Securities 
thereunder, and (iii) in connection with the initial business combination with Indiev, provide access to, and cooperate with, BTIG and
its Representatives for its diligence review, use efforts to provide the initial public offering underwriters with comfort letters, negative
assurance letters and other documents from auditors and lawyers, and provide certain customary representations and warranties, covenants
and indemnification to the initial public offering underwriters. 

A
copy of the Amendment to the Underwriting Agreement is filed as Exhibit 10.19 to this Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated herein
by reference, and the foregoing description of the Amendment to the Underwriting Agreement is qualified in its entirety by reference
thereto. 

Other
than as specifically discussed, this Report does not assume the Closing of the Indiev Business Combination. 

Business
Strategy 

Our
business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company which is currently part of a Southeast
Asian business conglomerate in the media, food processing, renewable energy and healthcare industries, though we also look for opportunities
outside these sectors, which we believe can be positioned for success in Southeast Asian markets as well as other markets in Asia and
beyond, which is complementary to the experience of our management team. 

We
are focusing our target search on Southeast Asian business groups which we believe are undergoing a phase of de-conglomeration. We believe
that a number of business groups in Southeast Asia would be receptive to potential divestitures and de-conglomeration due to the
following reasons: (i) we observe that a high number of family-owned business groups in Southeast Asia are transitioning to a next
generation of leadership, resulting in increasing sophistication with regard to modern portfolio management and capital allocation theories,
and a better understanding of how divestments and spin-offs can help conglomerate performance; (ii) a stronger preference to form
dedicated professional management teams for specific businesses within the group; and (iii) estate planning for some family groups which
influences how business groups are split. 

Our
selection process also leverages our management team s, affiliates and investment partners broad and deep network
of relationships with other Asian corporates, business groups, and sovereign wealth funds. We utilize our unique industry expertise as
well as that of the ASM and TIH platforms, and their respective proven deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong pipeline
of potential targets. 

7 

Business
Combination Criteria 

Consistent
with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating
prospective target businesses. We have used and intend to continue to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating initial business
combination opportunities, including the Indiev Business Combination, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination
with a target business that meets some, but not all of these criteria and guidelines. 

Middle-Market Growth
 Business. We primarily seek to acquire one or more growth businesses with a history of good operating and financial results and
 with a total enterprise value of between 300 million and 500 million. We believe that there are a substantial number
 of potential target businesses within this valuation range that can benefit from new capital to scale operations and in turn yield
 significant revenue and earnings growth. We currently do not intend to acquire either a start-up company (a company that has
 not yet established commercial operations) or a company with negative cash flow. 

De-conglomeration.
 We believe that a number of business groups in Southeast Asia would be receptive to potential divestitures and de-conglomeration as
 a result of transitioning to a next generation of leadership and a better understanding of how divestments and spin-offs can
 help conglomerate performance as well as a stronger preference to form dedicated professional management teams for specific businesses
 within the group and estate planning for some family groups. 

Companies
 in Business Segments that are Strategically Significant to Southeast Asia. We seek to acquire those businesses that are strategically
 significant in Southeast Asia. Although we are focused on the media, food processing, renewable energy and healthcare industries,
 we may also look at businesses outside of these industries. 

Business
 with Revenue and Earnings Growth Potential. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have the potential for organic growth
 in revenue and earnings through a combination of both existing and new product development, increased production capacity, incremental
 marketing, expense reduction and synergistic follow-on acquisitions resulting in increased operating leverage. 

Strong
 Competitive Industry Position. We seek to acquire one or more businesses that have a leading market position or that we believe
 have an opportunity to develop such a position in their respective sector. We seek to acquire businesses that demonstrate advantages
 when compared to their competitors, which may help to protect their market position and profitability and deliver strong free cash
 flow. 

Strong
 target management teams . We seek candidates who have strong management teams with a proven track record of driving growth,
 enhancing profitability, making sound strategic decisions, and generating strong free cash flow. We diligence a target company s
 leadership team to evaluate if there are areas that need to be improved or require additional personnel. 

Appropriate
 valuations . We intend to be a disciplined and valuation-centric investor that will invest on terms that we believe
 provide significant upside potential with limited downside risk. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be
based on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the
event that we decide to enter into a business combination with a target business that only meets some but not all of the above criteria
and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet all of the above criteria in our shareholder communications related
to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that
we would file with the SEC. 

Our
Business Combination Process 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, including the Indiev Business Combination, we conduct a thorough due diligence review that
encompasses, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers,
inspection of facilities, as well as reviewing financial and other information which will be made available to us. We also utilize our
operational and capital allocation experience. 

8 

Our
acquisition criteria, due diligence processes and value creation methods are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to
the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as
other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. 

Sourcing
of Potential Business Combination Targets 

We
believe that the operational and transactional experience of our management team and advisor and the relationships they have developed
as a result of such experience, will provide us with a substantial number of potential business combination targets. These individuals
and entities have developed a broad network of contacts and corporate relationships around the world. This network has grown through
sourcing, acquiring and financing businesses and maintaining relationships with sellers, financing sources and target management teams.
Our management team members and advisor have significant experience in executing transactions under varying economic and financial market
conditions. We believe that these networks of contacts and relationships and this experience provide us with important sources of investment
opportunities. In addition, target business candidates are brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment
market participants, private equity funds and large business enterprises seeking to divest noncore assets or divisions. 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business combination target that is affiliated with our sponsor,
officers or directors or making the acquisition through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our sponsor, officers
or directors. While Indiev is not affiliated with our sponsor, officers, or directors, in the event we do not consummate the Indiev Business
Combination and seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm that
our initial business combination is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion
in any other context. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line
of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to
present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject
to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties
or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. 

At
the closing of our initial business combination, such as the Indiev Business Combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting
fee to ASM or TIH, or another affiliate of our sponsor. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide
us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that
we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial
consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will
be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions
that may present conflicts of interest. 

Other
Acquisition Considerations 

Members
of our management team directly and indirectly own our ordinary shares and/or private placement warrants, and, accordingly, may have
a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial
business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition
to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

9 

Each
of our directors and officers presently has, and in the future any of our directors and our officers may have additional, fiduciary or
contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present acquisition opportunities
to such entity. Accordingly, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, if any of our officers or directors becomes
aware of an acquisition opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations,
he or she will need to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such acquisition opportunity to such entity,
and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director or officer shall be disqualified or prevented from
contracting with the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director
shall have an interest be liable to be avoided. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which
he is interested provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by
the board of directors. We do not believe, however, that any fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our directors or officers
would materially undermine our ability to complete our business combination. 

Our
officers have agreed not to become an officer of any other special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities registered
under the Exchange Act, until we have entered into a definitive agreement regarding our initial business combination, such as the Indiev
Business Combination, or we have failed to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

Initial
Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair
market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not
able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to
acquire or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not intend to purchase multiple businesses
in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business
combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. Based on the valuation analysis of our management and board
of directors, we have determined that the fair market value of Indiev was in excess of 80 of the funds in the trust account and that
the 80 test was therefore satisfied. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, or our board of directors cannot independently determine the
fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm, another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type of company we are seeking to acquire or from an
independent accounting firm that the price we are paying for a target is fair to our Company from a financial point of view. If no opinion
is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of our board of directors, which will have significant discretion
in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary
greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials,
as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We
anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own
shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our
initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets
of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons. However,
we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of
the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the
post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example,
we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the issued and outstanding
capital stock, shares and/or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target.
However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business
combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less
than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company,
the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test.
If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate
value of all of the target businesses. If our securities are not listed on the Nasdaq after our initial public offering, we would not
be required to satisfy the 80 requirement. However, we intend to satisfy the 80 requirement even if our securities are not listed on
the Nasdaq at the time of our initial business combination. 

10 

Status
as a Public Company 

We
believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer
a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination. In this situation,
the owners of the target business would exchange their equity interests, shares and/or shares of stock in the target business for our
shares or for a combination of our shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. Although
there are various costs and obligations associated with being a public company, we believe target businesses will find this method a
more certain and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. In a typical initial public
offering, there are additional expenses incurred in marketing, road show and public reporting efforts that may not be present to the
same extent in connection with a business combination with us. 

Furthermore,
once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public
offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could
delay or prevent the offering from occurring. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital and
an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests. It can offer further benefits by
augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. 

While
we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential
target businesses may have a negative view of us since we are a blank check company, without an operating history, and there is uncertainty
relating to our ability to obtain shareholder approval of our proposed initial business combination and retain sufficient funds in our
trust account in connection therewith. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier
of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 17, 2025, the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering,
(b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer,
which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30 th ,
and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. 

Financial
Position 

With funds available for a business combination in the amount of approximately
 5,397,789, as of December 31, 2022, and 5,363,644 following the Second Extension Redemption, we offer a target business a variety of
options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations
or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio . Because we are able to complete our initial business combination
using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination
that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken
any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. 

Effecting
our Initial Business Combination 

We
are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations other than finding a business combination until we consummate
our initial business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial
public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be
paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may
be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such
companies and businesses. 

11 

If
our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for
payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares,
we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance
or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing
our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. 

Our
sponsor from time to time may be made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue, for a
business combination. 

We
may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial
business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the
amounts held in the trust account. 

In
the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our tender offer documents or proxy
materials disclosing the business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by applicable law or we
decide to do so for business or other reasons, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are no prohibitions on our
ability to raise funds privately or through loans in connection with our initial business combination. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq
rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair
market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable)
at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. The fair market value of the target
or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community,
such as discounted cash flow valuation or value of comparable businesses. Our shareholders will be relying on the business judgment of
our board of directors, which will have significant discretion in choosing the standard used to establish the fair market value of the
target or targets, and different methods of valuation may vary greatly in outcome from one another. Such standards used will be disclosed
in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

If
our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain
an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions for the type
of company we are seeking to acquire or an independent accounting firm, with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. We do not
intend to purchase multiple businesses in unrelated industries in conjunction with our initial business combination. Subject to these
requirements, our management will have virtually unrestricted flexibility in identifying and selecting one or more prospective target
businesses, although we will not be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operations. 

In
any case, we will only complete an initial business combination in which we own or acquire 50 or more of the issued and outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquire a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If we own or acquire less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a
target business or businesses, the portion of such business or businesses that are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company
is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. There is no basis for investors in our initial public offering to
evaluate the possible merits or risks of any target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. 

12 

To
the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages
of development or growth we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant
risk factors. 

In
evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct a thorough due diligence review which encompasses, among other things, meetings
with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal
and other information which will be made available to us. 

Any
costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination
is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack
of Business Diversification 

For
an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely
on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with
multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate
the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of
diversification may: 

subject
 us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the
 particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause
 us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team 

Although
we closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business, including the management team of Indiev, when evaluating the desirability
of effecting our initial business combination with that business, and will continue to do so if the Indiev Business Combination is not
consummated and we seek other business combination opportunities, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove
to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.
Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty.
While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business
combination, including the Indiev Business Combination in which Mr. Hai Shi will serve as Chief Executive Officer of Indiev post-Closing,
it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover,
we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of
the particular target business. 

We
cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The
determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business
combination. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that such additional managers will have the requisite
skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

13 

Shareholders
May Not Have The Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination 

We
may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule (as is the case in the Indiev Business Combination), or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or
other legal reasons. 

Under
the Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial business combination if, for example: 

we
 issue Class A ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of Class A ordinary shares then issued and
 outstanding; 

any
 of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by NASDAQ rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons
 collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise
 and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or
 voting power of 5 or more; or 

the
 issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 

Permitted
Purchases of our Securities 

In
the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may purchase
shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business
combination. There is no limit on the number of shares such persons may purchase. However, they have no current commitments, plans or
intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event our
sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating
to our initial business combination, such purchases could have the effect of influencing the vote necessary to approve such transaction.
None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares in such transactions. They will not make any such purchases when
they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by
Regulation M under the Exchange Act. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still
the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights.
We have adopted an insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods
and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with our legal counsel prior
to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as
it will be dependent upon several factors, including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances,
our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary. 

In
the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions
from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to
revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender
offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules
under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such
rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. 

The
purpose of such purchases would be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of
obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that
requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears
that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not
otherwise have been possible. 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our
securities on a national securities exchange. 

14 

Our
sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor,
directors, officers, or their respective affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us
directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with
our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates enter into a private
purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares
for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against the business combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom
to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may
deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a
public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor,
directors, officers, or their respective affiliates will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange
Act and the other federal securities laws. 

Any
purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under
the Exchange Act will only be made to the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor
from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical
requirements that must be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, directors, officers,
or their respective affiliates will not make purchases of ordinary shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of
the Exchange Act. 

Redemption
Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of
our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (which interest shall
be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein.
As of December 31, 2022, the amount in the trust account was approximately 10.43 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares.
Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial business
combination. 

Manner
of Conducting Redemptions 

We
will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion
of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination, such
as the Indiev Business Combination with Indiev, or (ii) by means of a tender offer if the Indiev Business Combination is not consummated.
The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made
by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms
of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under the law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions
and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our Company where we do not survive and
any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a
target company in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder vote to
approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder
approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the
tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on
Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq rules. 

15 

If
shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder
approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation
 of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file
 proxy materials with the SEC. 

We
expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we
expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice
of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently
intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we
are not able to maintain our Nasdaq listing or Exchange Act registration. 

In
the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection
therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. 

If
we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain an ordinary resolution under Cayman
Islands law, being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon
and who vote at a general meeting in favor of the business combination. In such case, pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered
into with us, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree) to vote any founder shares
held by them and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination.
We expect that at the time of any shareholder vote relating to our initial business combination, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
will own at least 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote thereon. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem
their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. In addition, our sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of a business combination. 

If
a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct
 the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file
 tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial
 and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the
 Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

Upon
the public announcement of our initial business combination, we or our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with
Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender
offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. 

In
the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days,
in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until
the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more
than a specified number of public shares which are not purchased by our sponsor, which number will be based on the requirement that we
may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately
prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that
we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may
be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered
to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial business combination. 

16 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would
cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination
and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock 
rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement
relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be
paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or
(iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event
the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption
plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount
of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted
for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 

Limitation
on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination if We Seek Shareholder Approval 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with
our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares,
and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination
as a means to force us or our sponsor or its affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market
price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares
sold in our initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased
by us or our sponsor or its affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting
our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, we believe we will limit
the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination,
particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net
worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including
Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors have, pursuant to a letter agreement
entered into with us, waived their right to have any founder shares or public shares held by them redeemed in connection with our initial
business combination. Unless any of our other affiliates acquires founder shares through a permitted transfer from an initial shareholder,
and thereby becomes subject to the letter agreement, no such affiliate is subject to this waiver.eliever, to the extent any such affiliate
acquires public shares in our initial public offering or thereafter through open market purchases, it would be a public shareholder and
restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to any Excess Shares. 

Tendering
Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights 

We
may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares
in street name, to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender
offer documents, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute
proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, rather than simply voting against
the initial business combination. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares
in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery
requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the
tender offer period, or up to two days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable,
to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period
will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders
at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders
well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation.
Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. 

17 

There
is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them
through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether
or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights
regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. 

Any
request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the
date of the general meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its
certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to
exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It
is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly
after the completion of our initial business combination. 

If
our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their
redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case,
we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. 

If
our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different
target until the end of the Combination Period. 

Redemption
of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we have until the end of the Combination Period to complete our initial business combination.
If we are unable to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period, we will: (i) cease all operations
except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including
interest (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number
of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders
(including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably
possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve,
subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable
law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we
fail to complete our initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by
the end of the Combination Period. However, if our sponsor, officers or directors acquire public shares after our initial public offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our
initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period. 

Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would (i) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to
allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our
initial business combination by the end of the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to the other provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-business combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class
A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) divided by the number of then issued
and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to
be less than 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right
is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement (described
above), we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares. 

18 

If
we do not consummate the Indiev Business Combination or any other initial business combination by the deadlines set forth in our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, we expect to use the amounts held outside the trust account 34,262 as of December
31, 2022) to pay for all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors,
if we do not complete an initial business combination prior to the end of the Combination Period although we cannot assure you that there
will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with
implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes,
we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. 

If
we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the
proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption
amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.43. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could,
however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We
cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.43.
While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors 
claims. 

Although
we seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities
with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited
to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the
trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management
will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed
a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.
Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In
addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising
out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption
of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, or upon the exercise
of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors
that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be
liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of
funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account
as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount
of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed
a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because we are a blank check
company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire,
the only third parties we currently expect to engage would be vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer or information and
technical services providers or prospective target businesses. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We have not
independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s
only assets are securities of our Company. None of our other officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

19 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy
its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors
would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect
that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to
us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance.
Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be
substantially less than 10.00 per share. 

We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify
the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors),
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We may
have access to use the amounts held outside the trust account 34,262 as of December 31, 2022) to pay any such potential claims, but
these amounts may be spent on expenses incurred as a result of being a public company or due diligence expenses on prospective business
combination candidates. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is
insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. In the event that our
offering expenses exceed our estimate of 650,000, we may fund such excess with funds from the funds not to be held in the trust account. 

If
we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is
not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency laws, and may be included
in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent
any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.430 per share to our
public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor
and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result,
a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed
as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our Company
to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. 

Our
public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earlier of (i) the completion of our initial
business combination, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination prior
to the end of the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination
activity and (iii) the redemption of all of our public shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the
Combination Period, subject to applicable law. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to
or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s
voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable
pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. 

20 

Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

Our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain certain requirements and restrictions relating to our initial public
offering that will apply to us until the consummation of our initial business combination. If we seek to amend any provisions of our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association relating to shareholders rights or pre-business combination activity,
we will provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with any such vote. Our
sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to waive any redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in
connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association provide, among other things, that: 

prior
 to the consummation of our initial business combination, we shall either (1) seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination
 at a general meeting called for such purpose at which shareholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote
 for or against the proposed business combination, into their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
 account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable) or (2) provide our public shareholders with the opportunity
 to tender their shares to us by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a shareholder vote) for an amount equal to
 their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net
 of taxes payable) in each case subject to the limitations described herein; 

we
 will consummate our initial business combination only if we have net tangible assets of at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior
 to or upon such consummation and, solely if we seek shareholder approval, obtain an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law,
 being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and
 who vote at a general meeting in favor of the business combination; 

if
 our initial business combination is not consummated prior to July 17, 2023 (if we fully extend the term we have to complete our initial
 business combination), then our existence will terminate and we will distribute all amounts in the trust account; and 

prior
 to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional ordinary shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive
 funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. 

These
provisions cannot be amended without the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares. In the event we seek
shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
provide that we may consummate our initial business combination only if approved by an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law,
being the affirmative vote of a majority of the ordinary shares represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon and who
vote at a general meeting in favor of the business combination. 

An
Amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 

On
November 16, 2022, the Company filed an amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with the Cayman
Islands Registrar of Companies, where it extended the date by which the Company has to consummate an initial business combination from
October 17, 2022 to July 17, 2023. 

21 

Competition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we are encountering intense competition
from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged
buyout funds, and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive
experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess
greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available
to us for our initial business combination and our issued and outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent,
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
negotiating an initial business combination. 

Indemnity 

Our
sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors)
for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction
agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.00 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public
share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,
in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity
of the underwriters of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Because
we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target
businesses to acquire, the only third parties we currently expect to engage would be vendors such as lawyers, investment bankers, computer
or information and technical services providers or prospective target businesses. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims.
We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy their indemnity obligations and believe that our
sponsor s only assets are securities of our Company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. 

Employees 

We
have two officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote
as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time
that our officers or any other members of our management team devote in any time period varies based on the stage of the business combination
process we are in. 

Periodic
Reporting and Financial Information 

We
have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the
requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act,
our annual reports, including this Report, contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public
auditors. 

We
will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials
or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business, such as the Indiev Registration
Statement. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending
on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the PCAOB. These financial
statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide
such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination
within the prescribed time frame. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation
will be material. 

22 

We
are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.
Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control
procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of
their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

We
have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange
Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing
a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial
business combination. 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such,
we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies
that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic
reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation
and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive
as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In
addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended
transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other
words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise
apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following July 17, 2025, the fifth
anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion,
or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our ordinary shares that is held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30 th , and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt
securities during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning
associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

Exempted
companies are Cayman Islands companies wishing to conduct business outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying
with certain provisions of the Companies Law. As an exempted company, we have applied for and have received a tax exemption undertaking
from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands,
for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be
levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations shall apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits,
income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax shall be payable (1) on or in respect
of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (2) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or
other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture
or other obligation of us. 

23 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS. 

As
a smaller reporting company under Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act, we are not required to include risk factors in this Report. However,
below is a partial list of material risks, uncertainties and other factors that could have a material effect on the Company and its operations: 

we
 are a blank check company with no revenue or basis to evaluate our ability to select a suitable business target; 

we
 may not be able to select an appropriate target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination in the prescribed
 time frame, such as the Indiev Business Combination; 

our
 expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses, such as Indiev, may not be realized; 

we
 may not be successful in retaining or recruiting required officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our
 officers and directors may have difficulties allocating their time between the Company and other businesses and may potentially have
 conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

we
 may not be able to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, including the Indiev Business Combination,
 or reduce the number of shareholders requesting redemption; 

we
 may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price that is less than the prevailing
 market price of our shares at that time; 

you
 may not be given the opportunity to choose the initial business target or to vote on the initial business combination; 

trust
 account funds may not be protected against third party claims or bankruptcy; 

an
 active market for our public securities may not develop and you will have limited liquidity and trading; 

the
 availability to us of funds from interest income on the trust account balance may be insufficient to operate our business prior to
 the business combination; 

our
 financial performance following a business combination with an entity may be negatively affected by their lack an established record
 of revenue, cash flows and experienced management; 

there
 may be more competition to find an attractive target for an initial business combination, which could increase the costs associated
 with completing our initial business combination and may result in our inability to find a suitable target; 

changes
 in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
 and complete an initial business combination; 

we
 may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete
 our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability; 

we
 may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial
 public offering, which may include acting as a financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement
 agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions
 that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives
 may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering,
 including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination; 

24 

we
 may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which
 may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all; 

our
 warrants are accounted for as derivative liabilities and are recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each
 period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock or may make it more difficult
 for us to consummate an initial business combination; 

since
 our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than
 with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering), and because our sponsor, officers
 and directors may profit substantially even under circumstances in which our public shareholders would experience losses in connection
 with their investment, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate
 for our initial business combination; 

changes
 in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations,
 may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results
 of operations; 

the
 value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the
 nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our common stock at such time is substantially less than 10.43 per share;

resources
 could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to
 locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not completed our initial business combination within the Combination
 Period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.43 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances,
 on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless; 

in
March 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to certain activities of special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures
that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase
our costs and the time needed to complete our initial business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete
an initial business combination. The need for compliance with such proposals may cause us to liquidate the funds in the trust account
or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose; 

if
we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities
so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead
liquidate the Company; 

to
 mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the
 Investment Company Act, we have instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held
 in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing
 demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination
 or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account,
 we would likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account than the interest
 we would have received pursuant to our original trust account investment, which would likely
 reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation
 of the Company; 

our
 ability to identify a target and to consummate an initial business combination may be adversely affected by economic uncertainty
 and volatility in the financial markets, including as a result of the military conflict in Ukraine; 

25 

our
 independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about
 our ability to continue as a going concern, since we will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating if we are unable
 to complete an initial business combination by July 17, 2023 (if we fully extend the term we have to complete our initial business
 combination); 

recent
 increases in inflation and interest rates in the United States and elsewhere could make it more difficult for us to consummate an
 initial business combination; 

if
 the funds held outside of our trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least July 17, 2023, our ability to
 fund our search for a target business or businesses or complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected; 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust could be reduced and the per share redemption price received by
stockholders may be less than 10.43; and 

our
 search for an initial business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate an initial business combination,
 may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and other events, and the status of debt and equity
 markets. 

Adverse
developments affecting the financial services industry, including events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance
by financial institutions, could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations, or our prospects. 

The
funds in our operating account and our trust account are held in banks or other financial institutions. Our cash held in non-interest
bearing and interest-bearing accounts would exceed any applicable Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insurance
limits. Should events, including limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments occur with respect to the
banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds, or that affect financial institutions or the financial services industry generally,
or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, our liquidity may be adversely affected. For example, on
March 10, 2023, the FDIC announced that Silicon Valley Bank had been closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and
Innovation. Although we did not have any funds in Silicon Valley Bank or other institutions that have been closed, we cannot guarantee
that the banks or other financial institutions that hold our funds will not experience similar issues. 

In
addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing
terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit
and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on terms favorable to us in connection with a potential
business combination, or at all, and could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity, our business, financial condition or results
of operations, and our prospects. Our business may be adversely impacted by these developments in ways that we cannot predict at this
time, there may be additional risks that we have not yet identified, and we cannot guarantee that we will be able to avoid negative consequences
directly or indirectly from any failure of one or more banks or other financial institutions. 

For
the complete list of risks relating to our operations, see the section titled Risk Factors contained in (i) our IPO Registration
Statement, (ii) our Quarterly Reports on Forms 10-Q and 10-Q/A for the quarters ended September 30, 2020, March 31, 2022, June 30, 2022
and September 30, 2022, as filed with the SEC on filed November 16, 2020 and as amended January 11, 2022, May 24, 2022, August 18, 2022
and November 15, 2022, respectively (iii) Amendment No. 2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2020, as
filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022, (iv) our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC
on March 31, 2022, (v) our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A, dated September 28, 2022, as filed with the SEC on September 29,
2022 and (viii) the Indiev Registration Statement. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to
time in our future filings with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. Additional risks could arise that may also affect our business or ability to consummate an initial
business combination. 

For
risks relating to Indiev and the Indiev Business Combination, see the Indiev Registration Statement. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES. 

Our
executive offices are located at Unit 601-2, St. George s Building, 2 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong, and our telephone number
is +852 21060888. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor at no charge. We consider our current office space adequate
for our current operations. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

To
the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors
in their capacity as such or against any of our property. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not
applicable. 

26 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

(a) Market
Information 

Our
units, Class A ordinary shares and public warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols MLACU, MLAC 
and MLACW, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on July 15, 2020, and our Class A ordinary shares and public
warrants commenced separate public trading on August 6, 2020. 

(b) Holders 

On
March 30, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, and two holders of
record of our warrants. 

(c) Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital
requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends
subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our
board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further,
if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by
restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

(d) Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

(e) Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

None. 

(f) Use of Proceeds
 from the Initial Public Offering 

For a description of the use of proceeds generated in our initial public
offering and private placement, see Part II, Item 2 of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30,
2020, as filed with the SEC on November 16, 2020. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the initial public
offering and the private placement as described in the IPO Registration Statement. Our specific investments in our trust account may change
from time to time. 

On September 16, 2022, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held
in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in a non-interest-bearing demand deposit account at JPMorgan Chase
Bank, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our
liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, the remaining proceeds from the initial
public offering and private placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

27 

(g) Purchases of Equity
 Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

On October 12, 2022, we held our 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders
and approved, among other things, an amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the date by
which the Company must consummate an initial business combination. In connection with the Second Extension Amendment, shareholders holding
4,188,197 public shares exercised their right to redeem such public shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account. In October 2022,
we paid from the trust account an aggregate amount of 43,282,728, or approximately 10.33 per share, to redeeming shareholders in the
Second Extension Redemption. 

The following table contains monthly information about the repurchases
of our equity securities for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 (a) Total number of shares (or units) purchased 
 (b) Average price paid
 per share 
 (or unit) 
 (c) Total number of shares (or units) purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs 
 (d) Maximum number (or approximate dollar value) of shares (or units) that may yet be purchased under the plans or programs 
 
 October 1 October 31, 2022 
 4,188,197 
 10.33 

November 1 November 30, 2022 

December 1 December 31, 2022 

ITEM
6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

All
statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this section
regarding our financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward- looking
statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or our management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements are based on the beliefs of our management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, our management.
Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed
in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf
are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. 

The
following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the consolidated
financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. 

Overview 

We
are a blank check company incorporated on July 17, 2019 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting an initial
business combination. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering
and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. 

We
expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
a business combination will be successful. 

28 

AVN
Business Combination 

On
March 21, 2021, we entered into the AVN Business Combination Agreement with AVN, an indirect 99.99 owned subsidiary of PT MNC Vision
Networks TBK, an Indonesian public limited liability company, and new holding company for Vision+, Indonesia s fastest growing
OTT business and MNC Play, the 3rd largest broadband and IPTV operator in Indonesia. Pursuant to the AVN Business Combination Agreement,
subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, a newly-formed Cayman Islands subsidiary of AVN would merge with and into our
Company, with our Company surviving the merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of AVN, and with AVN becoming the successor US-listed company
to our Company. 

On
September 3, 2021, AVN and the Company entered into the AVN Termination Agreement to mutually terminate the AVN Business Combination
Agreement, pursuant to Section 9.1(a) thereof. 

Indiev
Business Combination 

On
September 26, 2022, the Company entered into the Indiev Merger Agreement with Indiev, Merger Sub, our sponsor, in the capacity as the
representative thereunder of the stockholders of the Company (other than the stockholders of Indiev immediately prior to the Closing
and their respective successors and assignees) from and after the Closing of the transactions contemplated by the Indiev Merger Agreement,
and Mr. Hai Shi, in the capacity as the representative thereunder for the Earnout Participants and their respective successors and assignees
from and after the Closing. 

Pursuant
to the Indiev Merger Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) prior to the Closing, Indiev shall convert
from a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of California into a Delaware corporation, and the Company will continue
out of the Cayman Islands and into the State of Delaware to re-domicile and become a Delaware corporation, and (ii) at the Closing, Merger
Sub will merge with and into Indiev, with Indiev continuing as the surviving entity and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and with
each Indiev stockholder receiving shares of Company common stock at the Closing, as further described below. Simultaneously with entering
into the Indiev Merger Agreement, the Company entered into a Subscription Agreement with Mr. Hai Shi to purchase a total of 1.5 million
shares of our Class A common stock (after giving effect to the Domestication) in a PIPE in the Company at 10.00 per share with aggregate
gross proceeds to of 15,000,000, to be consummated immediately prior the Closing, but after the Domestication. 

For
a full description of the Indiev Merger Agreement and the proposed Indiev Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business. 

Extension
Amendments and Redemptions 

On
December 27, 2021, we held our 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders and approved, among other things, the First Extension
Amendment, which extended the date by which we must consummate a business combination from January 17, 2022 (which was 18 months from
the closing of the initial public offering) to October 17, 2022 (or such earlier date as determined by the board). Our sponsor had the
sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional calendar months until October 17, 2022. In connection with the First Extension
Amendment, shareholders holding 9,669,449 public shares exercised their right to redeem such public shares for a pro rata portion of
the trust account. 

In
January 2022, in connection with the First Extension Amendment, we paid cash in the aggregate amount of 96,761,060, or approximately
 10.00 per share to redeeming shareholders in the First Extension Redemption. For each one-month extension our sponsor deposited the
First Contribution of 0.03 per public share not redeemed in connection with the First Extension Amendment. The first such First Contribution
was due on January 17, 2022 in the amount of 141,167 and subsequent Contributions were payable monthly through the extension date in
October 2022 . Immediately after the First Extension Redemption, the amount in the trust account was approximately 47,087,905. 

29 

In
connection with the First Extension Amendment, we also issued the Extension Note, an unsecured promissory note, dated March 29, 2022,
in the amount of up to 1,297,500, to our sponsor. The proceeds of the Extension Note were used solely for extensions of the time period
we have to complete an initial business combination. 

On
October 12, 2022, we held our 2022 annual general meeting of shareholders and approved, among other things, the Second Extension Amendment,
which extended the date by which we must consummate a business combination from October 17, 2022 to July 17, 2023 (or such earlier date
as determined by the board). Our sponsor has sole discretion whether to continue extending for additional calendar months until July
17, 2023. In connection with the Second Extension Redemption, shareholders holding 4,188,197 public shares exercised their right to redeem
such public shares for a pro rata portion of the trust account. 

In
connection with the Second Extension Amendment, we also issued the Second Extension Note, an unsecured promissory note, dated October
17, 2022, in the amount of up to 153 655, to our sponsor. The proceeds of the Second Extension Note have been and will continue to be
used solely for extensions of the time period we have to complete an initial business combination. 

Results
of Operations 

We
have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December
31, 2022 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the initial public offering. We do not expect to generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in
the form of interest income on marketable securities held after the initial public offering. We expect that we will incur increased expenses
as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence
expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, a business combination. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 3,008,083, which consists of a gain due to changes in fair value of warrant liabilities
of 4,497,031, operating expenses of 1,759,463, offset by interest and dividends earned on marketable securities held in the trust account
of 270,514. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had net income of 6,050,466, which consists of a gain due to changes in fair value of warrant liabilities
of 7,457,876, operating expenses of 1,440,989, offset by interest earned from bank of 3 and interest earned on marketable securities
held in the trust account of 33,576. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On
July 17, 2020, we consummated the initial public offering of 12,500,000 units, and on July 21, 2020, we consummated the sale of an additional
1,875,000 units, which included the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per unit, generating
aggregate gross proceeds of 143,750,000. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-half
of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A ordinary share for 11.50
per share. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering and the full exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated
the sale of an aggregate of 4,375,000 private placement warrants to our sponsor in the private placement at a price of 1.00 per warrant,
generating aggregate gross proceeds of 4,375,000. 

Following
the initial public offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option and the private placement, a total of 143,750,000 was placed
in the trust account. We incurred 8,394,954 in transaction costs, including 2,875,000 of underwriting fees, 5,031,250 of deferred
underwriting fees and 488,704 of other offering costs in connection with the initial public offering and the private placement. Of these
amounts, transactions costs of 186,456 attributable to the issuance of the warrants were expensed during 2020. 

30 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating activities was 1,388,732. Net income of 3,008,083 primarily related
to the income from change in fair market value of derivative warrant liabilities of 4,497,031 interest and dividends earned on marketable
securities of 270,514 and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which used 370,730 of cash from operating activities. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 5,397,789 and 143,849,320, respectively.
We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the
trust account (less taxes payable (if applicable) and deferred underwriting commissions) to complete our business combination. To the
extent that our shares or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds
held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the post-business combination entity, make other
acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

At
December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had cash of 34,262 and 112,687, respectively, held outside of the trust account. We intend to use the
funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective
target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives
or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business
combination. 

In
order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans, as may
be required. If we complete a business combination, we may repay any such Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account
released to us. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay any such Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to
 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants. 

Other
than as disclosed in this Report, we do not presently believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures
required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due
diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available
to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete
our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our business
combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. 

We issued the Promissory Notes
to the sponsor, which consist of (i) two unsecured promissory notes in the amount of up to 300,000, each, which were issued on August
2, 2021 and October 20, 2021, respectively, (ii) the First Extension Note, an unsecured promissory note, in the amount of up to 1,297,500,
and (iii) the Second Extension Note, an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 153,655. The Promissory
Notes are non-interest bearing and payable at the earlier of (a) the date on which the initial business combination is completed and (b)
the date of liquidation of the Company. The Promissory Notes are not convertible into equity or warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had 3,232,050 and 600,000, respectively, outstanding borrowings under the Promissory Notes. 

31 

On March 29, 2022, we issued a Working Capital Note, an unsecured promissory
note in the amount of up to 1,000,000, to our sponsor. On March 31, 2023, we issued another Working Capital Note, an unsecured promissory
note in the amount of up to 1,000,000, to our sponsor. The proceeds of both Working Capital Notes will be used for costs in connection
with our initial business combination or as general working capital. 

On September 16, 2022, we instructed Continental to liquidate the investments held
in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in a non-interest-bearing demand deposit account at JPMorgan Chase
Bank, with Continental continuing to act as trustee, until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our
liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the trust account, the remaining proceeds from the initial
public offering and private placement are no longer invested in U.S. government securities or money market funds. 

Going
Concern 

In
connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU Topic 2014-15, Disclosures of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have determined that we do not currently
have adequate liquidity to sustain operations, which consist solely of pursuing an initial business combination. While we expect to
have sufficient access to additional sources of capital if necessary, there is no current commitment on the part of any financing
source to provide additional capital and no assurances can be provided that such additional capital will ultimately be available.
Additionally, we have determined that if we are unable to complete a business combination by the end of the Combination Period, then
the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory
liquidation and subsequent redemption of shares raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate
the end of the Combination Period. We intend to complete a business combination before the mandatory liquidation date. Our
independent registered public accounting firm, Withum, in its report on the consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in
this Report have expressed substantial doubt about ability to continue as a going concern. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Financing Arrangements 

We
have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not
participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable
interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered
into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other
entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than as described
below. 

32 

The underwriters are entitled
to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit, or 5,031,250 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the
amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting
agreement. A portion of such amount, not to exceed 25 of the total amount of the deferred fee held in the trust account, may be re-allocated
or paid to unaffiliated thirds parties that assist us in consummating a business combination. The election to re-allocate or make any
such payments to unaffiliated third parties will be solely at the discretion our management team, and such unaffiliated third parties
will be selected by the management team in their sole and absolute discretion. 

Pursuant to the Amendment
to Underwriting Agreement entered on September 26, 2022, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of a total of 1,500,000 in
cash and 200,000 shares of our common stock. The deferred fee will become deliverable at this specific Closing, subject to the terms of the Underwriting
Agreement and the Amendment to the Underwriting Agreement. 

Pursuant
to a registration rights agreement entered into on July 14, 2020, the holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any
warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise
of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans and upon conversion of the founder
shares) are entitled to registration rights requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only
after conversion to the Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding
short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights
with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a business combination and rights to require us to register
for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated
damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in
connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Critical
Accounting Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have
not identified any critical accounting estimates. 

Factors
That May Adversely Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our
results of operations and our ability to complete an initial business combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could
cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted
by, among other things, downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in
interest rates, supply chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic,
including resurgences and the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in Ukraine. We cannot
at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they
may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

33 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise
required under this Item. 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Reference
is made to pages F-1 through F-21, comprising a portion of this Report, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the
effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15I and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of December 31, 2022. 

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and
procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the
disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there
are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure
controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated
goals under all potential future conditions. 

34 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 

As
required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e)
under the Exchange Act) our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control
over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(1) 
 pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of our company, 

(2) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
 with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors,
 and 

(3) 
 provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements.
Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because
of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set
forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework
(2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that we maintained effective internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022. 

Management
has concluded that our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Report are fairly stated in all material respects in
accordance with GAAP for each of the periods presented therein. 

This
Report does not include an attestation report of internal controls from our independent registered public accounting firm due to our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
have been no changes to our internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 that materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 

Not
applicable. 

35 

PART
III 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Directors
and Executive Officers 

As
of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Gordon
 Lo 
 
 45 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, President and Director 
 
 Stanley
 Wang 
 
 57 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Vince
 Ming Shu Leung 
 
 46 
 
 Director 
 
 Ping
 He 
 
 38 
 
 Director 
 
 Eugene
 Ty Tan 
 
 59 
 
 Director 

The
experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: 

Mr. Gordon
Lo , our Chief Executive Officer, President and a director since February 2022, has been the Chief Financial Officer and
Chief Operating Officer of Donaco International Limited (ASX: DNA), a company engaged in leisure and entertainment businesses in
the Asia-Pacific region, since January 2020. Prior to that, he was the Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of China Ruifeng
Renewable Energy Holdings Limited (0527.HK), a company principally engaged in the operation of wind farms in China, from December 2018
to December 2019. From August 2018 to November 2018, Mr. Lo served as the Financial Controller of VHQ Hong Kong
Holdings Ltd. (VHQ-KY 4803), a media company with operations in China, Malaysia and Singapore. Mr. Lo was the Regional Tax
Director (Asia-Pacific) of W.L. Gore Associates (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholesale distributor of piece goods or yard
goods of natural or manmade fibers, from September 2014 to February 2018. Mr. Lo is a fellow member of Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a certified public accountant in Hong Kong, and a fellow member of The Association
of Chartered Certified Accountants and a Certified Chartered Accountant in the U.K. Mr. Lo received his Bachelor of Business
Administration degree in Accountancy from the City University of Hong Kong and his Master of Science degree in Investment Management
from Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Mr. Lo is well-qualified to serve on the Board due to his extensive
corporate finance and publicly-listed company experience. 

Stanley
Wang , our Chief Financial Officer and a director since July 14, 2020, has been the founder and managing director of K2 Venture
Capital Company Limited, a venture capital investment company focused on investments in financial technologies and artificial intelligence
opportunities in Southeast Asia. Since 2017, Mr. Wang has also been serving as a consultant and management investment committee
member of TIH, where he provides consultation and approves investments. Prior to that, Mr. Wang served as a director of several
technology startups and media companies, serving as a managing director at Emerging Asia Capital Partners, a Thailand-based project
financing advisory firm, from 2015 to 2016, a senior financial advisor to Italian-Thai Development, a civil infrastructure and construction
group, and to the group s founding family from 2004 to 2013, and the managing director to PK Development Pty Ltd, a property development
company in South Africa, from 1996 to 2003, respectively. Prior to that, Mr. Wang was an executive director at Goldman Sachs (Asia)
Limited, Hong Kong and Singapore from 1992 to 1995, a senior associate at Morgan Stanley (Asia) Limited, Hong Kong from 1990
to 1992, and an associate at Morgan Stanley Real Estate International, New York from 1988 to 1990, where he was involved in
both real estate investment banking and project finance. Mr. Wang earned a Bachelor s degree in Economics and Finance from
The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA degree from The University of Chicago. Mr. Wang is well qualified
to serve on our board due to his extensive finance and investment experience, as well as his experience with conglomerates. 

36 

Vince
Ming Shu Leung , one of our directors since July 2022, has been the group Chief Financial Officer, a member of strategy committee
of 58 Group, a leading classified information internet platform in China and managing partner of 58 Industry Fund, an investment fund
under 58.com Inc., where he is mainly responsible for overseeing overall financial and legal functions and strategic investment and management
of the 58 Industry Fund, since April 2021. He has been serving as a founding and managing partner at Harmony Capital, a family office
PE fund with a focus on internet and consumer sectors in China, since February 2017. From January 2013 to January 2017,
Mr. Leung served as Chief Financial Officer of Visual China Group, a company mainly engaged in the image licensing businesses and
a public company listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. From January 2008 to December 2012, Mr. Leung
served as the Chief Financial Officer of China ITS (Holdings) Co., Ltd., a Hong Kong listed company mainly engaged in the provision
of intelligent transportation solutions covering expressway, railway and urban traffic sectors. From February 2003 to March 2006,
he served as a senior manager in the mergers and acquisitions department and subsequently as Chief Financial Officer at CDC Corporation,
a Nasdaq and Hong Kong listed group. From October 1999 to December 2000, Mr. Leung served as a senior consultant
at Arthur Andersen Co, where he was mainly responsible for providing business consultancy services. From September 1998
to August 1999, he was an auditor at PricewaterhouseCoopers. Since May 2022, Mr. Leung has been serving as an independent
non-executive director at Infinities Technology international (Cayman) Holding Limited (formerly known as Jiu Zun Digital
Interactive Entertainment Group Holdings Limited ), a company mainly engaged in the provision of mobile gaming solutions and a
public company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Since August 2021, Mr. Leung has been serving
as non-executive director of Gogox Holdings Limited, a company mainly engaged in the provision of logistic and delivery solutions
and offering platform services to connect transacting user and logistic and delivery service provider in the mainland China, Hong Kong,
Singapore, the Republic of Korea, and other Eastern and Southern Asian countries, whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange. Since December 2019, Mr. Leung has been serving as an independent non-executive director at Renrui Human
Resources Technology Holdings Limited, a company mainly engaged in the provision of human resources services and a company listed on
the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Since March 2017, he has been serving as an independent non-executive director
at Sun.King Technology Group Limited, a company mainly engaged in the provision of power electron capacitor and a public company listed
on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Since February 2013, Mr. Leung has been serving as an independent non-executive director
at Cabbeen Fashion Limited, a menswear outfit brand in China and a public company listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange. Mr. Leung has been a Fellow Member of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and the Fellow Member of the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants since February 2007 and June 2010, respectively. Mr. Leung obtained a First
Class Honor bachelor s degree in accounting from the City University of Hong Kong and a master s degree in accounting
from The Chinese University of Hong Kong. Mr. Leung is well-qualified to serve on our Board due to his expertise in corporate
finance and management and his extensive experience with public companies. 

Ping
He has been a director since inception and brings over a decade of professional experience in international finance and venture
capital. Since 2020, he has been serving as the head of finance at Osix Corporation, a growth capital financing company based in Silicon
Valley. Concurrently, he is an active startup investor and advisor in several international companies spanning e-commerce, gaming, fintech,
consumers and logistics, as well as a director of Labforinvention Corp., a novel materials research and development company, since 2019,
and a director at Alkymia SAS, an internet technology company, since 2017. Mr. He was a director at Quintus Partners LLC, a cross-border merchant
bank responsible for sourcing, due diligence and execution of M A and growth capital mandates, from 2017 to 2019. Prior to that,
from 2014 to 2015, he worked as a manager at Refinitiv, a global provider of financial market data and infrastructure, responsible for
identifying and developing technology-enabled business opportunities. Mr. He was an investment associate at ASM from 2012 to
2013, an investment banking analyst at Barclays from 2010 to 2012 and an analyst at NERA Economic Consulting from 2006 to 2010. Since
July 2022, Mr. He has been a director of Titans Labs Inc., a Delaware corporation for a tournament game that is under beta
development. Mr. He received his Bachelor s degree in Economics from The University of Chicago. He is also a CFA charterholder.
Mr. He is well qualified to serve on our Board due to his extensive advisory, board and finance experience. 

Eugene
Ty Tan , one of our directors since July 2022, has been the Co-Chief Executive Officer of Oriental Patron Asia Limited,
a financial services company, since April 2019. From January 2017 to March 2019, Mr. Tan was the Co-Chief Executive
of the Institutional and Client Group at Shanxi Securities International, a company engaging in the provision of securities brokerage
and investment advisory services. He was the Managing Director and Head of Investment Banking and Equity Capital Markets Asia
Department at Oppenheimer Investments Asia Limited, an investment advisory firm, from 2013 to 2016. From 2010 to 2012, Mr. Tan served
as the Managing Director, Greater China of Rothschild (Hong Kong) Limited, a financial advisory firm. From 2007 to 2010, he was
the Managing Director of Argyle Street Management, an asset management firm. Prior to that, Mr. Tan has also worked at various financial
services firms, including Goldman Sachs, Salomon Smith Barney, ING Barings, HSBC Investment Bank and Citibank, N.A. Mr. Tan
served as independent board member of KGI Holdings and KGI Thailand. Mr. Tan served as a member of the Hong Kong Trade Development
Council (HKTDC) Belt and Road Greater Bay Area Committee s Industrial Parks: SMEs Manufacturing Partnership and
Investment Task Force from November 2019 to December 2021. Mr. Tan holds an MBA with Distinction from Stanford Graduate
School of Business where he was an Arjay Miller Scholar and Deloitte and Touche Accounting Awardee. He also holds dual degrees in Accounting
and Finance, summa cum laude, from the University of the Philippines. Mr. Tan is a Certified Public Accountant. Mr. Tan is
well-qualified to serve on the Board due to his extensive corporate finance and publicly-listed company experience. 

37 

Advisors 

Kenneth
Ng has over 20 years of experience in hedge funds, private equity, equity derivatives, and buy-side investment banking. He is
the founder and managing partner of Ark Pacific Capital Management Limited, an asset management company licensed with the Securities
and Futures Commission in Hong Kong since 2014, with overall leadership responsibility in managing investments in growth, special situations
private equity and real estate investments across Asia. He has also been serving as the executive director of Sprint Power Technology
Limited, a consulting and engineering services company with a focus on low-carbon automotive technology, since 2018. From 2005 to
2014, Mr. Ng served as an executive director and a founding team member at Elliott Advisors (HK) Limited, the Asian arm of the global
multi-strategy hedge fund Elliott Associates, where he oversaw investments in public equities, public debt, private credit and private
equity in Asia. Prior to that, Mr. Ng worked as an associate director in the equity derivatives department at UBS AG from 2004 to
2005 and an associate at TPG Capital Asia, a private equity firm, from 2001 to 2004. Mr. Ng started his career in New York with
Merrill Lynch Co. from 1999 to 2001, where he worked on corporate finance transactions and mergers and acquisitions in the technology
sector. Mr. Ng graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Bachelor s degree in Computer Science and Engineering,
a Bachelor s degree in Management Science and a Master s degree in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. 

Kin
Chan is the founding shareholder of Argyle Street Management Limited, and has been the Chief Investment Officer since inception
in 2002. He is the Chairman of TIH Limited and a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of OUE Limited, both listed on the Singapore
Exchange. He is also a Non-Independent Non-Executive Director of CITIC Resources Holdings Limited, a Hong Kong-listed natural resources
company, and a Commissioner of PT Lippo Karawaci Tbk, an Indonesia-listed real estate company. Mr. Chan was Chief Executive and Managing
Director of Lazard Asia Limited from 2000 to 2001, and managed the firm s advisory business outside of Japan. Prior to joining
Lazard, Mr. Chan was an Executive Director at Goldman, Sachs Co, where he worked in Hong Kong, New York, and Singapore from 1992
to 1999. Mr. Chan earned an A.B degree from Princeton University and an MBA degree from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. 

Our
advisors assisted us in the completion of our initial public offering. We expect our advisors to (i) assist us in sourcing and negotiating
with potential business combination targets, (ii) provide business insights when we assess potential business combination targets and
(iii) upon our request, provide business insights as we work to create additional value in the businesses that we acquire. In this regard,
they fulfill some of the same functions as our board members. However, they have no written advisory agreement with us, nor do they have
any other employment or compensation arrangements with us. Moreover, our advisors are not under any fiduciary obligation to us nor do
they perform board or committee functions, nor do they have any voting or decision making capacity on our behalf. They are not required
to devote any specific amount of time to our efforts or be subject to the fiduciary requirements to which our board members are subject.
Accordingly, if our advisors become aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the entities to which they
have fiduciary or contractual obligations, they will honor these fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. We may modify or expand our roster of advisors
as we source potential business combination targets or create value in businesses that we may acquire. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors consists of five members. Holders of our founder shares have the right to elect all of our directors prior to the
consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote on the election of directors
during such time. Holders of our founder shares have the right to appoint all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business
combination and holders of our public shares do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. These provisions
of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90 
of our ordinary shares voting in a general meeting. Each of our directors will hold office for a two-year term. Subject to any other
special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority
of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board or by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. 

38 

Our
officers are elected by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms
of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers
may consist of a Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Assistant Secretaries,
Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a
limited exception, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be
comprised solely of independent directors, and Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised
solely of independent directors. 

Audit
Committee 

We
have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Leung, He and Tan serve as members of our audit committee
and Mr. Leung serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are
required to have at least three members of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions.
Each such person meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange
Act. 

Each
member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Leung qualifies as an audit
committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. 

We
have adopted an audit committee charter that details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent
 registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all
 audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged
 by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i) the independent auditor s internal
 quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer
 review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within, the preceding
 five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the
 SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including
 any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues
 regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated
 by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

39 

Compensation
Committee 

We
have established a compensation committee of the board of directors. Messrs. Tan and He serve as members of our compensation committee
and Mr. Tan serves as the chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we
are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee, all of whom must be independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions.
Each such person meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards applicable to members of the compensation committee. 

We
have adopted a compensation committee charter that details the purpose and responsibilities of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation
 (if any is paid by us), evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining
 and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

producing
 a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, other than reimbursement of expenses and as set forth below, no compensation of any kind, including
finders, consulting or other similar fees, has been or will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of
their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination
although we may consider cash or other compensation to officers or advisors we may hire subsequent to our initial public offering to
be paid either prior to or in connection with our initial business combination. At the closing of our initial business combination, we
may also pay a customary financial consulting fee to ASM, TIH or another affiliate of our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds
of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such
financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise,
as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate
an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for
similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit
committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. Accordingly, it is likely
that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review
and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant,
legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such
adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

40 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required
to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend
a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily
carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee.
The directors who participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Messrs. Leung, He and Tan. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have
a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by holders of our founder shares during such times
as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at an annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general
meeting). Holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess.
In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of
professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent
the best interests of our shareholders. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our
audit and compensation committee charters as exhibits to the IPO Registration Statement. You will be able to review these documents accessing
our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov and on our website at www.malaccastraits.net . Any amendments
to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics will be disclosed in a current report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION . 

None
of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or
any of their respective affiliates, has been or will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable
business combinations. In addition, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to ASM, TIH or another affiliate of our sponsor prior
to the completion of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide
us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that
we believe are necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial
consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will
be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions
that may present conflicts of interest. Our audit committee also reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor,
officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting,
management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known,
in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination.
It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time such materials are distributed, because the directors of the
post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to
our officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. 

We
do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation
of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment
or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting
a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business
combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any
agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

41 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 30, 2023 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares, by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each
 of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and 

all
 our executive officers and directors as a group. 

In
the table below, percentage ownership is based on 4,111,064 ordinary shares, consisting of (i) 517,314 Class A ordinary shares and (ii)
3,593,750 Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of March 30, 2023. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the election
of directors of the board, holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class, unless otherwise
required under applicable law. Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one
basis. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary
shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants
as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Approximate 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned 
 Approximate 
Percentage 
of Class 
 Number of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned(2) 
 Approximate Percentage of Class 
 Percentage of 
Outstanding 
Ordinary 
Shares 
 
 Malacca Straits Management Company Limited (3) 
 -- 
 -- 
 3,593,750 (2) 
 100.0 
 87.4 
 
 Gordon Lo 
 -- 
 -- 
 3,593,750 (2) 
 100.0 
 87.4 
 
 Stanley Wang 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Christian Jason Chan 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Ping He 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 
 Eugene TY Tan 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 
 -- 

All officers and directors as a group (5 individuals) 
 -- 
 -- 
 3,593,750 
 100.0 
 87.4 
 
 Fir Tree Capital Management LP (4) 
 909,508 
 (4 
 -- 
 -- 
 (4 
 
 Periscope Capital Inc. (5) 
 45,000 
 8.7 
 -- 
 -- 
 1.1 
 
 Glazer Parties 
 97,816 
 18.9 

2.4 
 
 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (7) 
 100,000 
 19.3 
 -- 
 -- 
 2.4 
 
 JPMorgan Chase Co. (8) 
 45,432 
 8.8 
 -- 
 -- 
 1.1 
 
 Nomura Holdings, Inc. (9) 
 135,854 
 26.3 
 -- 
 -- 
 3.3 
 
 AQR Parties (10) 
 57,927 
 11.2 
 -- 
 -- 
 1.4 

less
 than 1 

(1) 
 Unless
 otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is Unit 601-2, St. George s Building,
 2 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong. 

(2) 
 Interests
 shown consist solely of founders shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such ordinary shares will convert into Class A
 ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) 
 Mr. Ng,
 our Senior Advisor, is one of three directors of our sponsor and has the right to appoint a majority of the directors of our sponsor
 through an entity controlled by him. As such he may be deemed to beneficially own the securities held by our sponsor by virtue of
 such control. Mr. Ng disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by our sponsor other than to the extent of his direct
 or indirect pecuniary interest in such securities. ASM, as well as each of our officers and directors and our advisor are direct
 and indirect members of our sponsor, or have direct or indirect economic interests in our sponsor. 

42 

(4) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022, Fir Tree Capital Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership Fir
 Tree ), holds 909,508 Class A ordinary shares. The number of public shares held by the Fir Tree is reported as of December
 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by the Fir Tree in connection with the Second Extension Amendment or any
 other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, since the number of publics shares held by Fir Tree on December 31, 2022
 is in excess of the total number of public shares outstanding as of March 30, 2023, the ownership percentages have been omitted
 from the table as they would not accurately reflect Fir Tree s current percentage ownership. The principal business address
 of Fir Tree is 55 West 46th Street, 29th Floor New York, NY 10036. 

(5) 
 According
to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023, 29,200 Class A ordinary shares are held by Periscope Capital Inc. Periscope and 15,800 Class A ordinary shares are held collectively by certain private investment funds (each, a Periscope Fund ).
Periscope may be deemed a beneficial owner of the shares held by the Periscope Funds. James Wise, as Chief Executive Officer of the Periscope,
may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares held by Periscope. The principal address of Periscope, the Periscope Funds, and
James Wise is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. 

(6) 
 According
to a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 14, 2022 by (i) Glazer Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Glazer
Capital ), with respect to the shares of Class A ordinary shares held by certain funds and managed accounts to which Glazer
Capital serves as investment manager (collectively, the Glazer Funds and (ii) Mr. Paul J. Glazer Mr.
Glazer , together with Glazer Capital, the Glazer Parties ), who serves as the Managing Member of Glazer Capital,
with respect to the Class A ordinary shares held by the Glazer Funds. The number of public shares held by the Glazer Parties is reported
as of December 31, 2022, which does not reflect any redemption of shares by the Glazer Parties in connection with the Second Extension
Amendment or any other transactions after December 31, 2022. Accordingly, the number of public shares and the percentages set forth in
the table may not reflect the Glazer Parties current beneficial ownership. The principal business address of each of the Glazer
Parties is Unit 601-2, St. George s Building, 2 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong. 

(7) 
 According
to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 13, 2023 by Polar Asset Management Partners Inc., which serves as the investment advisor
to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund, a Cayman Islands exempted company PMSMF with respect to the shares directly held
by PMSMF. The principal address of Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. 

(8) 
 According
to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 11, 2023, 45,432 Class A ordinary shares are held by JPMorgan Chase Co., a Delaware
corporation., through its subsidiaries J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc. and J.P. Morgan Alternative Asset Management Inc. The principal
business address of JPMorgan Chase Co. is 383 Madison Avenue, New York, NY, 10179. 

(9) 
 According
to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023, 135,854 shares were beneficially owned by Nomura Global Financial Products,
Inc. NGFP ). NGFP is a wholly owned subsidiary of Nomura Holdings, Inc., which accordingly may be deemed to beneficially
own the shares beneficially owned by NGFP. The principal address of Nomura Holdings, Inc. is 13-1, Nihonbashi 1-chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo
103-8645, Japan. The principal address of Nomura Global Financial Products, Inc. is Worldwide Plaza, 309 We st 49th Street,
New York, NY 10019. 

(10) 
 According
 to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by AQR Capital Management, LLC, AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC, AQR
 Arbitrage, LLC, AQR Global Alternative Investment Offshore Fund, L.P. and AQR Capital Management GP Ltd (together, the AQR
 Parties ). AQR Capital Management, LLC is a wholly owned subsidiary of AQR Capital Management Holdings, LLC. AQR Arbitrage,
 LLC is deemed to be controlled by AQR Capital Management, LLC. AQR Capital Management, LLC, and AQR Arbitrage, LLC act as investment
 managers to AQR Global Alternative Investment Offshore Fund, L.P. AQR Capital Management Gp Ltd. is the general partner of AQR Global
 Alternative Investment Offshore Fund, L.P. The principal business address of each of the AQR Parties is One Greenwich Plaza, Greenwich,
 CT 06830. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Changes
in Control 

For
more information on the Indiev Business Combination, please see Item 1. Business . 

43 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

In
March 2020, the sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for 2,875,000 Class B ordinary
shares, or founder shares. In June 2020, we declared a share dividend of 0.25 of a share for each Class B ordinary share in issue, resulting
in the sponsor holding an aggregate of 3,593,750 founder shares. All shares have been retroactively stated to reflect the share dividend. 

The
sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any founder shares until the earlier to occur of (i) one
year after the completion of an initial business combination or (ii) subsequent to an initial business combination, (x) if
the last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share
consolidations, share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after an initial business combination or (y) the date following the
completion of an initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar
transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash,
securities or other property. 

On
March 31, 2020, we issued an unsecured promissory note (the IPO Note to the sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow
up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000. The IPO Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December
31, 2020 or (ii) the completion of the initial public offering. The outstanding balance under the IPO Note of 246,330 was repaid
upon the closing of the initial public offering on July 17, 2020. 

On
July 17, 2020, the sponsor purchased 4,000,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, for an aggregate
purchase price of 4,000,000. On July 21, 2020, in connection with the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in full,
the sponsor purchased an additional 375,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant. Each private
placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds
from the private placement warrants was added to the proceeds from the initial public offering to be held in the trust account. If we
do not complete an initial business combination by the end of the the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement
warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the private placement
warrants will expire worthless. 

If
any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity
to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to present such business combination
opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under
Cayman Islands law. Our officers and directors currently have and will in the future have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual
obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
will be reimbursed for any bona-fide, documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such
as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that are made to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates and determines
which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. 

At
the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay a customary financial consulting fee to ASM, TIH or another affiliate of
our sponsor, which will not be made from the proceeds of our initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. We may pay such financial consulting fee in the event such party or parties provide us with specific
target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources that we believe are
necessary in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee
we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to
the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present
conflicts of interest. 

In
addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us Working Capital Loans, as may be required.
If we complete an initial business combination, we would repay any such Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial business
combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay any such Working Capital
Loans but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be
convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the placement
warrants issued to the initial holder. The terms of such Working Capital Loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an
affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all
rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. 

44 

We issued the Promissory Notes
to the sponsor, which consist of (i) two unsecured promissory notes in the amount of up to 300,000, each, which were issued on August
2, 2021 and October 20, 2021, respectively, (ii) the First Extension Note, an unsecured promissory note, in the amount of up to 1,297,500,
and (iii) the Second Extension Note, an unsecured promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to 153,655. The Promissory
Notes are non-interest bearing and payable at the earlier of (a) the date on which the initial business combination is completed and (b)
the date of liquidation of the Company. The Promissory Notes are not convertible into equity or warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, we had 3,232,050 and 600,000, respectively, outstanding borrowings under the Promissory Notes. 

On March 29, 2022, we issued a Working Capital Note, an unsecured promissory
note in the amount of up to 1,000,000, to our sponsor. On March 31, 2023, we issued another Working Capital Note, an unsecured promissory
note in the amount of up to 1,000,000, to our sponsor. The proceeds of both Working Capital Notes will be used for costs in connection
with our initial business combination or as general working capital. 

After
our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees
from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender
offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will
be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial
business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and
director compensation. 

We
have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued
upon conversion of working capital loans (if any). 

We
have entered into indemnity agreements with each of our officers and directors, a form of which is included as an exhibit to this Report.
These agreements require us to indemnify these individuals and entity to the fullest extent permitted under applicable Cayman Islands
law and to hold harmless, exonerate and advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against them as to which they could be
indemnified. 

In connection with the First Extension Amendment, our sponsor agreed
to loan us the First Contribution, 0.03 for each public share that was not redeemed, for each calendar month (commencing on January 17,
2022 and on the 17th day of each subsequent month), or a portion thereof, that we needed to complete an initial business combination from
January 17, 2022 until October 17, 2022. The sponsor made aggregate First Contributions of approximately 1,411,665.30 0.03 per month
for each of the 4,705,551 Class A ordinary shares that were not redeemed). 

In
connection with the First Extension Amendment, we also issued the Extension Note, an unsecured promissory note, dated March 29, 2022,
in the amount of up to 1,297,500, to our sponsor. The proceeds of the Extension Note were used solely for extensions of the time period
we have to complete an initial business combination. 

In connection with the Second Extension Amendment, our sponsor agreed
to loan us the Second Contribution, 0.033 for each public share that was not redeemed, for each calendar month (commencing on October
17, 2022 and on the 17th day of each subsequent month), or a portion thereof, that we need to complete an initial business combination
from October 17, 2022 (the date by which we were previously required to complete our initial business combination) until July 17, 2023
(if we fully extend the term we have to complete our initial business combination). For example, if we take until April 17, 2023 to complete
our business combination, which would represent six calendar months, the sponsor would make aggregate Second Contributions of 0.033 per
month for each of the Class A ordinary shares that was not redeemed. Each Second Contribution has been and will be deposited in the trust
account within seven calendar days from the beginning of such calendar month (or portion thereof). The sponsor has made the deposits for
November, December, January, February, and March 2023. 

In connection with the Second Extension Amendment, we also issued the
Second Extension Note, an unsecured promissory note, dated October 17, 2022, in the amount of up to 153,655, to our sponsor. The proceeds
of the Second Extension Note have been and will continue to be used solely for extensions of the time period we have to complete an initial
business combination. 

For
more information on the additional agreements entered into in connection with the Indiev Business Combination, please see Item
1. Business. 

45 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Messrs. Leung, He and Tan are independent
directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our audit committee is entirely composed of independent
directors meeting Nasdaq s additional requirements applicable to members of the audit committee. Our independent directors have
regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Any
affiliated transactions will be on terms no less favorable to us than could be obtained from independent parties. Our board of directors
will review and approve all affiliated transactions with any interested director abstaining from such review and approval. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Withum for services rendered. 

Audit
Fees 

Audit fees consist of fees
for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum
in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with
the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were approximately 121,000 and 126,000, respectively. The above
amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. 

Audit-Related
Fees 

Audit-related
fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our
financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required
by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. For the years ended December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, we did not pay Withum any audit-related fees. 

Tax
Fees 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, fees for Withum were approximately 4,000 and 3,500, respectively, for tax
compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All
Other Fees 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by Withum other
than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 

46 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Report: 

(1) 
 Financial
Statements 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 100) 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 
 
 Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-7
 to F-21 

(2) 
 Financial
 Statement Schedules 

All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

Not
applicable. 

47 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated July 14, 2020, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC. (4) 
 
 1.2 
 
 Amendment to the Underwriting Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and between the Company and BTIG, LLC. (10) 
 
 2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and among the Company, Indiev, Merger Sub, the Sponsor, in the capacity as the Purchaser Representative thereunder, and Mr. Hai Shi, in the capacity as the Seller Representative thereunder.+ (10) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, filed on November 16, 2022 (12). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A ordinary shares Certificate. (2) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (included in Exhibit 4.4). (2) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement dated July 14, 2020 by and between Continental and the Company. (4) 
 
 4.5

Description of Securities. (5) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement dated July 14, 2020 by and among the Company and its officers, directors and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 31, 2020, issued to the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement dated July 14, 2020 by and between Continental and the Company. (4) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated July 14, 2020 by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated March 31, 2020, between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement dated July 14, 2020 between the Company and the Sponsor. (4) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (2) 
 
 10.8 
 
 Promissory Note, dated August 2, 2021, issued to the Sponsor. (6) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Termination Agreement, dated September 3, 2021. (7) 
 
 10.10 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 20, 2021, issued to the Sponsor. (8) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 29, 2022, issued to the Sponsor. (9) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 29, 2022, issued to the Sponsor.(9) 
 
 10.13 
 
 Voting Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and among the Company , Indiev, and the stockholder of Indiev party thereto. (10) 
 
 10.14 
 
 Form of Lock-Up Agreement, by and between the Company and the stockholder of Indiev party thereto. (10) 
 
 10.15 
 
 Non-Competition Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022, by and among the Company, Indiev and Mr. Hai Shi. (10) 
 
 10.16 
 
 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, by and among the Company, the Sponsor and Investors party thereto. (10) 
 
 10.17 
 
 Sponsor Letter Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2022 by and between the Company and the Sponsor. (10) 
 
 10.18 
 
 Form of Subscription Agreement, by and among the Company and the subscriber party thereto. (10) 

48 

10.20 
 
 Promissory Note, dated October 17, 2022, issued to the Sponsor. (11) 
 
 10.21 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 31, 2023, issued to the Sponsor. (13) 
 
 21 
 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (Embedded as Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
 herewith. 

Furnished
 herewith. 

+ 
 The
 exhibits and schedules to this Exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant agrees
 to furnish supplementally to the SEC a copy of all omitted exhibits and schedules upon its request. 

(1) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No: 333-239462), filed with the SEC on June 26, 2020. 
 
 (2) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No: 333-239462), filed with the SEC on July 6, 2020. 
 
 (3) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No: 333-239462), filed with the SEC on July 9, 2020. 
 
 (4) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 17, 2020. 
 
 (5) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2021, as amended. 
 
 (6) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 3, 2021. 
 
 (7) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 7, 2021. 
 
 (8) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 20, 2021. 
 
 (9) 
 Incorporated
 by reference to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2022. 
 
 (10) 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on September 30, 2022. 
 
 (11) 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022. 
 
 (12) 
 Incorporated
 herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on November 22, 2022. 

(13) 
 Incorporated herein by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on March 31, 2023. 

49 

MALACCA
STRAITS ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED 

INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID# 100) 
 
 F-2 
 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-7
 to F-21 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 

Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
consolidated statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern 

The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, if
the Company is unable to raise additional funds to alleviate liquidity needs and complete a business combination by July 17, 2023,
then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The liquidity condition and date for mandatory liquidation
and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans
in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from
the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to
assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable
basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2020. 

March 31, 2023 

PCAOB Number 

F- 2 

MALACCA
STRAITS ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 

December 31, 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets 

Cash 

Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Cash
 and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES,
 CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current
 Liabilities 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Promissory
 notes related party 

Promissory
 note - working capital 

Due to affiliate 

Class
 A ordinary shares tendered for redemption (Note 6) 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Derivative
 warrant liabilities 

Deferred
 underwriting fee payable 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, at per share as of December 31, 2022 and at per share as of December 31, 2021 

Shareholders 
 Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

() 

() 
 
 Total
 Shareholders Deficit 

() 

() 
 
 TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

MALACCA
STRAITS ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Years Ended 
December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income: 

Interest earned bank 

Interest and dividend earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair market value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Net Income 

Weighted-average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares

Weighted-average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

MALACCA
STRAITS ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR
THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2021 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Accretion of shares subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

MALACCA
STRAITS ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED 

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest and dividends earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Extension payments made into Trust Account 
 
 -

Withdrawal from Trust Account upon redemption of Class A ordinary shares 
 
 -

Net cash provided by investing activities 
 
 -

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory notes related party 

Proceeds from affiliate 
 
 -

Redemption of Class A ordinary shares 
 
 -

Net cash provided (used in) by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of year 

Cash Ending of year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

MALACCA
STRAITS ACQUISITION COMPANY LIMITED 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
DECEMBER 31, 2022 and 2021 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary
shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of which is described
in Note 3. 

per Unit) from the net proceeds of the
sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account (the Trust
Account ), located in the United States, which had been invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185
days or less or in money market funds selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the redemption of any Public
Shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association then in effect (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association to (A) modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with its initial Business Combination or to redeem 
of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below)
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity and (iii) the
redemption of all of the Public Shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period,
subject to applicable law. To mitigate the risk that the Company may be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment
Company Act, in September 2022, the Company instructed the trustee of its Trust Account to liquidate the assets held in the Trust Account
and instead hold all funds in a demand deposit account at a bank. 

Units issued for
an aggregate amount of . In connection with the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option, the Company also
consummated the sale of an additional Private Placement Warrants at per Private Placement Warrant, generating total proceeds
of . A total of was deposited into the Trust Account, bringing the aggregate proceeds held in the Trust Account to
 . 

F- 7 

, consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other
offering costs. Transaction costs of attributable to the warrants were expensed during the year ended December 31, 2020. 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable
on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business
Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the
issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not
to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance that the Company will be
able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held
in the Trust Account and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. The per-share amount
to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions
the Company will pay to the underwriters (see Note 5). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination
with respect to the Company s warrants. 

either immediately
prior to or upon such consummation of a Business Combination and after payment of underwriters fees and commissions or any greater
net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to the initial Business Combination and, if the
Company seeks shareholder approval, it receives an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law approving a Business Combination, which
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. If a shareholder
vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote
for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct
the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and file tender
offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required
by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other
reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed
to vote any Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) and Public Shares held by it in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally,
Public Shareholders may elect to redeem their Public Shares, without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for
or against a proposed Business Combination. 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

F- 8 

Public Shares exercised their right to redeem such Public Shares for a pro rata portion
of the Trust Account (the First Extension Redemption ). On January 7, 2022, the Company paid from the Trust Account an aggregate
amount of , or approximately per share to redeeming shareholders in the First Extension Redemption. For each one-month
extension, the Sponsor agreed to contribute to the Company, as a loan, for each Public Share not redeemed in connection with the
First Extension Amendment (the First Contribution ). First Contributions in the amount of were payable monthly
through the Company s extension date in October 2022 (if the Sponsor fully extends the term the Company has to complete an initial
Business Combination). The Sponsor had the sole discretion as to whether to continue extending for additional calendar months until October
17, 2022. 

Public Shares exercised their right to redeem such Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account (the Second
Extension Redemption ). In October 2022, the Company paid from the Trust Account an aggregate amount of ,
or approximately per share, to redeeming shareholders in the Second Extension Redemption. For each one-month extension, the Sponsor
agreed to contribute to the Company, as a loan, for each Public Share not redeemed in connection with the Second Extension Amendment
(the Second Contribution ). Second Contributions in the amount of are payable monthly through the Company s
extension date in July 2023 (if the Sponsor fully extends the term the Company has to complete an initial Business Combination). For
the year ended December 31, 2022, was borrowed under the Promissory Notes (see Note 4) and deposited in the Trust Account.
The Sponsor has the sole discretion as to whether to continue extending for additional calendar months until July 17, 2023. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses which interest shall
be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii)
as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and
the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination
within the Combination Period. 

F- 9 

). 

million shares of the Company s Class A common stock (after giving effect to the Domestication)
in a private investment in public equity PIPE in the Company at per share with aggregate gross proceeds to of
 , to be consummated immediately prior the Closing, but after the Domestication. 

, subject to the following adjustments: the aggregate value will be decreased by the amount of Indiev s indebtedness,
net of cash and cash equivalents, unpaid transaction expenses and transaction bonuses, in each case, as of the Closing, and the aggregate
value will be increased by the amount by which the Company s transaction expenses exceed million, unless the Sponsor elects
to instead pay such excess to the Company in cash to cancel a number of Class B ordinary shares of the Company held by the Sponsor equal
to the amount of such excess (with each Class B ordinary share valued at ). 

shares of New INDI common stock (the Earnout Shares as
follows: (i) the Earnout Participants will receive 5,000,000 of the Earnout Shares if the Company s consolidated net sales of electric
automobile vehicles for the 12-month period beginning with the start of the first calendar quarter starting after the Closing (the First
Sales Earnout Year is at least 400, at an average effective pre-tax sales price of 55,000 per vehicle, and will receive another
10,000,000 of the Earnout Shares if the consolidated net sales of electric automobile vehicles for next 12-month period after the First
Sales Earnout Year is at least 2,000, at an average effective pre-tax sales price of 55,000 per vehicle. The Earnout Participants will
receive another 5,000,000 of the Earnout Shares if the volume weighted-average stock price of New INDI common stock is at least 12.50
per share for any 20 trading day period within any 30 trading day period beginning 150 days after the Closing until December 31, 2024.
For more information about the Transactions and the PIPE, see the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the
SEC on September 30, 2022 and Form S-4 on February 3, 2023. 

F- 10 

per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account
as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the assets in the Trust Account, in each case
net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who
executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity
of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a
third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses
and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

in its operating bank accounts available to fund a Business Combination.
As of December 31, 2022, the Company s working capital deficit was approximately . In order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, may, but is not obligated to, loan the Company
funds as may be required Working Capital Loans (see Note 4). As discussed in Note 4, the Sponsor has advanced the Company
 through December 31, 2022 under the agreements for the Promissory Notes (as defined in Note 4). 

F- 11 

F- 12 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares tendered for redemption 
 -

Class A ordinary shares redeemed from the Trust Account 
 
 -

Accretion of shares subject to redemption 
 
 -

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

, of which was charged to ordinary shares subject to
redemption upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and of costs allocated to the warrants was charged to operations. 

F- 13 

Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not
have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share
in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted net income per ordinary share is the same as basic net income per ordinary
share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share

. Any loss
incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of
operations, and cash flows. 

F- 14 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). On July 21, 2020, in connection with the
underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in full, the Company sold an additional Units at a price of 
per Unit. Each whole Public Warrant will entitle the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject
to adjustment (see Note 7). 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for Class B ordinary shares
(the Founder Shares ). In June 2020, the Company declared a share dividend of of a share for each Class B ordinary
share in issue, resulting in the Sponsor holding an aggregate of Founder Shares. All shares have been retroactively stated
to reflect the share dividend. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares that were subject to forfeiture to the
extent that the underwriters over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares
would equal of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. In connection with the
underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option in full, Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

after the completion of the Company s Business Combination or (ii) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last
sale price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share
consolidations, share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within
any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the Company s Business Combination or (y) the date following the completion
of a Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Company s Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities
or other property. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . On July 21, 2020, in connection with the underwriters exercise
of the over-allotment option in full, the Sponsor purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a price of per
Private Placement Warrant. The Private Placement Warrants were deemed to be derivative warrant liabilities at issuance and recorded at
fair value. Amounts paid by the Sponsor in excess of the warrants fair value were treated as a capital contribution. Each
Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment
(see Note 7). A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering
held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the
sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law), and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. 

. The IPO Promissory Note was non-interest-bearing and payable
on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2020 or (ii) the completion of the Initial Public Offering. The outstanding balance under the IPO
Promissory Note of was repaid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 17, 2020. 

F- 15 

, , and , which were issued on August 2, 2021, October 20, 2021, March 29, 2022 and October
17, 2022 , respectively (the Promissory Notes ). The Promissory Notes are non-interest-bearing and payable at the earlier
of (i) the date on which the initial Business Combination is completed or (ii) the date of liquidation of the Company. The Promissory
Notes are not convertible into equity or warrants. As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company had and , respectively,
in outstanding borrowings under the Promissory Notes, including under each of the August 2, 2021 and October 20, 2021 notes,
and under the March 29, 2022 note, and under the October 17, 2022 note. On October
17, 2022, the Company issued a promissory note in the aggregate principal amount of up to to the Sponsor of the
Company in connection with Second Extension Amendment. 

, to the Sponsor (the Working Capital Note ).
The proceeds of the Working Capital Note will be used for costs in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or
as general working capital. The Working Capital Note is non-interest-bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against trust provisions)
on the earlier of (i) the date on which the initial Business Combination is consummated or (ii) the date of the Company s liquidation.
The Working Capital Note is not convertible into equity or warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans,
if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
had and , respectively, in outstanding borrowings under the Working Capital Note. The outstanding borrowings on the Working
Capital Note are included in the Promissory notes related party line item on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets. 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into
warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement
Warrants. 

for costs of certain
regulatory fees incurred by the Company. The Company will reimburse this amount to the affiliate in 2023. At December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the balance due to affiliate totaled and - , respectively. 

F- 16 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. As a result of the underwriters 
election to exercise their over-allotment in full on July 21, 2020, the underwriters were paid an additional cash underwriting discount
of . 

per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become
payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination,
subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. A portion of such amount, not to exceed of the total amount of the deferred fee
held in the Trust Account, may be re-allocated or paid to unaffiliated thirds parties that assist the Company in consummating a Business
Combination. The election to re-allocate or make any such payments to unaffiliated third parties will be solely at the discretion of
the Company s management team, and such unaffiliated third parties will be selected by the management team at their sole and absolute
discretion. 

in cash to a total of in cash and shares of the
Company common stock (the Representative Shares ), both deliverable at the Closing, and in exchange therefore, the
Company agreed to (i) eliminate its right to pay a portion of deferred underwriting fee to third parties that did not participate in
the Initial Public Offering that assist the Company with its initial Business Combination, (ii) add BTIG and the other Initial
Public Offering underwriters as a Holder party to the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2020, by and
among the Company and the Sponsor, with respect to the Representative Shares, which will become Registrable Securities 
thereunder, and (iii) in connection with the Transactions, provide access to, and cooperate with, BTIG and its Representatives for
its diligence review, use efforts to provide the Initial Public Offering underwriters with comfort letters, negative assurance
letters and other documents from auditors and lawyers, and provide certain customary representations and warranties, covenants and
indemnification to the Initial Public Offering underwriters. The amendment to the underwriter agreement has not been reflected on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022
since the revised consideration is only modified in connection with a specific transaction and not an unconditional waiver. This amendment
will be reflected upon the resolution of the contingent aforementioned specific Closing. 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and
other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and
2021, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and 
Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which are presented as temporary equity. In December 2021, and in connection with the
First Extension Amendment, shareholders holding Public Shares exercised their right to redeem such Public Shares for a pro
rata portion of the Trust Account and tendered the shares for redemption. Such Public Shares were redeemed in January 2022. In October
2022, and in connection with the Second Extension Amendment, shareholders holding Public
Shares exercised their right to redeem such Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the Trust Account and tendered the shares
for redemption. 

F- 17 

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary
shares are entitled to one vote for each share. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued
and outstanding. 

of the sum of all ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all Class A ordinary shares
and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the Business Combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked
securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the Business Combination and any private placement equivalent warrants issued to
the Sponsor or its affiliates upon conversion of loans made to the Company). 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. At December
31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the Public Warrants was and , respectively, and the fair value of the Private
Placement Warrants was and , respectively. 

after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 18 

per Class A
ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors
and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor
or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business
Combination on the date of the consummation of a Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted-average
trading price of its Class A ordinary shares during the 20-trading-day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which
the Company consummates its Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise
price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued
Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of
the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

F- 19 

in cash. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
Company did not withdraw any interest income from the Trust Account. In January and October 2022, and were withdrawn
from the account to redeem Class A ordinary shares tendered for redemption. 

in cash and in U.S. Treasury securities. 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants 
 2 

Derivative Warrant Liabilities Private Placement Warrants 
 3 

F- 20 

Expected
 volatility 

Risk-free
 interest rate 

Exercise
 price 

Fair
 value of the ordinary share price 

Change
 in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

() 
 
 Fair
 value as of December 31, 2021 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Transfer to Level 2 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 
 -

. 

to the Sponsor, the proceeds of which will be used for costs in connection
with a Business Combination and as general working capital. The 2023 Note is non-interest bearing and payable (subject to the waiver against
trust provisions) on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Business Combination is consummated and (ii) the date of the liquidation
of the Company. The 2023 Note is not convertible into equity or warrants. As of March 31, 2023, borrowings under the 2023 Note totaled
 . 

F- 21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Malacca
 Straits Acquisition Company Limited 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Gordon Lo 

Gordon
 Lo 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Gordon Lo 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Gordon
 Lo 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Stanley Wang 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Stanley
 Wang 
 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Vince Ming Shu Leung 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31 2023 
 
 Vince
 Ming Shu Leung 

/s
 Ping He 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Ping
 He 

/s/
 Eugene Ty Tan 
 
 Director 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 
 Eugene
 Ty Tan 

50 

<EX-21>
 2
 f10k2022ex21_malacca.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit
21 

SUBSIDIARIES
OF THE REGISTRANT 

Subsidiary 
 
 Place of 
 Incorporation 

Malacca
 Merger Sub, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_malacca.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 RULE
13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Gordon Lo, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Gordon Lo 

Gordon
 Lo 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_malacca.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 RULE
13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) 

 UNDER
THE 

 SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I,
Stanley Wang, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Stanley Wang 

Stanley
 Wang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_malacca.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited (the Company for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I,
Gordon Lo, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Gordon Lo 

Gordon
 Lo 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_malacca.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION
OF THE 

 PRINCIPAL
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT
TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Malacca Straits Acquisition Company Limited (the Company for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Stanley
Wang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 Stanley Wang 

Stanley
 Wang 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 mlac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 mlac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 mlac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 mlac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 mlac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

