<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1863719_0001410578-23-000402.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5158606</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>430358</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>877263</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1607512</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>886743</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1261977</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000402.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329174306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000402
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		46
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Everest Consolidator Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001863719
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				862485792
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41100
		FILM NUMBER:		23776377

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4041 MACARTHUR BLVD
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 610-0835

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4041 MACARTHUR BLVD
		CITY:			NEWPORT BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92660

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000402.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 mntn-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO Commission File Number: 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 92660 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None (Title of class) 

 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES NO As of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter), the aggregate market value of the registrant s Class A common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based on the closing price of the registrant s Class A common stock on that date as reported on the New York Stock Exchange). As of March 15, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock and shares of the registrant s Class B common stock issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

 PART I Item 1. Business 4 Item 1A. Risk Factors 20 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 52 Item 2. Properties 52 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 52 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 52 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 53 Item 6. [Reserved] 54 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 55 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 60 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 60 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 61 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 61 Item 9B. Other Information . 63 Item 9C. Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 63 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 64 Item 11. Executive Compensation 72 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 73 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 76 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 78 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 79 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 80 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, shall, should, will, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: our being a company with no operating history and no revenues; our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses in our industry or otherwise; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our ability to continue as a going concern; our pool of prospective target businesses; our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; our ability to obtain a fairness opinion with respect to a target business, without which you may be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors in approving a proposed business combination; our issuance of additional shares of capital stock or debt securities to complete a business combination, thereby reducing the equity interest of our stockholders and likely causing a change in control of our ownership; our ability to assess the management of a prospective target business; our ability to amend the terms of the warrants or warrant agreement in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants; our ability to redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise; our ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, economic uncertainty in various global markets caused by geopolitical instability, the status of the debt and equity markets, 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 and changes in laws or regulations, including changes imposing additional requirements on business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies and the application of the 1 U.S. federal excise tax under the IR Act (as defined herein); the risk of cyber incidents or attacks directed at us resulting in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss; the liquidity and trading market for our public securities; the lack of a market for our securities; our status as a an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; the potential tax consequences of investing in our securities; our financial performance; or the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. While we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, there can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless otherwise stated herein or the context otherwise requires, references to: Class A common stock are to our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Class B common stock are to our Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. common stock are to our Class A common stock and our Class B common stock, collectively; DGCL are to the Delaware General Corporation Law as the same may be amended from time to time; founder shares are to shares of our Class B common stock initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our IPO and the shares of our Class A common stock that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B common stock at the time of our initial business combination (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of our Class A common stock will not be public shares 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 IPO is to our initial public offering of our units, Class A common stock and redeemable warrants, which closed on November 29, 2021. management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our IPO and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 
 prospectus means the prospectus filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, dated November 23, 2021, relating to our IPO. public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in IPO (whether they are purchased in the IPO or thereafter in the open market); public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public stockholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; public warrants are to our warrants sold as part of the units in our IPO (whether they are purchased in the IPO or thereafter in the open market) and to any private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans that are sold to third parties that are not initial purchasers or officers or directors (or permitted transferees) following the consummation of our initial business combination; sponsor are to Everest Consolidator Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (certain of our directors, officers and their affiliates hold membership interests in our sponsor; our sponsor is controlled by Belay Associates, LLC, and Adam Dooley is the manager of Belay Associates, LLC); trust account are to the trust account in the United States, with American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC acting as trustee, into which we deposited certain proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants; and 
 we, us, our, company or our company refer to Everest Consolidator Acquisition Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on March 8, 2021 as a Delaware corporation for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K we refer to this as our initial business combination. Our ability to locate a potential target is subject to the uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, we are a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. Since our IPO, our sole business activity has been identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. Our executive offices are located 4041 MacArthur Blvd, Newport Beach, CA 92660 and our telephone number is (949) 610-0835. We maintain a corporate website at www.belayoneverest.com . The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. Founders We have assembled a team consisting of our management, board of directors and strategic advisors, which we refer to, collectively, as our Founders, who we believe have deep expertise financial services industry and have collectively grown businesses, scaled technology, developed and marketed new products, and implemented risk management policies. Experience among our Founders includes senior executive management positions at leading wealth management providers including Goldman Sachs Global Private Client, Citigroup Global Private Bank, Envestnet / Yodlee, BNY Mellon, Boston Private Financial Holdings, Fidelity, Hartford Funds, Mercer Advisors, MetLife Investment Management, TIAA, U.S. Trust and the Harvard Management Company Endowment Board. We will seek to capitalize on the decades of industry expertise, deep network of relationships, and significant access to deal flow offered by industry veterans who comprise our Founder group. Initial Public Offering On November 29, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering (our IPO of 17,250,000 units (including 2,250,000 units sold pursuant to the full exercise of the IPO underwriters option to purchase additional units to cover over-allotments). Each unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the public warrants ), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one whole share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 172,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale of 6,333,333 warrants (the private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant (the private placement ), to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds to us of 9,500,000. The private placement warrants are identical to the public warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO, except that the sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (except to certain permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. The private placement warrants will not be redeemable for cash by the Company and will be exercisable on a cashless basis. Following the consummation of the IPO, total of 175,950,000 of the net proceeds from the IPO and the private placement, which includes the 6,037,500 deferred underwriting commission, were placed in a U.S.- based trust account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A. maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Developments Initial Extension of Time to Complete an Initial Business Combination Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, in the event we had not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO, or February 28, 2023, our board of directors is permitted to extend the period of time to consummate an initial business combination by two additional three month periods, provided, in each case, that the sponsor has deposited into the trust account 1,725,000 in exchange for private placement warrants, at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued in connection with the IPO. On February 28, 2023, we extended the period we have to consummate our initial business combination by a period of three months from February 28, 2023 to May 28, 2023 (the Initial Extension ). To effect the Initial Extension, the sponsor deposited 1,725,000, representing 0.10 per share of Class A common stock held by public stockholders, into the trust account, in exchange for our issuance to the sponsor of 1,150,000 private placement warrants (the Extension Private Placement Warrants ), at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued to the sponsor in connection with the closing of the IPO. S tockholders were not entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with the Initial Extension. Further Extension of Time to Complete an Initial Business Combination Giving effect to the Initial Extension, we have until May 28, 2023 to complete an initial business combination. If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by such date, we may, but are not obligated to, further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by one additional three-month period (for a total of up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO to complete a business combination) (the latest such date being referred to as the Termination Date ). Our stockholders will not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their shares in connection with, any such extension. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account, less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. Our Investment Themes and Acquisition Criteria While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any industry, we are concentrating our efforts in identifying businesses in the financial services sector. We will leverage our reputational credibility through a broad network of industry relationships to seek out category leaders with significant recurring revenue that are at a strategic inflection point. We are particularly interested in businesses that present significant growth potential through organic and transaction-driven opportunities to expand into adjacent markets and to use digital transformation as a force multiplier. We have developed the following strategic, non-exclusive investment exhibits criteria that we will use to screen for and evaluate target businesses. We will seek to acquire a business that exhibits some or all of the following criteria: operates in the financial services sector has a strong management team with a track record of driving growth and profitability, and can benefit from the vast network, experience and guidance of our Founders can benefit from being a publicly-traded company, with access to broader capital markets, to achieve the company s business strategy can enhance stockholder value through a combination with us, and offer an attractive risk-adjusted return for our stockholders 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management team may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents that we would file with the SEC We may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our initial business combination. We intend to acquire a company with an enterprise value significantly above the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants. Depending on the size of the transaction or the number of public shares we become obligated to redeem, we may potentially utilize several additional financing sources, including but not limited to the issuance of additional securities to the sellers of a target business, debt issued by banks or other lenders or the owners of the target, a private placement of equity or debt, or a combination of the foregoing. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the required time period, including because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient to meet our obligations or our working capital needs, we may need to obtain additional financing. Our Acquisition Process We believe that conducting comprehensive due diligence on prospective investments is particularly important within the financial services industry. We will utilize the diligence, rigor and expertise of our management and members of our board of directors to evaluate potential targets strengths, weaknesses and opportunities to identify the relative risk and return profile of any potential target for our initial business combination. Given our management team s extensive tenure investing in the financial services industry, we expect that we will often be familiar with the prospective target s end-market, competitive landscape and business model. In evaluating a potential target business, we expect to conduct a comprehensive due diligence review to seek to determine a company s quality and its intrinsic value. That due diligence review may include, among other things, financial statement analysis, detailed document reviews, multiple meetings with management, consultations with relevant industry experts, competitors, customers and suppliers, as well as a review of additional information that we will seek to obtain as part of our analysis of a target company. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or strategic advisors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Members of our management team, including our officers and directors, will directly or indirectly own our securities following the IPO and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target company is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors, as well as our management teams, may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers, directors, and management team members was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to such business combination. Each of our directors, director nominees and officers presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then- current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will be permitted by our organizational documents to discharge his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officers of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor, officers, directors and strategic advisors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers, directors or strategic advisors are not required to commit any specified amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our stockholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to stockholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. Giving effect to the Initial Extension, we have until May 28, 2023 to complete an initial business combination. If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by such date, we may, but are not obligated to, further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by one additional three-month period (for a total of up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO to complete a business combination). Our stockholders will not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their shares in connection with, any such extension. This feature is different from some other special purpose acquisition companies, in which any extension of the company s period to consummate an initial business combination would require a vote of the company s stockholders and in connection with such vote stockholders would have the right to redeem their public shares. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, in order to further extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon five business days advance notice prior to May 28, 2023, must deposit into the trust account an a dditional 0.10 per share of Class A common stock, or 1,725,000, on or prior to the date of such deadline. At such additional deposit, our sponsor or its affiliates or designees will receive an additional 1,150,000 private placement warrants, with the same terms as the original private placement warrants issued in connection with the IPO. In the event that we receive notice from our sponsor five business days prior to a deadline of its intent to effect a second extension, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention at least three days prior to such deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after a deadline announcing whether or not the funds had been timely deposited. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to consummate an initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any interest earned on the funds held in the trust account, less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of interest that may be used by us to pay our franchise and income taxes payable, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and as further described herein, and then seek to dissolve and liquidate. We expect the pro rata redemption price to be approximately 10.30 per share of common stock giving effect to the Initial Extension, and approximately 10.40 per share of common stock if we were to extend the period of time to consummate our initial business combination twice, in each case without taking into account any 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 interest earned on such funds. However, we cannot assure you that we will in fact be able to distribute such amounts as a result of claims of creditors which may take priority over the claims of our public stockholders. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions of our Class B common stock, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all common stock outstanding upon completion of the IPO plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of our Class B common stock agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of shares of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our common stock. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in us incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure will make us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A common stock (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A common stock and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with stockholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek stockholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. Emerging Growth Company Status We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved, If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of shares of our Class A common stock that is held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of shares of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues equals or exceeds 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of shares of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our IPO. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our equity, debt or a combination of these as the consideration to be paid in our initial business combination. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of shares of our Class A common stock, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, and we may effectuate our initial business combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public stockholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial business combination. In the case of an initial business combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the initial business combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek stockholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the IPO. None of our sponsor, officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will be prohibited from issuing additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on any initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond the completion window or (y) amend the foregoing provisions, unless (in connection with any such amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) we offer our public stockholders the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read our prospectus and our other publicly available filings with the SEC and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. We may engage professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions, including the underwriter or 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 one of its affiliates, or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, or our officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Delaware law. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the stockholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the stockholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by stockholders (in the case of Class A common stock) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming stockholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such stockholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the stockholder meeting related to our initial business combination. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which stockholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Stockholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account was initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public stockholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination, and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business by the Termination Date or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A common stock. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their shares of our Class A common stock upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require stockholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding common stock or seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation would typically require stockholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a stockholder vote unless stockholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE, we will be required to comply with the NYSE rules. If we held a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public stockholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need 6,468,751 or 37.5 of the 17,250,000 public shares sold the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public stockholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination, and (ii) a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of shares of our Class A common stock. If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase shares of our Class A common stock in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public stockholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public stockholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Stockholder approval If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage stockholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then- current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public stockholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our stockholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the IPO without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of stockholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination As stated above, if we have not consummated an initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then- outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended or any other approved extension of such period. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Delaware law. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended) or any other approved extension of such period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our sponsor, executive officers, directors and director nominees have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or 18 or 21 months, as applicable) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of shares of our Class A common stock, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 either prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer, director or director nominee, or any other person. We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the up to 2,000,000 held outside the trust account, plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders upon our dissolution would be 10.20 per share. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public stockholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by stockholders will not be less than 10.20 per share. Under Section 281(b) of the DGCL, our plan of dissolution must provide for all claims against us to be paid in full or make provision for payments to be made in full, as applicable, if there are sufficient assets. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our stockholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. BofA Securities Inc. and Marcum LLP have not executed an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by (A) a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or (B) a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the IPO underwriter against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the IPO underwriter against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We had access to up to 2,000,000 following the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, stockholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such stockholder. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended) or any other approved extension of such period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If the corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended) or any other approved extension of such period, is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful (potentially due to the imposition of legal proceedings that a party may bring or due to other circumstances that are currently unknown), then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended) or any other approved extension period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Accordingly, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following our 24th month and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with those procedures. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend well beyond the third anniversary of such date. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the subsequent 10 years. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. As described above, pursuant to the obligation contained in our underwriting agreement, we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account. As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below (i) 10.20 per share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest withdrawn to pay taxes and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the IPO underwriter against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per share to our public stockholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our stockholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended) or such longer period as approved by the stockholders and reflected in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation from the closing of the IPO, (ii) in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of shares of our Class A common stock the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of shares of our Class A common stock, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public stockholders who redeem their shares of our Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the IPO (or 21 months, if further extended) or any other approved extension period, with respect to such shares of our Class A common stock so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a stockholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a stockholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a stockholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such stockholder 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, like all provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, may be amended with a stockholder vote. Employees We currently have two non-employee executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies, operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act, and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual report will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents sent to stockholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with or reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) or international financial reporting standards (IFRS) as promulgated by the International Accounting Standards Board. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have the necessary financial statements. To the extent that this requirement cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.. Only in the event that we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on internal control over financial reporting. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. Our business involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The occurrence of any of the events described below could harm our business, operating results, financial condition, liquidity, or prospects. In any such event, the market price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently deem immaterial, may also impair our business. See Forward-Looking Statements. Risk Factor Summary An investment in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. Among these important risks are the following: We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. Past performance by our management team and members of our Board may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though holders of a majority of our common stock do not support such a combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and interest rates and geopolitical events globally, and the status of debt and equity markets. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders or public warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 
 If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain loans from our sponsor or management team, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Certain agreements related to the IPO may be amended without stockholder approval. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants effectively worthless. We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination, and may issue shares of common stock to redeem the warrants or issue shares of common stock or preferred stock under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Giving effect to the Initial Extension, we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 21 months, if further extended). We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business combination by the Termination Date, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our Board, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our management team, sponsor or directors or any of their respective affiliates to fund our search, to pay our taxes and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain such loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our Board may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. We are a recently formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a recently formed company with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. If we fail to complete our business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though holders of a majority of our common stock do not support such a combination. We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Except as required by law or stock exchange rules, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our common stock do not approve of the business combination we complete. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor has agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote. Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public stockholders in connection with an initial business combination, our sponsor has agreed to vote its founder shares, as well as any public shares purchased during or after the IPO, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need 6,468,751 or 37.5 of the 17,250,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of a transaction (assuming all outstanding shares are voted) in order to have our initial business combination approved. Our sponsor owns shares representing 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock following the completion of the IPO. Accordingly, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received than would be the case if our sponsor agreed to vote its founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public stockholders. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. If we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination. The per- 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. If our business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your stock in the open market. Our sponsor has the right to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination to up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO without providing our stockholders with a corresponding vote or redemption right. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, in the event we had not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO, or February 28, 2023, our board of directors was permitted to extend the period of time to consummate an initial business combination by two additional three month periods, provided, in each case, that the sponsor has deposited into the trust account 1,725,000 in exchange for private placement warrants, at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued in connection with the IPO. On February 28, 2023, we extended the period we have to consummate our initial business combination by a period of three months from February 28, 2023 to May 28, 2023, following the sponsor s deposit of 1,725,000 into the trust account and our issuance of 1,150,000 private placement warrants. If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate an initial business combination by May 28, 2023, we may, but are not obligated to, further extend the period of time to consummate a business combination by one additional three-month period (for a total of up to 21 months from the closing of the IPO to complete a business combination). Our stockholders were not entitled and will not be entitled to vote on, or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. This feature is different from some other special purpose acquisition companies, in which any extension of the company s period to consummate an initial business combination would require a vote of the company s stockholders and in connection with such vote stockholders would have the right to redeem their public shares. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may decrease our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our business combination on terms that would produce value for our stockholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that, giving effect to the Initial Extension, we must complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of our IPO (or 21 months, if further extended). Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may not have sufficient liquidity to fund our working capital needs through one year from the issuance of the financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we are not able to consummate a Business Combination 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 within 18 months from the closing of the IPO, or May 28, 2023 (absent any further extensions of such period by the sponsor, pursuant to the terms described above), we will commence an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation. Management has determined that the automatic liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Accordingly, the Company has been informed by its registered public accounting firm that its audit opinion to be included in the Form 10-K will include an explanatory paragraph related to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or public warrants from public stockholders or public warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or public warrants or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. There is no limit on the number of shares our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of the NYSE. However, other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or public warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent the purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. If we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not restrict our stockholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation and interest rates and geopolitical events globally, and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic remains on-going and continues to impact the global economy. The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new variants of the COVID-19 virus and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19, inflation, fluctuations in interest rates, geopolitical events globally, and other related events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise adequate financing, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on our redemption of our public shares, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, because we are obligated to pay cash for the shares of Class A common stock that our public stockholders redeem in connection with our initial business combination, target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. This may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate our business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following from the closing of our IPO (or 21 months, if further extended), assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We believe that the proceeds raised in the initial public offering and the funds potentially available from loans from the sponsor or any of their affiliates will be sufficient to allow the Company to meet the expenditures required for operating its business. However, if the estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to the initial business combination. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share upon our liquidation. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 2,000,000 were available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to withdraw interest from the trust account and/or borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate, or we may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike some other blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share; (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, investments and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, investments and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the Proposed Rules that would, among other items, impose additional disclosure requirements in initial public offerings by SPACs and business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, as well as when projections are disclosed in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increase the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act of 1940. The Proposed Rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination and may increase the costs and time related thereto. Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. We may seek to complete a business combination with an operating company in any industry or sector. However, we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to complete our business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. To the extent we complete our business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our business combination with an affiliated entity or our board cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our Board, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. Members of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Members of our management team may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations could take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members of our management team will remain with us after the completion of our business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of our management team will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. Of the net proceeds from our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants of 178,550,000 was initially available to complete our business combination and pay related fees and expenses (which includes up to approximately 6,037,500 for the payment of deferred underwriting commissions). We may complete our business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to complete our business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our business combination. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or other governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. In order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreement. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to complete our initial business combination. The provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions related to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or in our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders, who will collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock upon the closing of the IPO will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 a business combination with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of the IPO (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable), unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (which interest shall be net of amounts released to us to pay taxes and expenses related to the administration of the trust account), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, this letter agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of the letter agreement. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Certain agreements related to our IPO may be amended without stockholder approval. Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to our IPO, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, and the registration rights agreement among us and our initial stockholders, may be amended without stockholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public stockholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our stockholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If the net proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to repurchase for cash a significant number of shares from stockholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. Because we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Transactions in connection with or in anticipation of our initial business combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our stockholders and warrant holders. As a result of our business combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. Although we will attempt to structure transactions in connection with our initial business combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in anticipation of or as a result of our initial business combination and subject to requisite stockholder approval, we may enter into one or more transactions that require stockholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes or otherwise increase their tax burden. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to stockholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a stockholder or a warrant holder may be required to satisfy any liability resulting from any such transactions with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of such holder s shares or warrants. In addition, we may effect a business combination with a target company in another jurisdiction (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). As a result, stockholders and warrant holders may be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial business combination. Risks Relating to Our Securities You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly elected to redeem, subject to certain limitations described in the prospectus, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable) and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable), subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable) for any reason, compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond 15 months from the closing of our IPO (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable) before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, following our IPO, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million. We cannot assure you that we will continue to meet those listing requirements. If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will be covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the NYSE, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. After completion of the IPO, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We have not and do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the IPO were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.20 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to administration of the trust account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of our IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per share or (ii) such lesser amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets,in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to administration of the trust account, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our directors and officers have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if: (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our directors and officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and officers for breach of their fiduciary duties. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our directors and officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our directors and officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and our Board may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments; and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our business combination. 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. The Proposed Rules under the Investment Company Act would provide a proposed safe harbor for SPACs from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, if a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the proposed safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposal would require a company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. To avail itself of the safe harbor in the proposed rule, a company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. Although the 2022 Proposed Rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, there is uncertainty in the SEC s view of the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule or otherwise falls outside of the other provisions of the safe harbor. We may not enter into a definitive business combination agreement within 18 months after the effective date of our IPO registration statement and may not complete our business combination within 24 months of such date. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted and we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. In addition, unless we were able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may fail to satisfy a condition in a business combination agreement, which could result in its termination. After any such termination, we may instead be required to wind up, redeem and liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our shareholders will miss the opportunity to benefit from an investment in a target company and the appreciation in value of such investment through a business combination. Additionally, if we are required to liquidate, there will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless in the event of our winding up. We do not believe that our principal activities currently subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 180 days or less or in mutual funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we do not believe we are an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is a business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable); or (iii) absent a business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public stockholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. Because we have invested only in permitted instruments, we believe we are not an investment company. Nevertheless, we would not be able to rely on the safe harbor (should it be adopted). Instead, we would need to rely on the factors described above, and the SEC could deem us to be subject to regulation as an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to consummate our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.20 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.20 per share and other risk factors in this section. To mitigate the risk of us being deemed to have been operating as an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended), we may, on or prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of our registration statement relating to the initial public offering, instruct the trustee with respect to the trust account, to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash until the earlier of consummation of our business combination or liquidation. As a result, following any such sale of the securities held in the trust account, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. Under the DGCL, stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation, a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 24th month from the closing of our IPO in the event we do not complete our business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing procedures. Because we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company, and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly assess 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful, then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. In accordance with the NYSE s corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first full fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we will use our reasonable best efforts to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant upon the exercise thereof. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of shares of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued public warrants to purchase 8,625,000 shares of Class A common stock as part of the units offered in the IPO and private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,333,333 shares of Class A common at 11.50 per share, subject to 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 adjustment. In connection with the Initial Extension, we issued to our sponsor 1,150,000 Extension Private Placement Warrants, at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued to the sponsor in connection with the closing our IPO. In addition, if the sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,000,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue shares of our Class A common stock in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue shares of our common stock for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of our Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of our Class A common stock issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the shares of our Class A common stock, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the shares of our Class A common stock. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial business combination. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you will receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. Under the following circumstances, the exercise of the public warrants may be required or permitted to be made on a cashless basis: (i) if a registration statement covering the sale of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption; (ii) if our common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement; and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available; and (iii) if we call the public warrants for redemption under certain circumstances described in the warrant agreement. In the event of an exercise on a cashless basis, a holder would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock calculated under the applicable provision in the warrant agreement. As a result, you would receive fewer shares of Class A common stock from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into at the closing of the IPO, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares, after those shares convert to our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 the common stock owned by our initial stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants are issued in registered form under the warrant agreement between American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of shares of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption to the warrants holders and provided certain other conditions are met. We will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us. Our warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult to complete our business combination. We issued public warrants to purchase 8,625,000 shares of Class A common stock as part of the units offered in the IPO and private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 6,333,333 shares of Class A common at 11.50 per share. In connection with the Initial Extension, we issued to our sponsor 1,150,000 Extension Private Placement Warrants, at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued to the sponsor in connection with the closing our IPO. Our sponsor currently owns 4,312,500 shares of our Class B common stock which are convertible into shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor makes any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted into warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. To the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to complete a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination. Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. The private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the IPO except that, (i) they will not be redeemable by us for cash, (ii) they (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of these warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) they may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Because each unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-half of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. Risks Relating to Our Sponsor and Management Team Past performance by our management team and members of our Board may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team and members of our Board is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by such individuals is not a guarantee either (i) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate, (ii) that we will be able to locate a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (iii) that we will be able to adequately assess the risks of a potential transaction. You should not rely on the historical record of performance of our management team and members of our Board as indicative of our future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team and Board have been involved in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in the prospectus regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following our business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. Recently, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may not join us following our initial business combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully complete our business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team. The role of members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members of our management team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our officers, directors and strategic advisors may allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers, directors and strategic advisors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. Each of our officers, directors and strategic advisors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our officers, directors and strategic advisors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. If our officers , directors or strategic advisors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, please see Conflicts of Interest under Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Certain of our Founders are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Following the completion of our IPO and until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our Founders are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. Our Founders also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities in the future to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance under Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions. Our officers, directors, strategic advisors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, strategic advisors, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact (subject to certain approvals and consents) we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, directors, officers or strategic advisors, although we do not intend to do so. We do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or strategic advisors which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers, directors and strategic advisors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or strategic advisors. Our directors and officers also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Conflicts of Interest in Part III, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination as set forth in the section of our prospectus and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or strategic advisors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our sponsor will lose its entire investment in us if our business combination is not completed and our officers and directors may have differing personal and financial interests than you, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On March 15, 2021, our sponsor acquired 5,750,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by our sponsor, we had no assets, tangible or intangible. On September 24, 2021, we repurchased 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock from the sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 6,250, which is 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 equal to the original purchase price therefor. Our sponsor currently holds 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock, which represents, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, the private placement warrants held by our sponsor will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. Our sponsor has agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (B) not to redeem any founder shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. In addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. Since our sponsor paid only approximately 0.004 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. On March 15, 2021, our sponsor acquired 5,750,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share. On September 24, 2021, we repurchased 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock from the sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 6,250, which is equal to the original purchase price therefor. Our sponsor currently holds 4,312,500 shares of Class B common stock, which it acquired for net aggregate consideration of 18,750, or approximately 0.004 per share. Our officers and directors have a significant economic interest in our sponsor. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Following the closing of the IPO, our initial stockholders own shares representing 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. If our initial stockholders purchase any additional shares of common stock in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A common stock. In addition, our Board, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered Board, only a minority of the Board will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our business combination. General Risk Factors We may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination, and may issue shares of common stock to redeem the warrants or issue shares of common stock or preferred stock under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our stockholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Following the IPO, there are 82,750,000 and 5,687,500 authorized but unissued shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class A common stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of Class B common stock. There are currently no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. We may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination (including pursuant to a specified future issuance). After the completion of our initial business combination, we may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common stock to redeem the warrants as described in Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants or shares of common or preferred stock under an employee incentive plan. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common or preferred stock: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO; may subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights senior to those afforded our common stock; could cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or warrants. 
 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our common stock; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may be subject to a new 1 U.S. federal excise tax in connection with redemptions of our stock. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other measures, a new 1 U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from whom the shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased. For purposes of calculating the excise tax, however, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. On December 27, 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued Notice 2023-2 (the Notice as interim guidance until publication of forthcoming proposed regulations on the excise tax. Although the guidance in the Notice does not constitute proposed or final Treasury regulations, taxpayers may generally rely upon the guidance provided in the Notice until the issuance of the forthcoming proposed regulations. Certain of the forthcoming proposed regulations (if issued) could, however, apply retroactively. The Notice generally provides that if a covered corporation completely liquidates and dissolves, distributions in such complete liquidation and other distributions by such covered corporation in the same taxable year in which the final distribution in complete liquidation and dissolution is made are not subject to the excise tax. Because any redemptions of our stock in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise will occur after December 31, 2022 such redemptions may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with any such redemptions would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the such redemptions, together with any other redemptions or repurchases we consummate in the same taxable year, (ii) the structure of any business combination and the taxable year in which it occurs, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances, in connection with a business combination or otherwise, issued within the same taxable year, (iv) whether we completely liquidate and 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 dissolve within the taxable year of such redemptions, and (v) the content of final and proposed regulations and further guidance from the U.S. Department of the Treasury. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a business Combination and in our ability to complete a Business Combination. Further, the application of the excise tax in the event of a liquidation is uncertain, and it is possible that the proceeds held in the Trust Account (in the event we are unable to complete a Business Combination in the required time and redeem 100 of our public shares in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) could be subject to the excise tax, in which case the amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period, or another company that is otherwise required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards, difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of shares of our common stock held by non-affiliates did not exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls annually in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K. This assessment includes disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal control over financial reporting. If we identify material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or if we are unable to comply with the demands placed upon us as a public company, including the requirements of Section 404, in a timely manner, we may be unable to accurately report our financial results, or report them within the timeframes required by the SEC. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our Consolidated Financial Statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, and actions we may take in the future, will be sufficient to prevent or avoid potential future material weaknesses. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we could be subject to regulatory scrutiny, civil or criminal penalties and/or shareholder litigation. Any inability to provide reliable financial reports could harm our business. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered Board and the ability of the Board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. We are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will designate the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware Court of Chancery will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers, or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case except for such claims as to which (a) the Court of Chancery determines that it does not have personal jurisdiction over an indispensable party, (b) exclusive jurisdiction is vested in a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (c) the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our common stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation described in the preceding sentence. This choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder and Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act, the Securities Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. We would be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal holding company (a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50 of the stock of the corporation by value and (ii) at least 60 of the corporation s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income may consist of PHC income as discussed above. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals, including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, more than 50 of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by five or fewer such persons during the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not become a PHC following the IPO or in the future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20 , on our undistributed PHC income, subject to certain adjustments. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 2. Properties. We do not own any real estate or other physical properties materially important to our operation. We currently maintain our principal executive offices at 4041 MacArthur Blvd, Newport Beach, CA 92660. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for our office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings. To the knowledge of our management team, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not Applicable. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information Our units, Class A common stock and warrants are each traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols MNTN.U, MNTN and MNTN WS, respectively. Our units commenced public trading November 24, 2021, and our Class A common stock and warrants commenced separate public trading on January 14, 2022. Holders As of March 15, 2023, there was one holders of record of our Class A common stock and one holder of record of our Class B common stock. The actual number of stockholders of our common stock is greater than the number of record holders and includes stockholders whose common stock are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. Dividend Policy We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchaser On February 28, 2023, in connection with the Initial Extension, we issued to the sponsor 1,150,000 Extension Private Placement Warrants, at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued to the sponsor in connection with the closing of the IPO. We issued the Extension Private Placement Warrants in exchange for the sponsor s deposit of 1,725,000, representing 0.10 per share of Class A common stock held by public stockholders, into the trust account. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the issuance of the Extension Private Placement Warrants. The issuance of the Extension Private Placement Warrants was made pursuant to the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Use of Proceeds from the IPO On November 29, 2021, we consummated our IPO of 17,250,000 units, including 2,250,000 units sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option. The units sold were registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-260343), as amended, declared effective by the SEC on November 23, 2021. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we completed the private sale of 6,333,333 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant to the sponsor. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to the private placement. The private placement warrants were issued pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 The sale of the units in the IPO and the concurrent sale of the private placement warrants generated gross proceeds to the Company of 182,000,000, consisting of 172,500,000 from the sale of the units and 9,500,000 from the sale of the private placement warrants. In connection with the closing of the IPO, we paid a total of 3,450,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions and 943,614 for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. In addition, the underwriter agreed to defer 6,037,500 in underwriting discounts and commissions. No payments for such expenses were made directly or indirectly to (i) any of our officers or directors or their associates, (ii) any persons owning 10 or more of any class of our equity securities, or (iii) any of our affiliates. There has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds from our IPO, as described in our final IPO prospectus, filed with the SEC on November 24, 2021. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and other factors set forth in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on March 8, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, equity and debt. The issuance of additional shares of our common stock in a business combination: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock resulted in the issuance of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of our Class A common stock if shares of preferred stock are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A common stock; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our Class A common stock are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and May adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, shares of Class A common stock and/or warrants; and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur significant debt, it could result in: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A common stock; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A common stock if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 Recent Developments Initial Extension of Time to Complete an Initial Business Combination Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, in the event we had not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our IPO, or February 28, 2023, our board of directors is permitted to extend the period of time to consummate an initial business combination by two additional three month periods, provided, in each case, that the sponsor has deposited into the trust account 1,725,000 in exchange for private placement warrants, at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued in connection with the IPO. On February 28, 2023, we extended the period we have to consummate our initial business combination by a period of three months from February 28, 2023 to May 28, 2023 (the Initial Extension ). To effect the Initial Extension, we issued to the sponsor 1,150,000 private placement warrants (the Extension Private Placement Warrants ), at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued to the sponsor in connection with the closing of the IPO, in exchange for the sponsor s deposit of 1,725,000, representing 0.10 per share of Class A common stock held by public stockholders, into the trust account. S tockholders were not entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with the Initial Extension. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our IPO, and the search for a target company for an initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We expect to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account established at the time of the IPO to hold certain proceeds from the IPO and the concurrent sale of the private placement warrants. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the period ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 158,386, which consists of investment income held in Trust Account of 2,536,113, offset by the operating costs of 1,922,290 and the provision for income taxes of 455,437. For the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 427,312, which consists of formation and operating costs of 428,515 and is offset by investment income held in Trust Account of 1,203. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern Our liquidity needs were satisfied prior to the completion of our IPO through 18,750 paid by our sponsor, Everest Consolidator Sponsor, LLC, (after giving effect to the repurchase by us of 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock from our sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 6,250) to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in exchange for the issuance of the founder shares to our sponsor. We generated net proceeds of 177,606,386 from the (i) the sale of the units in the IPO, after deducting offering expenses, underwriting commissions, but excluding deferred underwriting commissions, and (ii) the sale of the private placement warrants. Of this amount, 175,950,000 will be held in the trust account, which includes 6,037,500 of deferred underwriting commissions. The 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 proceeds held in the trust account are invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in mutual funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 1,428,273. The net income of 158,386 was offset by the investment income, held in Trust Account 2,536,113, and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which provided 949,454 of cash. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 236,151 held outside of the trust account and marketable securities held in the trust account of 178,111,451 (including 2,536,113 of interest income) consisting of securities held in a mutual fund that invests in U.S. Treasury securities with a maturity of 180 days or less. Interest income on the balance in the trust account may be used by us to pay income and franchise taxes. Through December 31, 2022, we withdrew 375,865 of interest earned on the trust account to pay 111,220 of federal income taxes and 264,645 of Delaware franchise taxes. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less taxes payable and deferred underwriting commissions), to complete our initial business combination. We may withdraw interest income (if any) to pay franchise and income taxes. Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the trust account. We expect the interest income earned on the amount in the trust account (if any) will be sufficient to pay our taxes. To the extent that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. The 236,151 held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022, and a working capital deficit of 755,241 as of December 31, 2022, may not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements contained elsewhere in this Form 10-K, assuming that a Business Combination is not consummated during that time. The Company believes that the proceeds raised in the initial public offering and the funds potentially available from loans from the sponsor or any of their affiliates will be sufficient to allow the Company to meet the expenditures required for operating its business. However, if the estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to the initial Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete the Business Combination or because the Company becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon completion of the Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Giving effect to the Initial Extension, we have 18 months from the closing of the IPO, or May 28, 2023 (absent any further extensions of such period by the sponsor, pursuant to the terms described above) to consummate the initial Business Combination. It is uncertain whether the Company will be able to consummate the proposed Business Combination by this date. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, then, unless that time is further extended (as provided above, or pursuant to a stockholder vote), there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. We may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Management has determined that our liquidity condition, potential mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, assuming a Business Combination is not consummated before May 28, 2023. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not include any 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Contractual Obligations and Commitments Registration Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The holders of these securities may at any time, and from time to time, request in writing that the Company register the resale of any or all of these securities on Form S-3 or any similar short form registration statement that may be available at such time; provided, however, that the Company shall not be obligated to effect such request through an underwritten offering. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial business combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Deferred Underwriting Commissions The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per unit, or 6,037,500 in the aggregate. Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement, (i) the deferred fee will be placed in our trust account and released to the underwriters only upon the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the deferred fee will be waived by the underwriters in the event that we do not complete an initial business combination. Administrative Services Agreement We have entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company pays an affiliate of the sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services to the company. We began incurring these fees on November 29, 2021 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the initial business combination or the Company s liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we expensed 122,425 for the services provided through the Administrative Services Agreement that was Due to the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s had no unpaid amounts related to the Administrative Services Agreement. Conditional Guarantee Agreement In connection with the Initial Extension and our sponsor s deposit of the extension funds into the trust account, we entered into a Conditional Guaranty Agreement (the Conditional Guaranty Agreement in favor of the Noteholder (defined below) in respect of a promissory note with an aggregate original principal amount of 1,725,000 (the Note issued and sold by the sponsor to a third-party investor (the Noteholder ). Pursuant to the Conditional Guaranty Agreement, we have agreed, subject to our consummation of an initial business combination prior to the Termination Date (as defined in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), to guarantee the payment when due of all principal and accrued interest owed by the sponsor under the Note. Our obligations under the Conditional Guaranty Agreement will terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the payment in full or discharge and termination of the Note, (ii) the failure to consummate an initial business combination prior to the Termination Date or (iii) immediately prior to the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. The Noteholder has waived any right, title, interest and claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account. Due Diligence Agreement We have entered into an agreement relating to due diligence and other professional services in connection with our search for potential business combination targets. Our payment obligations under this arrangement are not contingent upon, or deferrable until, the completion of an initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022, we had not incurred any fees under this arrangement. We expect to incur aggregate fees of between approximately 450,000 to 600,000 under this agreement, which will be expensed as incurred. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. Our management believes that the estimates, judgment and assumptions used are reasonable based upon information available at the time they are made. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Shares of common stock subject to mandatory redemption, if any, is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that is either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The Company s common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Class A common stock subject to possible redemption reflected on the balance sheet as December 31, 2022 are reconciled in the following table: 

Gross proceeds 172,500,000 Less: Class A common stock issuance costs (10,100,667) Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance (4,672,162) Plus: Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value 18,222,829 Accretion of trust earnings 1,717,994 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 177,667,994 The Class A common stock subject to possible redemption reflected on the balance sheet as December 31, 2021 are reconciled in the following table: 

Gross proceeds 172,500,000 Less: Class A common stock issuance costs (10,100,667) Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance (4,672,162) Plus: Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value 18,222,829 Class A common stock subject to possible redemption . 175,950,000 Net income (loss) Per Share of Common Stock We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income per common share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. We have not considered the effect of the warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement in the calculation of diluted income per share, because the exercise of the warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future events and the inclusion of such warrants would be anti- dilutive. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Income Taxes Income taxes are recorded in accordance with ASC 740, Income Taxes ASC 740 ), which provides for deferred taxes using an asset and liability approach. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in the financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities and net operating and capital loss carryforwards using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. Valuation allowances are provided, if based upon the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The valuation allowance is reduced when it is determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will be realized. The Company accounts for uncertain tax positions in accordance with the provisions of ASC 740. When uncertain tax positions exist, the Company recognizes the tax benefit of tax positions to the extent that the benefit would more likely than not be realized assuming examination by the taxing authority. The determination as to whether the tax benefit will more likely than not be realized is based upon the technical merits of the tax position as well as consideration of the available facts and circumstances. The Company recognizes any interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. There were no unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. No amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. Recent accounting standards In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. Management is currently evaluating the new guidance but does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on the Company s financial statements. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. See Note 2 to the audited financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding these and our other significant accounting policies. Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 Under the JOBS Act, an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This provision allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different transition dates for public and private companies until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We meet the definition of an emerging growth company and have elected to use this extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards until the earlier of the date we (x) are no longer an emerging growth company, or (y) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements and the reported results of operations contained therein may not be directly comparable to those of other public companies. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 The financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this report. An index of those financial statements is found in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Limitations on effectiveness of controls and procedures In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer (our Certifying Officers ), we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company, (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). Based on these assessments and those criteria, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act. Previously Identified Material Weaknesses In connection with the preparation of the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC on April 19, 2022, we concluded that there was a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to ineffective internal controls over accounting for a share repurchase and with respect to completeness and accuracy of financial data, specifically relating to an unrecorded liability for the professional fees of legal counsel. With respect to accounting for a share repurchase, deficiencies existed in our process for ensuring the completeness of information utilized in various technical accounting analyses and in certain instances, the proper application of the relevant accounting literature. These deficiencies could result in material adjustments for certain transactions. With respect to a lack of formality in our control activities to ensure completeness and accuracy of financial data, we did not sufficiently establish formal policies and procedures to design effective controls and establish responsibilities to execute these policies and procedures. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of its financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. These deficiencies could result in additional material misstatements to our financial statements that could not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our management concluded that these material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting were due to the fact that we did not have the necessary business processes and related internal controls formally designed and implemented coupled with the appropriate resources with the appropriate level of experience and technical expertise to oversee our business processes and controls. Remediation Efforts to Address Previously Identified Material Weaknesses To address the material weaknesses described above through the following changes that were implemented in our internal control environment: we implemented additional review procedures to ensure completeness of accrued liabilities; and we engaged the outside financial reporting advisors to better evaluate our research and understanding of the nuances of the complex accounting standards that apply to our financial reporting requirements. Accordingly, the Company concluded that the material weaknesses have been remediated as of December 31, 2022 as we believe these actions taken during the year ended December 31, 2022 have been fully implemented and are operating effectively. We are committed to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial reporting. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Except as described above under Remediation Efforts to Address Previously Identified Material Weaknesses , there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information. None. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not Applicable. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. The following table provides information regarding our executive officers and members of our board of directors (ages as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K): 

Name Age Position Adam Dooley 51 Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer, Secretary and Director Jacqueline S. Shoback 56 Chief Operating Officer and Director W. Brian Maillian 73 Director Elizabeth Mora 62 Director Peter K. Scaturro 63 Director 

 Member of the audit committee, compensation committee and nominating and corporate governance committee The experience of our directors and executive officers is as follows: Executive Officers Adam Dooley Mr. Dooley has served as our Chief Executive Officer, President, Treasurer and Director since March 2021 as our Secretary since May 2021 and as our Chairman since October 2021. Mr. Dooley has deep expertise in the private wealth management sector and has led international transformation initiatives for several leading publicly traded financial services companies across North America, Europe and the Middle East. Since January 2021, Mr. Dooley has served as the Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Belay International Corporation, a financial sponsor focused on technology enabled companies in the wealth and asset management sector. From December 2019 to December 2020, Mr. Dooley served as President of PREP Securities, a broker-dealer subsidiary of the Prep Property Group, a fully integrated real estate development and management company. From February 2014 to December 2019, Mr. Dooley served as a Managing Director and Partner of CR Capital Group LLC, where he led advisory and joint partnerships with alternative investment managers to create capital raising platforms in the private wealth management sector. From November 2012 to December 2013, Mr. Dooley served as Vice President and National Sales Manager of U.S. Individual Retirement Savings and Structured Product Solutions at MetLife, Inc. From March 2008 to October 2012, Mr. Dooley served as Managing Director and Head of Wealth Management, EMEA at MetLife, where he led wealth management and structured product solutions across Europe and the Middle East with accountability for 12 countries. Mr. Dooley started his career in the Fixed Income Trading Division of Salomon Smith Barney in 1994. Mr. Dooley received his Bachelor s degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California s Lloyd Greif Center for Entrepreneurial Studies. He also received an MBA from IMD University in Switzerland, where he was awarded the prestigious International Consulting Project Award for his work with Swiss Life and Bain Consulting analyzing Europe s retail financial advice sector. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Jacqueline S. Shoback Ms. Shoback has served as our Chief Operating Officer since March 2021 and as a Director since September 2021. Ms. Shoback brings extensive experience in executive leadership of wealth management companies and direct investments experience, and she has served on the board of directors of leading financial services companies. In January 2020, Ms. Shoback co-founded and currently serves as Managing Director of 1414 Ventures, a venture capital firm focused on investing in early-stage companies in the digital identity sector. From February 2015 to January 2020, Ms. Shoback worked at Boston Private Financial Holdings, a wealth, trust and private banking services company which was publicly-traded until it was acquired by SVB Financial Group in June 2021. She held several C-suite roles during her tenure including Chief Executive Officer of the Emerging Businesses Client Experience at Boston Private Bank Trust Company, or Boston Private Bank, a wholly- owned private banking and trust company subsidiary of Boston Private Financial Holdings. Ms. Shoback was also an Executive Director on the board of directors of the Boston Private Bank from October 2017 until January 2020. From December 2010 to January 2015, Ms. Shoback served as Senior Vice President and Head of Retail and Individual Marketing at Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association of America, or TIAA, a wealth management and financial services provider. From 2006 to 2009, Ms. Shoback served as Senior Vice President and Head of High Net Worth and Mass Affluent Marketing segments at Fidelity Investments, two segments where she restructured the offering and sales and service models which drove increased loyalty and asset consolidation. Ms. Shoback also served as Senior Vice President of National Sales and Service Distribution at Fidelity Investments, from January 2004 to December 2006. Ms. Shoback previously has held various roles at Staples, including Vice President and Head of Opportunity Markets of its U.S. Retail Division. In addition, since 2017, Ms. Shoback has served as a member of the Board of Directors and both the Audit Human Resources and Compensation Committees of CUNA Mutual Group, a mutual insurance company that provides financial services to cooperatives, credit unions and their members, and other customers in the United States. Ms. Shoback received an MBA from Harvard Business School and her Bachelor s degree in Economics and Political Science from Wellesley College. Non-Employee Directors Peter K. Scaturro Mr. Scaturro has served as our Lead Independent Director since September 2021. Mr. Scaturro has extensive senior executive leadership experience at leading global financial institutions, with a focus on wealth management and private banking. Since 2010, Mr. Scaturro has served as a Private Investor for PKS LLC, a private investment firm that he founded. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Scaturro served as a Partner at Goldman Sachs Global Private Client business. During his time at Goldman Sachs, he was a member of the firm-wide Goldman Sachs Business Practices Committee and served on the Investment Management Division Operating Committee. From 2005 to 2007, Mr. Scaturro served as the Chief Executive Officer of U.S. Trust, where he added significant depth to the management team, increased the size of the sales force and introduced an open architecture capability. While at U.S. Trust, Mr. Scaturro was a member of the Executive Committee of Charles Schwab, which owned U.S. Trust at the time. Mr. Scaturro also served as Chief Executive Officer of Citigroup Global Private Bank from 1999 to 2004. He is a former Partner at Bankers Trust, which was acquired by Deutsche Bank in 1999. In addition, since June 2022, Mr. Scaturro has served as Managing Partner of the Regenerative SportsCare Institute, a pioneer in using regenerative medicine and interventional orthobiologics to treat spine and joint disorders. Since September 2020, Mr. Scaturro has served as member of the Board of Advisors of Electus Global Education Co., a developer and manufacturer of youth financial literacy, entrepreneurship and career education technology. Since June 2014, Mr. Scaturro has also served as a Director and Vice Chairman of Orthobond Corporation, a biotechnology company focused on developing antimicrobial surface technology, where he also served as Non-Executive Chairman from 2016 to 2020. Mr. Scaturro received his Master s degree in Engineering and his Bachelor s degree in Engineering at Columbia University. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Elizabeth Mora Ms. Mora has served as a Director since September 2021. Ms. Mora has more than 30 years of leadership experience in financial operations and corporate governance. From August 2008 to August 2020, Ms. Mora served as Chief Administrative Officer, Vice President for Finance and Administration, and Treasurer at Charles Stark Draper Laboratory, a 750 million research and development innovation laboratory spun out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. From 2006 to 2008, Ms. Mora served as Chief Financial Officer of Harvard University, where she served on the Harvard Management Company Endowment Board which managed approximately 35 billion in assets at the time. From 1997 to 2006, Ms. Mora served as the Associate Vice President of Research and Administration of Harvard University. Ms. Mora is a former Senior Manager of the National Regulatory Consulting Practice at PriceWaterhouseCoopers. Ms. Mora currently serves as a board member of Nuburu, Inc. (NYSE American: BURU), a publicly-traded company developing advanced lasers for industrial applications, MKS Instruments, Inc. (Nasdaq: MKSI), a publicly-traded semi-conductor and advanced market technology company, Inogen, Inc. (Nasdaq: INGN), a publicly-traded medical technology company that primarily develops, manufactures and markets portable oxygen concentrators; and Limoneira Company (Nasdaq: LMNR), a publicly-traded agribusiness, rental operations and real estate development company. In addition, since October 2018, Ms. Mora has served as an Advisory Board member at Cambridge Trust Company, a publicly-traded local wealth management bank with 4 billion in assets. From February 2016 to June 2020, she served as Chair of the Board of Directors of GCP Applied Technologies, a publicly-traded manufacturer of chemicals and materials used in construction. Ms. Mora is a Certified Public Accountant in Massachusetts and received an MBA from Simmons University and a Bachelor s degree in Political Science from the University of California, Berkeley. W. Brian Maillian Mr. Maillian has served as a Director since September 2021. Mr. Maillian brings 40 years of experience with deal execution in the financial services industry. Since July 2022, Mr. Maillian has served as Vice Chairman - Fintech Initiatives of Unifund Group. Since 1993, Mr. Maillian has served as the Chairman and CEO of WhiteStone Global Partners LLC, a Certified Minority-Owned and Controlled Business Enterprise. WhiteStone has served as a financial advisor to certain United States government agencies, providing services on more than 50 billion of advisory transactions, asset sales, and securitizations. WhiteStone is now an alternative investment asset management firm, with an expertise in structured credit, affordable housing and private equity. In 1984, Institutional Investor Magazine selected a mortgage transaction structured by Mr. Maillian, as Collateralized Mortgage Obligations CMO Deal of the Year for the 500 million Citicorp Homeowners, Inc. CMO, which was the first ever private label CMO. From August 2001 to June 2017, Mr. Maillian also served as Principal at Rideau Lyons Co., a boutique investment banking firm that specializes in banking, trading and underwriting municipal and corporate securities. From January 1999 to August 2003, Mr. Maillian was a Co-Founding Partner, Managing Partner and served as Chairman of the Investment Committee of Olympius Capital, L.P., a Minority-Owned Hedge Fund of Funds. From 1981 to 1988, Mr. Maillian served as a Vice President of The First Boston Corporation, an investment bank, where he ran the Mortgage Banking Securitized Group and advised on more than 10 billion in mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures. Mr. Maillian began his investment banking career in 1977 at Salomon Brothers and subsequently worked at Greenwich Capital. From 2008 to 2012, Mr. Maillian served on the Board of Directors of the UCLA Alumni Association. Mr. Maillian earned his MBA at the University of California, Los Angeles, or UCLA, in Accounting and Finance, and he earned a Bachelor s degree in Mathematics and Computer Science from UCLA. Family Relationships There are no family relationships among any of our directors or executive officers. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors are divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being elected in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Elizabeth Mora and Brian Maillian, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Jacqueline Shoback and Peter Scaturro, will expire at our second annual meeting of the stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Adam Dooley, will expire at our third annual meeting of stockholders. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after we complete our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to nominate persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board of directors, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that W. Brian Maillian, Elizabeth Mora and Peter K. Scaturro are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, NYSE rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that has been approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website at www.belayoneverest.com. Audit Committee W. Brian Maillian, Elizabeth Mora and Peter K. Scaturro serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of W. Brian Maillian, Elizabeth Mora and Peter K. Scaturro are independent under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Elizabeth Mora serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Elizabeth Mora qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our IPO and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our IPO; and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing stockholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 
 Nominating Committee The members of our nominating committee are W. Brian Maillian, Elizabeth Mora and Peter K. Scaturro, and Peter K. Scaturro serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of W. Brian Maillian, Elizabeth Mora and Peter K. Scaturro are independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, stockholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, as specified our nominating committee charter, generally provide that persons to be nominated: should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the stockholders. 
 The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by stockholders and other persons. Compensation Committee The members of our compensation committee are W. Brian Maillian, Elizabeth Mora and Peter K. Scaturro, and W. Brian Maillian serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of W. Brian Maillian, Elizabeth Mora and Peter K. Scaturro are independent. The charter adopted by our compensation committee outlines the principal functions of the compensation committee, which include the following: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Corporate Governance Guidelines Our board of directors has adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, roles of the chairman of the board, and lead director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is available on our website at www.belayoneverest.com . 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 Conflicts of Interest In general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 
 Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to another entity pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will be permitted by our organizational documents to discharge his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors and strategic advisors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates and we cannot assure you that any of such conflicts will be resolved in our favor. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers, and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual Entity Entity s Business Affiliation Adam Dooley Belay International Corporation Private Equity Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jacqueline Shoback 1414 Ventures Venture Capital Managing Director CUNA Mutual Group Insurance Director Brian Maillian Unifund Group Financial Services Vice Chairman - Fintech Initiatives Whitestone Global Partners LLC Financial Advisor Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Elizabeth Mora MKS Instruments Semi-Conductor and Advanced Technology Director; Chairman of Audit Committee Inogen, Inc. Medical Technology Director Limoneira Company Agribusiness, Rental Operations, Real Estate Development Director Nuburu, Inc. Industrial Lasers Director Peter Scaturro Regenerative SportsCare Institute Medical, Biotechnology Managing Partner PKS LLC Private Investment Firm Founder Orthobond Corporation Biotechnology Director We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or strategic advisors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination, except, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Our bylaws also permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We will purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Except with respect to any public shares they may acquire in the IPO or thereafter (in the event we do not consummate an initial business combination), our officers and directors have agreed to waive (and any other 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 persons who may become an officer or director prior to the initial business combination will also be required to waive) any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and not to seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever, including with respect to such indemnification. These provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees, including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions. A copy of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available on our website at belayoneverest.com . The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, a copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the year ended December 31, 2022 there were no delinquent filers. Item 11. Executive Compensation. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 15, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of common stock, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding common stock; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our common stock; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 21,562,500 shares of our common stock, issued and outstanding as of March 15, 2023 (consisting of 17,250,000 shares of our Class A common stock and 4,312,500 shares of our Class B common stock. Voting power represents the voting power of shares of common stock owned beneficially by such person. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all common stock beneficially owned by them. 

Number of Percentage Shares of of Outstanding Beneficially Common Name and Address of Beneficial Owner(1) Owned Stock Everest Consolidator Sponsor, LLC (our sponsor) (2) (3) 4,312,500 20.0 Adam Dooley (2) (3) 4,312,500 20.0 Jacqueline Shoback Brian Maillian Elizabeth Mora Peter Scaturro All officers, directors and director nominees as a group (2) 4,312,500 20.0 Other 5 Shareholders Saba Capital Management, L.P. (4) 1,270,480 5.9 Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust (5) 1,250,000 5.8 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (6) 1,102,512 5.1 Sculptor Capital LP (7) 938,904 4.4 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our stockholders is 4041 MacArthur Blvd, Newport Beach, CA 92660. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B common stock. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination. (3) The shares reported are held in the name of our sponsor. Certain of our directors, officers and their affiliates hold membership interests in our sponsor. Our sponsor is controlled by Belay Associates, LLC. Adam Dooley is the manager of Belay Associates, LLC. As such, Adam Dooley may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the Class B common stock held directly by our sponsor. (4) Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 by Saba Capital Management, L.P. Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC Saba GP and Boaz R. Weinstein. Each of Saba Capital, Saba GP and Mr. Weinstein share voting and dispositive power with respect to 1,270,480 shares of Class A common stock. The address of the business office of each of Saba Capital, Saba GP ad Mr. Weinstein is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. (5) Based solely on a Schedule 13G filed on February 3, 2022 by Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust. The address of the business office of the Reporting Persons is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. (6) Based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed on January 31, 2023 by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC. Highbridge Capital Management, LLC, as the investment advisor to certain funds and accounts (collectively, the Highbridge Funds ), may be deemed to be the beneficial owner of the 1,102,512 shares of Class A Common Stock held by the Highbridge Funds. The address of the business office of Highbridge Capital Management, LLC is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. (7) Based solely a Schedule 13G/A filed on February 14, 2023 by Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), each of Sculptor, Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II ), Sculptor Capital Holding Corp. SCHC ), Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II and Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. SCU has shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 938,904 shares of Class A common stock. Each of Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF and Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD has shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 599,529 shares of Class A common stock. Sculptor SC II LP NJGC has shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to 339,375 shares of Class A common stock. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 Sculptor and Sculptor-II serve as the principal investment managers to a number of private funds and discretionary accounts and thus may be deemed beneficial owners of the Class A common stock in such accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II. SCHC-II serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor-II and is wholly owned by Sculptor. SCHC serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor, and as such, SCHC and SCHC-II may be deemed to control Sculptor as well as Sculptor-II and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the Class A common stock reported in the Schedule 13G/A. SCU is the sole shareholder of SCHC, and, for purposes of the Schedule 13G/A, may be deemed a beneficial owner of the Class A common stock reported in the Schedule 13G/A. The business address of each of Sculptor, Sculptor-II, SCHC, SCHC-II, and SCUis 9 West 57 Street, 39 Floor, New York, NY 10019. The business address of SCMF is c/o State Street (Cayman) Trust, Limited, 1 Nexus Way Suite #5203, PO Box 896, Helicona Courtyard, Camana Bay, Grand Cayman, KY1-1103, Cayman. The principal business address of NRMD is c/o MaplesFS Limited, P.O. Box 1093, Queensgate House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1102, Cayman Islands. The principle business address of NJGC is c/o The Corporation Trust Company 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington DE 19801. Our sponsor beneficially owns 20.0 of our issued and outstanding common stock, on an as converted basis. Because of this ownership block, our sponsor may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all other matters requiring approval by our stockholders, including amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of significant corporate transactions including our initial business combination. Our sponsor has agreed (a) to vote any founder shares and public shares held by it in favor of any proposed business combination and (b) not to redeem any founder shares or public shares held by it in connection with a stockholder vote to approve a proposed initial business combination. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. On March 15, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain of our offering and formation costs in consideration of 5,750,000 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001. On September 24, 2021, we repurchased 1,437,500 shares of our Class B common stock from the sponsor for an aggregate purchase price of 6,250, which is equal to the original purchase price therefor. The number of founder shares issued (and the number of such shares subject to forfeiture) was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20.0 of the issued and outstanding shares upon completion of our IPO. The founder shares (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Concurrent with the closing of our IPO, our sponsor purchased in a private placement an aggregate of 6,333,333 private placement warrants, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 9,500,000. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at approximately 9,500,000. In connection with the Initial Extension, we issued to the sponsor 1,150,000 Extension Private Placement Warrants, at a rate of 1.50 per private placement warrant, on the same terms as the private placement warrants issued to the Sponsor in connection with the closing our IPO. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.50 per warrant. The private placement warrants (including the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. As more fully discussed in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance under Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We currently maintain our executive offices at 4041 MacArthur Blvd, Newport Beach, CA 92660. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out of pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. Following our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our stockholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a stockholder 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. In connection with the closing of the IPO, we entered into a registration rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor is entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration rights agreement. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. On February 28, 2023, our sponsor deposited 1,725,000 into the trust account in consideration of our issuance to the sponsor of 1,150,000 private placement warrant in order to effect the Initial Extension. In connection with the Initial Extension, we entered into the Conditional Guaranty Agreement with our sponsor in favor of the Noteholder (as defined therein). See Part II, Item 7A. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Contractual Obligations and Commitments for a description of the terms of the Conditional Guaranty Agreement. Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions The audit committee of our board of directors has adopted a written policy, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. Director Independence NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that W. Brian Maillian, Elizabeth Mora and Peter K. Scaturro are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Sponsor Indemnity Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or by a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a business combination agreement,reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.20 per share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals for tax and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, except as to any claims by a third party (including such target business) who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity or contribution of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently investigated or verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have also not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties, including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of the fees of Marcum LLP for services rendered and billed to the Company for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees of Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 167,754 and 51,500. The aggregate fees of Marcum related to audit services in connection with our IPO totaled approximately 61,800. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Tax Fees. We did not pay Marcum for tax services, planning or advice for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for any other services for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 or the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going- forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a)(1) Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements and Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are listed in the Index to Audited Financial Statements on page F-1 and included on pages F-2 through F-19. (a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules. All financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements and notes beginning on page F-1 of this Report. (a)(3) Exhibits. The following is a list of exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filing Filed/ Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Date Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 8-K 001-41100 3.1 11/29/21 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws 8-K 001-41100 3.2 11/29/21 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate of S-1/A 333-260343 4.1 10/29/21 4.2 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate S-1/A 333-260343 4.2 10/29/21 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate S-1/A 333-260343 4.3 10/29/21 4.4 Description of Capital Stock 10-K 001-41100 4.4 4/18/22 4.5 Public Warrant Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent. 8-K 001-41100 4.1 11/29/21 4.6 Private Warrant Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as warrant agent. 8-K 001-41100 4.2 11/29/21 10.1 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, as trustee. 8-K 001-41100 10.1 11/29/21 10.2 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 8-K 001-41100 10.2 11/29/21 10.3 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 8-K 001-41100 10.3 11/29/21 10.4 Letter Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 8-K 001-41100 10.4 11/29/21 10.5 Letter Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, Date Herewith between the Company and Adam Dooley. 8-K 001-41100 10.5 11/29/21 10.6 Letter Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and W. Brian Maillian. 8-K 001-41100 10.6 11/29/21 10.7 Letter Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and Elizabeth Mora. 8-K 001-41100 10.7 11/29/21 10.8 Letter Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and Peter K. Scaturro. 8-K 001-41100 10.8 11/29/21 10.9 Letter Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and Jacqueline S. Shoback. 8-K 001-41100 10.9 11/29/21 10.10 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and Adam Dooley. 8-K 001-41100 10.10 11/29/21 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Filing Filed/ Furnished Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Date Herewith 10.11 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and W. Brian Maillian. 8-K 001-41100 10.11 11/29/21 10.12 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and Elizabeth Mora. 8-K 001-41100 10.12 11/29/21 10.13 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and Peter K. Scaturro. 8-K 001-41100 10.13 11/29/21 10.14 Indemnity Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and Jacqueline S. Shoback. 8-K 001-41100 10.14 11/29/21 10.15 Administrative Support Agreement, dated November 23, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor. 8-K 001-41100 10.15 11/29/21 10.16 Promissory Note, dated May 24, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor. S-1/A 333-260343 10.10 10/29/21 10.17 Extension Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated February 28, 2023, between the Company and the Sponsor. 8-K 001-41100 10.1 03/01/23 10.18 Conditional Guaranty Agreement, dated February 28, 2023 8-K 001-41100 10.2 03/01/23 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. EVEREST CONSOLIDATOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION Date: March 29, 2023 By: /s/ Adam Dooley Adam Dooley Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Title Date /s/ Adam Dooley Chief Executive Officer and March 29, 2023 Adam Dooley Chairman of the Board of Directors Principal Executive Officer, Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer /s/ Jacqueline S. Shoback Chief Operating Officer and March 29, 2023 Jacqueline S. Shoback Director /s/ Peter K. Scaturro Director March 29, 2023 Peter K. Scaturro /s/ W. Brian Maillian Director March 29, 2023 W. Brian Maillian /s/ Elizabeth Mora Director March 29, 2023 Elizabeth Mora 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 EVEREST CONSOLIDATOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F- 2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 F- 3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F- 4 Statements of Changes in Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F- 5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F- 6 Notes to Financial Statements F- 7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Everest Consolidator Acquisition Corporation Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Everest Consolidator Acquisition Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a working capital deficiency, and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its operations. In addition, if the Company does not consummate an initial business combination by May 28, 2023, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 . March 29, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 EVEREST CONSOLIDATOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Marketable securities held in trust account Prepaid expenses, non-current Total assets Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Due to related party Accrued expenses Income taxes payable Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) Class A Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value, shares at and redemption value as of September 30, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Stockholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption and Stockholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 EVEREST CONSOLIDATOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year Ended For the period from March 8, 2021 December 31, (inception) through December 31, 2022 2021 Formation and operating costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Investment income held in Trust Account Net income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax provision ) Net income (loss) ) Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A subject to possible redemption Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B non-redeemable common stock, basic and diluted Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B non-redeemable common stock The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 EVEREST CONSOLIDATOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and For the Period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption Ordinary Shares Additional Total Class A Class B Paid-in Accumulated Stockholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance - March 8, 2021 (inception) Issuance of common stock to Sponsor Repurchase of founder shares from sponsor ) ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of Class A common stock Paid underwriters fees ) Deferred underwriting fees payable ) Fair value of public warrants ) Other offering costs ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of private Placement warrants Re-measurement of Class A common stock to redemption value ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) ) Re-measurement for Class A common stock to redemption value ) ) Net income (loss) Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 EVEREST CONSOLIDATOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year Ended For the period from March 8, 2021 December 31, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities Investment income held in Trust account ) ) Formation and operating expenses funded by note payable through Sponsor Changes in operating assets and liabilities Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable ) Due to related party ) Accrued expenses Income taxes payable Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities Investment of cash into Trust Account ) Redemption of investments in Trust Account for income and franchise taxes Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor Repurchase of Class B common stock from Sponsor ) Repayment of note payable and advances from related party ) Proceeds from sale of Class A shares, gross Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants Payment of offering costs ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash ) Cash - beginning of the period Cash - end of the period Supplemental disclosure of income taxes paid Income taxes paid Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Remeasurement of Class A shares subject to possible redemption Offering costs included in accrued expenses Offering costs included in accounts payable Offering costs paid through promissory note related party Immediate re-measurement of Class A shares to redemption value Initial Class A shares subject to possible redemption Deferred underwriting fees payable Offering costs included in deferred legal fees The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 EVEREST CONSOLIDATOR ACQUISITION CORPORATION NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Units, with each unit consisting of one share of Class A common stock, and one-half of one redeemable warrant (the Units ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. (the Units ), including Units sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional Units to cover over-allotments. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company completed the private sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant (the Private Placement ), to Everest Consolidator Sponsor, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds to the Company of , which is described in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to , including in deferred underwriting fees, in upfront underwriting fees, and in other offering costs related to the Initial Public Offering. As of the IPO date, a total of of the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement, which includes the deferred underwriting commission, were placed in a U.S.-based trust account at Bank of America maintained by American Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC, acting as trustee. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes and expenses relating to the administration of the trust account, the proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement held in the trust account will not be released until the earliest of (i) the consummation of the Initial Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account proceeds as described below. The remaining proceeds outside the Trust Account may be used to pay for business, legal and accounting due diligence on prospective acquisitions and continuing general and administrative expenses. The Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that, other than the withdrawal of interest to pay taxes, if any, none of the funds held in the Trust Account will be released until the earlier of: (i) the completion of the Initial Business Combination; (ii) the redemption of any Class A common stock shares, par value, included in the Units (the Public Shares sold in the Initial Public Offering that have been properly tendered in connection with a stockholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation to modify the substance or timing of its obligation to redeem of such Public Shares if it does not complete the Initial Business Combination within (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; and (iii) the redemption of of the Class A common stock shares included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering if the Company is unable to complete an Initial Business Combination within (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (subject to the requirements of law). The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the Company s public stockholders. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, although substantially all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering are intended to be generally applied toward consummating an Initial Business Combination. The Initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Initial Business Combination. Furthermore, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect an Initial Business Combination. The Company, after signing a definitive agreement for an Initial Business Combination, will either (i) seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination at a meeting called for such purpose in connection with which stockholders may seek to redeem their shares, regardless of whether they vote for or against the Initial Business Combination, for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable, or (ii) provide stockholders with the opportunity to sell their Public Shares to the Company by means of a tender offer (and thereby avoid the need for a stockholder vote) for an amount in cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of the Initial Business Combination or will allow stockholders to sell their Public Shares in a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require the Company to seek stockholder approval, unless a vote is required by law or under NASDAQ rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it will complete its Initial Business Combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock voted are voted in favor of the Initial Business Combination. However, in no event will the Company redeem its Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than . In such case, the Company would not proceed with the redemption of its Public Shares and the related Initial Business Combination, and instead may search for an alternate Initial Business Combination. If the Company holds a stockholder vote or there is a tender offer for shares in connection with an Initial Business Combination, a public stockholder will have the right to redeem its shares for an amount in cash equal to its pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Initial Business Combination, including interest but less taxes payable. As a result, such Class A common stock shares were recorded at redemption amount and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Pursuant to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation if the Company is unable to complete the Initial Business Combination within (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned and not previously released to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses and net of taxes payable), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholder s rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and the Company s independent director nominees will not be entitled to rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares (as defined below) held by them if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable) of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. However, if the Sponsor or any of the Company s directors, officers or affiliates acquires Class A common stock shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after an Initial Business Combination, the Company s stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the Class A common stock. The Company s stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the Class A common stock, except that the Company will provide its stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 into the Company s Trust Account, representing per public share, in exchange for the Company s issuance of to the Sponsor of Private Placement Warrants, at a rate of per private placement warrant, with the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants issued in connection with the closing of the Company s initial public offering. The Initial Extension is the first of two three-month extensions permitted under the Company s governing documents. The Company s stockholders are not entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with the Initial Extension. In connection with the Initial Extension, the Company also entered into a Conditional Guaranty Agreement (the Conditional Guaranty Agreement in favor of the Sponsor. Pursuant to the Conditional Guaranty Agreement, the Company has agreed, subject to the Company s consummation of an Initial Business Combination prior to the Termination Date (as defined in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation), to guarantee the payment when due of all principal and accrued interest owed to the Sponsor under the Note. The Company s obligations under the Conditional Guaranty Agreement will terminate upon the earliest to occur of (i) the payment in full or discharge and termination of the Note, (ii) the failure to consummate an initial business combination prior to the Termination Date or (iii) immediately prior to the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. The Sponsor has waived any right, title, interest and claim of any kind as it relates to the Trust Account. Risks and Uncertainties Results of operations and the Company s ability to complete an Initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond its control. The business could be impacted by various social and political circumstances in the U.S. and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, including rising trade tensions between the United States and China, and other uncertainties regarding actual and potential shifts in the U.S. and foreign, trade, economic and other policies with other countries, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics), may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide. Specifically, the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, and resulting market volatility could adversely affect the Company s ability to complete a business combination. In response to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. and other countries have imposed sanctions or other restrictive actions against Russia. Any of the above factors, including sanctions, export controls, tariffs, trade wars and other governmental actions, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination and the value of the Company s securities. The Company cannot at this time fully predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact our business and our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other measures, a new 1 U.S. federal excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from whom the shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased. For purposes of calculating the excise tax, however, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. On December 27, 2022, the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued Notice 2023-2 (the Notice as interim guidance until publication of forthcoming proposed regulations on the excise tax. Although the guidance in the Notice does not constitute proposed or final Treasury regulations, taxpayers may generally rely upon the guidance provided in the Notice until the issuance of the forthcoming proposed regulations. Certain of the forthcoming proposed regulations (if issued) could, however, apply retroactively. The Notice generally provides that if a covered corporation completely liquidates and dissolves, distributions in such complete liquidation and other distributions by such covered corporation in the same taxable year in which the final distribution in complete liquidation and dissolution is made are not subject to the excise tax. Because any redemptions of our stock in connection with a business combination, extension vote or otherwise will occur after December 31, 2022 such redemptions may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with any such redemptions would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the such 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 of our public shares in accordance with our amended and restated certificate of incorporation) could be subject to the excise tax, in which case the amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Liquidity and Going Concern The held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of as of December 31, 2022, may not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of these financial statements, assuming that a Business Combination is not consummated during that time. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had until February 28, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination (absent any extensions of such period by the Sponsor, pursuant to the terms described above). It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate an initial business combination, even if this time period is extended. Giving effect to the Initial Extension discussed above, the Company now has until May 28, 2023 (absent further extension) to complete an initial business combination. If an initial business combination is not consummated by May 28, 2023, absent any further extension, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. The Company may need to raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from its Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers, directors and Sponsor may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Accordingly, the Company may not be able to obtain additional financing. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. Giving effect to the Initial Extension, the Company has from the closing of the IPO (absent any further extensions of such period by the Sponsor, pursuant to the terms described above) to consummate the initial Business Combination. It is uncertain whether the Company will be able to consummate the proposed Business Combination by this date. If a Business Combination is not consummated by this date, then, unless that time is extended (as provided above, or pursuant to a stockholder vote), there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. The Company believes that the proceeds raised in the initial public offering and the funds potentially available from loans from the sponsor or any of their affiliates will be sufficient to allow the Company to meet the expenditures required for operating its business. However, if the estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to the initial Business Combination. Moreover, the Company may need to obtain additional financing either to complete the Business Combination or because the Company becomes obligated to redeem a significant number of public shares upon completion of the Business Combination, in which case the Company may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. Management has determined that the liquidity condition, potential mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 and in cash and cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. or less. These securities are presented on the Balance Sheet at their fair value at the end of each reporting period. Earnings on these securities are included in investment income in the accompanying Statement of Operations and are automatically reinvested. The fair value for these securities is determined using quoted market prices in active markets. 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 Less: Class A common stock issuance costs ) Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance ) Plus: Re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value Accretion of trust earnings Class A common stock subject to possible redemption The Class A common stock subject to possible redemption reflected on the balance sheet as December 31, 2021 are reconciled in the following table: 

Gross proceeds Less: Class A common stock issuance costs ) Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance ) Plus: Total re-measurement of carrying value to redemption value Class A common stock subject to possible redemption . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had not experienced losses on its cash accounts and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 , consisting of in deferred underwriting fees, in upfront underwriting fees, and of other offering costs, of which was included in additional paid-in capital. Class B ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture until the over-allotment option was exercised in full at the IPO date. The Company s Statement of Operations include a presentation of loss per ordinary share subject to redemption in a manner similar to the two-class method of income (loss) per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did t have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the periods presented. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 Denominator: Weighted Average Share Outstanding, Redeemable Class A Common Stock Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable Class A Common Stock Basic and diluted net income per share, Redeemable Class A Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock Numerator: Net income allocable to non-redeemable Class B Common Stock Denominator: Weighted Average Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, non-redeemable Class B Common Stock Basic and diluted net income per share, Non-Redeemable Class B For The Period from March 8, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 Redeemable Class A Common Stock Numerator: Net loss allocable to Redeemable Class A Common Stock ) Denominator: Weighted Average Share Outstanding, Redeemable Class A Common Stock Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Redeemable Class A Basic and diluted net loss per share, Redeemable Class A ) Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock Numerator: Net loss allocable to non-redeemable Class B Common Stock Net loss allocable to non-redeemable Class B Common Stock ) Denominator: Weighted Average Non-Redeemable Class B Common Stock Basic and diluted net loss per share, Non-Redeemable Class B ) unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 Units at a purchase price of per Unit, including Units sold pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional Units to cover over-allotments. shares, and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ), an aggregate of public warrants. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per share. founder shares (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of , consisting of Class B founder shares (up to an aggregate of of which were subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriter s over-allotment option is exercised). Prior to the initial investment in the company of by our sponsor, we had assets, tangible, or intangible. The per share purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the company by the aggregate number of founder shares issued. On September 24, 2021, the Company repurchased shares of class B common stock from the Sponsor for . As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding. The underwriters exercised their overallotment option in full simultaneously in connection with the IPO. As a result, the shares are no longer subjected to forfeiture. Class B founder shares The founder shares are designated as Class B common stock and will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock (which such shares of Class A common stock delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination at a ratio such that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding upon completion of this offering, plus (ii) the total number of shares of Class A common stock issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of Class A common stock issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant (the Private Placements ), to the Sponsor and Directors, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for whole share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per share. A portion of the purchase price of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering to be held in the Trust Account. If the Initial Business Combination is not completed within (or 18 months or 21 months, as applicable) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the initial purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants or their permitted transferees. The purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants agreed, subject to limited exceptions, to not transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants (except to permitted transferees) until days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. To date, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Agreement The Company has entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which the Company will pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of per month, until the earlier of the completion of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation of the trust assets, for office space, secretarial and administrative services. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the for the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company expensed and , respectively for the services provided through the Administrative Services Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had repaid all amounts due to the Sponsor related to the Administrative Services Agreement, and as of December 31, 2021, was still outstanding, which was included in the Due to Related Party balance. Related Party Loans On May 24, 2021, the Company and the Sponsor entered into a loan agreement, whereby the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan is n-interest bearing and . As of December 31, 2021, there was an outstanding balance of on the Note, which was fully repaid by the June 30, 2022 maturity date referenced above. There were amounts outstanding related to the Note as of December 31, 2022. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 of the per Unit offering price to the underwriters at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, with an additional fee of of the gross offering proceeds payable only upon the Company s completion of its Initial Business Combination (the Deferred Discount ). The Deferred Discount of will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event the Company completes its Initial Business Combination. days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or holders are permitted to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances as a result of the Company s failure to have an effective registration statement by the th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A common stock until the Public Warrants expire or are redeemed. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, the Company will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no Public Warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Public Warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions) and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described under Redemption of warrants for Class A common stock and Redemption of warrants for cash will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 : Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments on the trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The Company will not redeem the Public Warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each warrant being exercised. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any Public Warrant upon the exercise thereof. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. preferred stock, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was preferred stock issued or outstanding. Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding subject to possible redemption. Class B Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, shares of Class B common stock were issued and outstanding. Holders of shares of Class A common stock and holders of shares of Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, or as required by applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 and , respectively of current income tax expense. The Company s effective tax rate for the for the year ended December 31, 2022 was , which differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of , primarily due to the change in the valuation allowance, resulting from recognizing a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets. The Company s effective tax rate was for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, which differs from the U.S. federal statutory rate of , primarily due to recognizing a full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. The Company s income tax provision consists of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Deferred ) Change in valuation allowance ) Income tax provision The Company s net deferred tax assets consisted of the following as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Startup/Organization expenses Total deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Deferred tax asset, net of allowance As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforward of and , respectively, that do not expire. The income tax benefit differs from the amount of income tax determined by applying the U.S. federal income tax rate to pretax income for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 due to the following: Valuation allowance ) Effective tax rate 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 In assessing the realization of the deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established a full valuation allowance. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 8, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was and , respectively, with the increase related mainly to a full valuation allowance recorded against deferred organization expense generated in the year. 
 F-20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mntn-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Adam Dooley, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Everest Consolidator Acquisition Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 29, 2023 By: /s/Adam Dooley Adam Dooley Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 mntn-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Everest Consolidator Acquisition Corporation (the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 29, 2023 By: /s/Adam Dooley Adam Dooley Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 mntn-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 mntn-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 mntn-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 mntn-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

