<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230216_10-K_edgar_data_313927_0000950170-23-003066.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24399535</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>705190</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2632633</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12456948</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2715651</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5292919</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-003066.hdr.sgml : 20230216
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230216162852
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-003066
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		110
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230216
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230216

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CHURCH & DWIGHT CO INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000313927
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SOAP, DETERGENT, CLEANING PREPARATIONS, PERFUMES, COSMETICS [2840]
		IRS NUMBER:				134996950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10585
		FILM NUMBER:		23638876

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 CHARLES EWING BOULEVARD
		CITY:			EWING
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08628
		BUSINESS PHONE:		609-806-1200

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 CHARLES EWING BOULEVARD
		CITY:			EWING
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08628

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-003066.txt : 20230216

10-K
 1
 chd-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (MARK ONE) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately billion. For purposes of making this calculation only, the registrant excluded the shares of common stock (the Common Stock of Church Dwight Co., Inc. (the Company held by directors, executive officers and beneficial owners of more than ten percent of the common stock. The aggregate market value is based on the closing price of such stock on the New York Stock Exchange on June 30, 2022. 
 As of February 13, 2023, there were s hares of Common Stock outstanding. 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, including, among others, statements relating to net sales and earnings growth; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and the Company s response; gross margin changes; trade and marketing spending; marketing expense as a percentage of net sales; sufficiency of cash flows from operations; earnings per share; the impact of new accounting pronouncements; cost savings programs; recessionary conditions; interest rates; inflation; consumer demand and spending; the effects of competition; the effect of product mix; volume growth, including the effects of new product launches into new and existing categories; the decline of condom usage; the Company s hedge programs; the impact of foreign exchange, and commodity price fluctuations; impairments and other charges; the Company s investments in joint ventures; the impact of acquisitions and divestitures; capital expenditures; the Company s effective tax rate; the impact of tax audits; tax changes; the effect of the credit environment on the Company s liquidity and capital resources; the Company s fixed rate debt; compliance with covenants under the Company s debt instruments; the Company s commercial paper program; the Company s current and anticipated future borrowing capacity to meet capital expenditure program costs; the Company s share repurchase programs; payment of dividends; environmental and regulatory matters; the availability and adequacy of raw materials, including trona reserves and the conversion of such reserves; and the customers and consumer acceptance of certain ingredients in our products. Other forward-looking statements in this report are generally identified by the use of such terms as may, could, expect, intend, believe, plan, estimate, forecast, project, anticipate, to be, to make or other comparable terms. These statements represent the intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs of the Company, and are based on assumptions that the Company believes are reasonable but may prove to be incorrect. In addition, these statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside the Company s control and could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause such differences include a decline in market growth, retailer distribution and consumer demand (as a result of, among other things, political, economic and marketplace conditions and events), including those relating to the outbreak of contagious diseases; other impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on the Company s operations, customers, suppliers, employees, and other constituents, and market volatility and impact on the economy (including contributions to recessionary conditions), resulting from global, nationwide or local or regional outbreaks or increases in infections, new variants, and the risk that the Company will not be able to successfully execute its response plans with respect to the pandemic or localized outbreaks and the corresponding uncertainty; the impact of regulatory changes or policies associated with the COVID-19 pandemic, including continuing or renewed shutdowns of retail and other businesses in various jurisdictions; the impact of new legislation such as the U.S. CARES Act, the EU Medical Device Regulation, new cosmetic and device regulations in Mexico, and the U.S. Modernization of Cosmetic Regulation Act; the impact on the global economy of the Russia/Ukraine war, including the impact of export controls and other economic sanctions; potential recessionary conditions or economic uncertainty; the impact of continued shifts in consumer behavior, including accelerating shifts to on-line shopping; unanticipated increases in raw material and energy prices, including as a result of the Russia/Ukraine war; delays and increased costs in manufacturing and distribution; increases in transportation costs; labor shortages; the impact of price increases for our products; the impact of inflationary conditions; the impact of supply chain and labor disruptions; the impact of severe weather on raw material and transportation costs; adverse developments affecting the financial condition of major customers and suppliers; competition; changes in marketing and promotional spending; growth or declines in various product categories and the impact of customer actions in response to changes in consumer demand and the economy, including increasing shelf space or on-line share of private label and retailer-branded products or other changes in the retail environment; consumer and competitor reaction to, and customer acceptance of, new product introductions and features; the Company s ability to maintain product quality and characteristics at a level acceptable to our customers and consumers; disruptions in the banking system and financial markets; the Company s borrowing capacity and ability to finance its operations and potential acquisitions; higher interest rates; foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations; implications of the United Kingdom s withdrawal from the European Union; transition to, and shifting economic policies in the United States; potential changes in export/import and trade laws, regulations and policies of the United States and other countries, including any increased trade restrictions; increased or changing regulation regarding the Company s products and its suppliers in the United States and other countries where it or its suppliers operate; market volatility; issues relating to the Company s information technology and controls; the impact of natural disasters, including those related to climate change, on the Company and its customers and suppliers, including third party information technology service providers; integrations of acquisitions or divestiture of assets; the outcome of contingencies, including litigation, pending regulatory proceedings and environmental matters; and changes in the regulatory environment in the countries where we do business. 
 For a description of additional factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements, please see Item 1A, Risk Factors in this Annual Report. 
 The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by the United States federal securities laws. You are advised, however, to consult any further disclosures the Company makes on related subjects in its filings with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ). 
 Unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to Church Dwight, we, us, our and Company refer to Church Dwight Co., Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 

Item 

Page 

1. 
 Business 
 
 4 

1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 16 

1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 31 

2. 
 Properties 
 
 31 

3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 31 

4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 31 

PART II 

5. 
 Market for the Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 32 

6. 
 RESERVED 
 
 34 

7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 35 

7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 49 

8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 50 

9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 85 

9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 85 

9B. 
 Other Information 
 
 85 

9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 85 

PART III 

10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 86 

11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 86 

12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 86 

13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 
 86 

14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 86 

PART IV 

15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 87 

3 

P ART I 
 
 IT EM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 OVERVIEW OF BUSINESS 
 We were founded in 1846 and incorporated in Delaware in 1925. We develop, manufacture and market a broad range of consumer household and personal care products and specialty products focused on animal and food production, chemicals and cleaners. Our consumer products marketing efforts are focused principally on our 14 power brands. These well-recognized brand names include ARM HAMMER baking soda, cat litter, laundry detergent, carpet deodorizer and other baking soda based products; TROJAN condoms, lubricants and vibrators; OXICLEAN stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergents and bleach alternatives; SPINBRUSH battery-operated toothbrushes; FIRST RESPONSE home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; NAIR depilatories; ORAJEL oral analgesic; XTRA laundry detergent; L IL CRITTERS and VITAFUSION gummy dietary supplements for children and adults, respectively; BATISTE dry shampoo; WATERPIK water flossers and showerheads; ZICAM cold shortening and relief products; THERABREATH oral care products; and HERO acne treatment products . We reevaluate the composition of our power brands from time to time, and in 2022 removed FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS products from our list of power brands and added HERO acne treatment products. 
 We sell our consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell our products to consumers. We sell our specialty products to industrial customers, livestock producers and through distributors. 
 Our Sustainability Strategy and Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Pillars 
 Sustainability is how we refer to our Environmental, Social Governance ESG efforts as part of our overall success into delivering growth and profitability while making a meaningful and positive impact. We believe that sustainable operations are both financially and operationally beneficial to our business, and critical to the health of the communities in which we operate, while contributing to a better world. Each year we publish a Sustainability Report that discloses our business and corporate responsibility commitments and details our ESG performance metrics and targets and other components of our ESG efforts. Our 2021 Sustainability Report is available on our web site at https://churchdwight.com/pdf/Sustainability/2021-Sustainability-Report.pdf, and our 2022 Sustainability Report will be available in April 2023 (the 2022 Sustainability Report and together with the 2021 Sustainability Report, the Sustainability Reports ). References to our Sustainability Reports are for informational purposes only and neither the Sustainability Reports nor the other information on our website is incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Our global sustainability strategy is derived from our heritage and organizational values. The following six pillars are the core focus of our Environmental and Social efforts . Each is supported through our Governance practices which are intended to maintain a system of rules and practices that determine how we operate and align the interests of our stakeholders in support of ethical business practices and financial success. 
 Our Brands: Delight consumers with our brands and contribute towards a more sustainable world 

Products: Provide safe and effective products for consumers and the environment 

Packaging: Utilize consumer friendly and environmentally responsible packaging 

Employees and Communities: Embrace the principles of diversity, equity and inclusion DEI ), good corporate citizenship and social responsibility within the communities we can impact 

Environment: Minimize environmental impact of our global operations, with a focus on increased renewable energy usage, reduced water consumption, greenhouse gas emissions and solid waste to landfills 

Responsible Sourcing : Improve our suppliers environmental, labor, health safety and ethical practices 

Environmental . Our operations are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations relating to environmental concerns, including air emissions, wastewater discharges, solid and hazardous waste management activities, and the safety of our employees. We endeavor to take actions necessary to comply with such regulations. These steps include periodic environmental and health and safety audits of our facilities. The audits, conducted by independent firms with expertise in environmental, health and safety compliance, include site visits at each location, as well as a review of documentary information, to determine compliance with such federal, state, local and foreign laws, rules and regulations. However, our environmental priorities extend well beyond our compliance efforts, and include our focus on 
 4 

providing safe and effective products for consumers and the environment, utilizing consumer friendly and environmentally responsible packaging, achieving greenhouse gas emission reductions, reducing water usage, recycling waste and solid waste and improving our suppliers environmental practices. 
 Social . Our Social focus areas include our goals of delighting consumers with our brands through our contributions towards a more sustainable world, improving our suppliers labor, health safety and ethical practices, and supporting our employees to create a stronger, more resilient company while contributing to a better world. In their everyday work, employees embody our commitments to integrity, quality, and innovation, and in doing so, directly contribute to our long-standing character and reputation. Employee safety is a top priority. We develop and administer company-wide policies designed to ensure the safety of each team member and compliance with OSHA standards and, during the height of the pandemic, we implemented COVID-19 protocols across all locations to ensure both the safety of our employees and compliance with federal and local requirement and guidelines, and have continued these practices as the pandemic has moved into new stages where appropriate or required. We embrace the diversity of our employees and believe that a diverse workforce reflective of our consumer base fosters innovation and cultivates an environment filled with unique perspectives and strive to promote a culture and processes that support and enhance our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent at every level. As part of our enhanced diversity and inclusion initiatives and our commitment to transparency and accountability, in 2022, we began publishing workplace demographics of our employees in our Sustainability Reports. We also encourage our employees to become involved in their communities through our Employee Giving Fund and The Church Dwight Philanthropic Foundation (the Foundation which is focused on helping to create DEI opportunities and advancing environmental preservation. The Foundation is administered by our employees. See pages 13-14 in this Item 1 of this Annual Report under Employees and Human Capital for a discussion of our human capital management. 
 Governance . Our governance focus includes the processes, rules, resources and systems in support of our operational, sustainability and ESG efforts, have been described in our 2022 Proxy Statement and will be described in our Proxy Statement for our upcoming Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the caption Sustainability Strategy and ESG Pillars and in our 2022 Sustainability Report. Our Corporate Issues Council (the Council ), comprised of senior executives representing all of our key functional areas, guides the integration of sustainability with all parts of our business and drives continuous improvement in our sustainability approach and performance. The Council takes the lead in defining and implementing our sustainability strategies across the six sustainability and ESG pillars. Our Board of Directors, acting principally through its Governance, Nominating Corporate Responsibility Committee, oversees our sustainability efforts, with that Committee and the Compensation Human Capital and Audit Committees each focusing on specified areas of sustainability, including compliance and ethics, human capital and DEI. Our Independent Lead Director is responsible for ensuring that stockholder requests, recommendations and proposals are evaluated by the Governance, Nominating Corporate Responsibility Committee, additional committees within the Board as appropriate, and then by the Board of Directors, if needed. 
 As described in our Sustainability Reports, our continued progress in key areas of ESG has earned recognition from various third parties. 
 We use the standards and guidelines of the Global Reporting Initiative, Sustainability Accounting Standards Board industry specific standards and the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures to inform our sustainability and ESG disclosures included in this Annual Report, our Proxy Statement and our Sustainability Reports. The materiality thresholds in those standards and guidelines may differ from the concept of materiality for purposes of the federal securities laws and disclosures required by the Commission s rules in this Annual Report. Moreover, the inclusion of sustainability and ESG disclosures in this Annual Report and in our other filings with the Commission does not necessarily imply that we consider them to be material for purposes of the federal securities laws or the Commission s rules and regulations governing such disclosure. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION ABOUT SEGMENTS AND PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS 
 
 As discussed in more detail below, we operate in three principal segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International, and our Specialty Products Division SPD ). Refer to Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report and the discussion in Item 7: Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for information concerning the results of each of our segments. 
 All domestic brand rankings contained in this Annual Report are based on dollar share rankings from Information Resources, Inc. IRI Total US Multi Outlet MULO for the period ending December 25, 2022. Foreign brand rankings are derived from several sources. 
 
 Recent Acquisitions 
 
 On October 13, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Hero Cosmetics, Inc. Hero ), the developer of the Hero brand which includes the MIGHTY PATCH acne treatment products (the Hero Acquisition ). We paid 546.8 million, net of cash acquired, at closing, and deferred an additional cash payment of 8.0 million for five years to satisfy certain indemnification obligations, if necessary. We also issued 61.5 million of restricted stock which will be recognized as compensation expense as the restricted stock held for individuals who will continue to be employed by the Company vest. The vesting requirements are satisfied at various dates over a three-year period from the date of the acquisition. Hero s annual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 
 5 

179.0 million. The Hero Acquisition was financed with cash on hand and commercial paper borrowings and is managed in the Consumer Domestic segment. 
 
 Consumer Domestic 
 Our founders first marketed sodium bicarbonate, otherwise known as baking soda, in 1846 for use in home baking. Today, this product has a wide variety of uses in the home, including as a refrigerator and freezer deodorizer, scratch-free cleaner and deodorizer for kitchen surfaces and cooking appliances, bath additive, dentifrice, cat litter deodorizer and swimming pool pH stabilizer. We specialize in baking soda-based products, as well as other products which use the same raw materials or technology or which are sold in the same markets. Our Consumer Domestic segment includes each of our 14 power brands, as well as other well-known brands and household and personal care products. We divide the Consumer Domestic segment into household and personal care product groups. 
 Household Products 
 In 2022, household products constituted approximately 55 of our Consumer Domestic sales and approximately 42 of our consolidated net sales. 
 ARM HAMMER Baking Soda remains the number one leading brand of baking soda in terms of consumer recognition of the brand name and reputation for quality and value. The cleaning and deodorizing properties of baking soda have led to the development of numerous baking soda-based household products. For example, we market ARM HAMMER FRIDGE FRESH , a refrigerator deodorizer equipped with a baking soda filter to help keep food tasting fresher, and ARM HAMMER Carpet Deodorizer. Our other primary household products include laundry detergents marketed under the ARM HAMMER, OXICLEAN and XTRA brands, fabric softener sheets marketed under the ARM HAMMER brand, cat litter under our ARM HAMMER brand, and household cleaning products under the CLEAN SHOWER , SCRUB FREE , ORANGE GLO , OXICLEAN and KABOOM brands. Our laundry detergents constitute our largest consumer business, measured by net sales. 
 
 Personal Care Products 
 In 2022, personal care products constituted approximately 45 of our Consumer Domestic sales and approximately 35 of our consolidated net sales. 
 Our personal care business was founded on the unique strengths of our ARM HAMMER trademark and baking soda technology. We have expanded our personal care business through the acquisition of antiperspirants, oral care products, depilatories, reproductive health products, oral analgesics, nasal saline moisturizers, cold shortening and relief, acne treatment, and dietary supplements under a variety of other leading brand names. 
 ARM HAMMER Baking Soda, when used as a dentifrice, helps whiten and polish teeth, removes plaque and leaves the mouth feeling fresh and clean. These properties led to the development of a complete line of sodium bicarbonate-based dentifrice products that are marketed and sold nationally primarily under the ARM HAMMER brand name. Our other personal care products include antiperspirants and deodorants under the ARRID and ARM HAMMER brands, battery-operated toothbrushes under the SPINBRUSH brand, condoms under the TROJAN brand (the number one condom brand in the U.S.), water flossers and showerheads under the WATERPIK brand (the number one water flosser and replacement showerhead brands in the U.S.), home pregnancy and ovulation test kits under the FIRST RESPONSE brand (the number two selling brand in the U.S.), hair-removal products under the NAIR brand the number one depilatory in the U.S.), beauty devices under the FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS brand (the number one women s electric hair removal system in the U.S.), oral analgesics and oral care products under the ORAJEL brand (the number one oral care pain relief in the U.S.), children s gummy dietary supplements under the L IL CRITTERS brand (number two in the U.S.) and adult gummy dietary supplements under the VITAFUSION brand (number one in the U.S.), ZICAM brand the number one cold shortening category in the U.S. ), a growing number of hair products under the BATISTE (the number one dry shampoo in the U.S.), VIVISCAL (the number one leading supplement for thinning hair in the U.S), XFUSION and TOPPIK hair fiber brands (the number one leading brand of hair fiber cosmetics for thinning hair in the U.S), THERABREATH (the number two alcohol free mouthwash in the U.S.), nasal saline moisturizers and solutions under the SIMPLY SALINE brand, and HERO acne treatment products . 
 Consumer International 
 Our Consumer International segment markets a variety of personal care, household and over-the-counter products in international subsidiary markets, including Australia, Canada, France, Germany, Mexico and the United Kingdom. We also export to over 130 markets around the world, including China and Japan, through our global markets group (the Global Markets Group or GMG using a broad network of third-party distributors. 
 Total Consumer International net sales represented approximately 17 of our consolidated net sales in 2022. Net sales of the subsidiary businesses originating in Europe, Canada, Australia and Mexico accounted for 35 , 26 , 8 and 7 , respectively, of our 2022 international 
 6 

net sales in this segment. No other country in which we operate accounts for more than 20 of our total international net sales and no product line accounts for more than 20 of total international net sales. 
 Some of our U.S. power brands such as ARM HAMMER, BATISTE, NAIR, OXICLEAN, TROJAN, L IL CRITTERS, SPINBRUSH, WATERPIK, ANUSOL, and VITAFUSION are distributed in many of our international markets. In addition, we also export unique brands such as STERIMAR , and FEMFRESH out of the United Kingdom as well as our FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS brand, to many countries around the world. 
 We also market the CURASH line of babycare products in Australia, and GRAVOL anti-nauseant and RUB-A535 topical analgesic in Canada and other international markets. We also sell WATERPIK water flossers and showerheads in Australia, Canada, Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Mexico and in other international markets. 
 Specialty Products Division 
 Our SPD segment focuses on sales to businesses and participates in three product areas: Animal and Food Production, Specialty Chemicals and Specialty Cleaners, and accounted for approximately 6 of our consolidated net sales in 2022. 
 Animal and Food Production Products 
 Since the ARM HAMMER Animal and Food Production business began in 1972, with its launch of ARM HAMMER baking soda as a feed additive to help dairy cows produce more milk, we have built a leading portfolio of nutritional supplements designed to help improve the health and productivity of dairy cows. Today our portfolio of dairy nutritional supplements includes brands such as MEGALAC rumen bypass fat a supplement made from natural oils which enables cows to maintain energy levels during the period of high milk production, resulting in improved milk yields. In addition, we market a line of high-quality protein and amino acid products, including BIO-CHLOR and FERMENTEN , which are designed to help reduce health issues associated with calving, as well as provide needed protein to ensure proper growth and milk production. 
 Over the last six years, we have expanded our product offerings to include unique prebiotics and probiotics. CELMANAX Refined Functional Carbohydrate is a yeast-based prebiotic that helps ensure a well-functioning gastrointestinal track in dairy cows, beef cattle, poultry and other livestock. On May 1, 2017, we acquired the Agro Biosciences, Inc. business and we now market the CERTILLUS family of probiotics products in the poultry, dairy, beef and swine industries. On March 8, 2018, we acquired Passport Food Safety Solutions, Inc., which is focused on providing pre- and post-harvest food safety solutions for beef, poultry, and swine primarily for the application to carcasses to reduce food borne pathogens. 
 Specialty Chemicals 
 Our specialty chemicals business primarily encompasses the manufacture, marketing and sale of sodium bicarbonate in a range of grades and granulations for use in industrial markets. In industrial markets, sodium bicarbonate is used by other manufacturing companies as a leavening agent for commercial baked goods, as an antacid in pharmaceuticals, as a carbon dioxide release agent in fire extinguishers, as an alkaline agent in swimming pool chemicals, and as a buffer in kidney dialysis. 
 We and Occidental Chemical Corporation are equal partners in a joint venture, Armand Products Company, which manufactures and markets potassium carbonate and potassium bicarbonate for sale in domestic and international markets. The potassium-based products are used in a wide variety of applications, including agricultural products, specialty glass and ceramics, and potassium silicates. Armand also manufactures a potassium carbonate-based animal feed additive for sale by us in the dairy industry, described above under Animal and Food Production Products. Armand s results are included in our Corporate segment. 
 Specialty Cleaners 
 We also provide a line of cleaning and deodorizing products for use in commercial and industrial applications such as office buildings, hotels, restaurants and other facilities. 
 We and Safety-Kleen Systems, Inc. Safety-Kleen are equal partners in a joint venture, ARMAKLEEN , which has built a specialty cleaning products business based on our technology and Safety-Kleen s sales and distribution organization. In North America, this joint venture distributes our proprietary product line of aqueous cleaners along with our ARMEX blast media line, which is designed for the removal of a wide variety of surface coatings. These results are included in our Corporate segment. 

7 

COMPETITION 
 We compete in the household and personal care consumer product categories, which are highly innovative categories, characterized by a continuous flow of new products and line extensions, and require significant advertising and promotion. We compete in these categories primarily on the basis of product innovation and performance, brand recognition, price, value and other consumer benefits. Consumer products, particularly laundry and dietary supplements, are subject to significant price competition. As a result, we, from time to time, may need to reduce the prices for some of our products to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Product introductions typically involve heavy marketing and trade spending in the year of launch, and we usually are not able to determine whether the new products and line extensions will be successful until a period of time has elapsed following the introduction of the new products or the extension of the product line. 
 Because of the competitive retail environment, we face pricing pressure from our retail customers and customers selling through other channels, particularly high-volume retail customers including, internet-based retailers, who have increasingly sought to obtain pricing concessions or better trade terms that could reduce our margins. Furthermore, if we are unable to maintain price or trade terms acceptable to our customers, they could increase product purchases from competitors and reduce purchases from us, which would harm our sales and profitability. 
 Our competitors in the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments include, among others, Procter Gamble Company P G ), The Clorox Company, Colgate-Palmolive Company, S.C. Johnson Son, Inc., Nestle Purina PetCare Company and Nestle Health Science, Haleon plc, Henkel, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, Johnson Johnson, Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, Alere Inc., NBTY, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Unilever PLC, Sanofi and Pharmavite LLC. Many of these companies have greater financial resources than we do and have the capacity to outspend us in their attempts to gain market share. In addition, the growing number of sales channels and business models, such as niche brands, internet-only brands and retailer co-developed and owned brands, have increased competition in certain product categories, particularly within personal care, specialty hair care and dietary supplements, from less well capitalized competitors. 
 Competition within our animal and food production and our specialty chemicals product lines is intense. The specialty chemicals business operates in a competitive environment influenced by capacity utilization, customers leverage and the impact of raw material and energy costs. Product introductions typically involve introductory educational costs in the year of launch, and we usually are not able to determine whether new products and line extensions will be successful until a period of time has elapsed following the introduction of new products or the extension of the product lines. Our key competitors with respect to our SPD segment are Cargill Incorporated, Lallemand Inc., Solvay Chemicals, Inc., Genesis Alkali and Natural Soda, Inc. For additional discussion of the competitive environment in which we conduct our business, see Item 1A, Risk Factors. 
 DISTRIBUTION OF OUR PRODUCTS 
 Our Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments products are marketed primarily through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores, and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell our products to consumers. The Consumer Domestic Segment employs a sales force based regionally throughout the U.S. and utilizes the services of independent brokers, who represent our products in the food, mass, pet, dollar, club, and numerous other classes of trade. Our Consumer International segment conducts business through subsidiaries and global export markets. Our subsidiaries employ local sales and marketing teams that manage the retailer and trade relationships while export sales and marketing professionals also manage an extensive distributor network in our global export markets. Our products are stored in our plants and third-party owned warehouses and are either delivered by independent trucking companies or picked up by customers at our facilities. 
 SPD markets sodium bicarbonate and other chemicals to industrial and agricultural customers primarily throughout the U.S. and Canada. Distribution is accomplished through a dedicated sales force supplemented by manufacturers representatives and independent distributors. Our products in this segment are stored in our plants and public warehouses and are either delivered by independent trucking companies or picked up by customers at our facilities. 
 SEASONALITY 
 
 Our business is generally not seasonal, although the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments are affected by sales of SPINBRUSH battery-operated toothbrushes and WATERPIK water flossers (which typically are higher during the fall, in advance of the holiday season), sales of NAIR depilatories and waxes (which typically are higher in the spring and summer months), sales of VITAFUSION and L IL CRITTERS dietary supplements and ZICAM cold shortening and relief products (which typically are slightly higher in the fourth quarter of each year, in advance of the cold and flu season and renewed commitments to health). In SPD, several of our Animal and Food Production products experience higher demand in warmer weather months creating higher seasonal demand in the second and third quarters of the year. 
 
 8 

RAW MATERIALS AND SOURCES OF SUPPLY 
 We manufacture sodium bicarbonate for our consumer and specialty products businesses at our plants located at Green River, Wyoming and Old Fort, Ohio. The primary source of soda ash, a basic raw material used in the production of sodium bicarbonate, is the mineral trona, which is found in abundance in southwestern Wyoming near our Green River plant. We have adequate trona reserves under mineral leases to support our sodium bicarbonate requirements for the foreseeable future. 
 We are a party to a partnership agreement with Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners, which mines and processes trona reserves in Wyoming. We fulfill a substantial amount of our soda ash requirements through the partnership and related supply and services agreements, enabling us to achieve some of the economies of an integrated business capable of producing sodium bicarbonate and related products from the basic raw material. We also have an agreement for the supply of soda ash from another company. The partnership agreement and other supply agreements between the Tata Chemicals (Soda Ash) Partners and us are terminable upon two years notice by either of us. We believe that sufficient alternative sources of soda ash supply are available. 
 We believe that ample sources of raw materials are available for all our other major products. Detergent chemicals are used in a variety of our products and are available from a number of sources. Bottles, paper products and clay are available from multiple suppliers, although we choose to source most of these materials from single sources under long-term supply agreements in order to gain favorable economies of scale. We also use certifiable sustainable palm oil derivatives in a number of products, including primarily in our rumen bypass fats products. Alternative sources of supply are available in case of the disruption or termination of the supply agreements. 
 The cost of raw materials, including surfactants, diesel fuel and oil-based raw and packaging materials used primarily in our consumer businesses, were higher in 2022 relative to 2021, increasing our core commodity costs. Increases in the prices of certain raw materials could materially impact our costs and financial results if we are unable to pass such costs along in the form of price increases to our customers. 
 We utilize the services of third party contract manufacturers around the world for certain products. 
 PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS 
 Our trademarks appear in upper case letters throughout this Annual Report. The majority of our trademarks are registered with either the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office or with the trademark offices of many foreign countries. The ARM HAMMER trademark has been used by us since 1867 and is a valuable asset and important to the successful operation of our business. Our products are sold under many other valuable trademarks held by us, including TROJAN, NAIR, ORAJEL, WATERPIK, FIRST RESPONSE, XTRA, OXICLEAN, SPINBRUSH, BATISTE, SIMPLY SALINE, L IL CRITTERS, VITAFUSION, ZICAM, THERABREATH and HERO . Our portfolio of trademarks represents substantial value in the businesses using the trademarks. 
 U.S. patents are currently granted for a term of 20 years from the date the patent application is filed. Although we actively seek and maintain a number of patents, no single patent is considered significant to the business as a whole. 
 CUSTOMERS AND ORDER BACKLOG 
 In the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, net sales to our largest customer, Walmart Inc. and its affiliates Walmart ), were 24 , 24 and 23 respectively, of our consolidated net sales. No other customer accounted for 10 or more of our consolidated net sales in the three-year period. The time between receipt of orders and shipment is generally short, and as a result, backlog is not significant. 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATION 
 General 
 All of our products are subject to regulation by one or more U.S. agencies, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA ), the Environmental Protection Agency EPA ), the Federal Trade Commission FTC ), the Consumer Product Safety Commission CPSC as well as foreign agencies such as the European Commission, Health Canada, the Australia Therapeutic Goods Administration, the Mexico Federal Commission for Protection Against Health Risks (COFEPRIS) and others. 
 FDA regulations govern a variety of matters relating to our products, such as product development, manufacturing, premarket clearance or approval, labeling, distribution and post-market surveillance including complaint vigilance. The regulations adopted and standards imposed by the FDA and similar foreign agencies evolve over time and can require us to make changes in our manufacturing processes and quality systems to remain in compliance. These agencies periodically inspect manufacturing and other facilities. To maintain certification of our quality system and certain of the technical files of our products, we must monitor and adapt to changes to applicable standards. These changes may impose burdensome new requirements that require significant investment or rework. If we fail to comply with applicable 
 9 

regulations and standards, we may be subject to sanctions, including fines and penalties, the recall of products and cessation of manufacturing and/or distribution. 
 In addition, we sell products that are subject to regulation under the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, both of which are administered by the EPA. Similar laws exist in other markets and may apply to our products. 
 We are also subject to regulation by the FTC and its counterparts in other jurisdictions in connection with the content and truthfulness of our labeling, advertising, promotion, trade practices and other matters. The FTC and foreign agencies have instituted numerous enforcement actions against companies for failure to adequately substantiate claims made in advertising or for the use of otherwise false or misleading advertising claims. These enforcement actions have resulted in consent decrees and the payment of civil penalties and/or restitution by the companies involved. Such actions can result in substantial financial penalties and significantly restrict the marketing of our products. 
 The CPSC and consumer protection agencies around the world have jurisdiction over consumer products, regulates their safety and has authority over recalls. The CPSC administers the Poison Prevention Packaging Act and has issued regulations requiring special child resistant packaging for certain products, including pharmaceuticals, dietary supplements, and dietary substances, containing certain ingredients (e.g., iron). The CPSC and similar foreign agencies also develop and enforce mandatory product safety standards to address trending safety concerns, such as the use of button cell batteries or the presence of toxic chemicals in consumer products. 
 Our relationship with certain union employees is regulated by various agencies of the countries, states, provinces and other localities in which we sell our products. 
 Medical Device Clearance and Approval 
 To be commercially distributed in the U.S., a medical device must, unless exempt, receive clearance or approval from the FDA pursuant to the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA ). For lower risk class II devices, we must generally submit a premarket notification requesting clearance for commercial distribution known as a 510(k) clearance. Our condoms, lubricants, STERIMAR nasal congestion relief, home pregnancy test kits and WATERPIK professional dental products are regulated as class II devices. Some other low risk devices, including SPINBRUSH and other battery powered toothbrushes, oral care products including toothpastes, therapeutic massagers, nasal congestion relief and wound wash, wrist supports, WATERPIK water flossers and HERO acne treatment products are in class I or are unclassified and are generally exempted from the 510(k) requirements. To obtain 510(k) clearance, a device must be determined to be substantially equivalent in intended use and in safety and effectiveness to a benchmark device, or predicate that is already legally in commercial distribution. Any modification to a 510(k) cleared device that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a change in its intended use, generally requires a new 510(k) clearance. We may determine that a new 510(k) clearance is not required, but if the FDA disagrees, it may retroactively require a 510(k) clearance and may require us to cease marketing or recall the modified device until 510(k) clearance is obtained. 
 
 In many countries outside the United States, to distribute a medical device lawfully, we must demonstrate conformity to local or regional standards for quality, safety and performance. For class II medical devices, we must obtain either government approval or certification from an accredited and approved Notified Body NB that also performs periodic planned and surprise audits of our files and our quality system. These audits are shared in some cases, specifically among regulators in the U.S., Canada, Australia, Brazil, and Japan. Modification to a certified device generally requires government or NB review and approval prior to implementation of the change. Additionally, all safety incidents reported to a Health Authority must also be reported to the NB. 
 OTC Pharmaceutical 
 We market over-the-counter OTC pharmaceutical products, such as anti-acne cream, anticavity toothpaste, anticavity rinse, antiperspirant, hemorrhoid relief, skin protectant, antinauseant, oral analgesic and sunscreen drug products, that are subject to FDA and foreign regulation. Under the U.S. OTC monograph system, selected OTC pharmaceutical products are generally recognized as safe and effective and do not require the submission and approval of a new drug application. The FDA OTC monographs include well-known ingredients and specify requirements for permitted indications, required warnings and precautions, allowable combinations of ingredients and dosage levels. Pharmaceutical products marketed under the OTC monograph system must conform to specific quality, formula and labeling requirements. Following the passage of the CARES Act, FDA is updating and working to finalize current monographs, including those that affect our oral care products and HERO sunscreens. With these new regulations, OTC products will now need to be state of the art and will have significant focus on GMPs, especially manufacturing, final formulation testing, and safety incident reporting. Products not in the monograph system can be deemed to be unapproved new drugs and can be forced from the market. This is particularly the case for homeopathic drug products like certain ZICAM products. Both the FDA and the FTC have taken the position that homeopathic products are unapproved new drugs. Regulatory action against these products is deemed unlikely unless the products present an unreasonable safety risk. ZICAM homeopathic products are not currently perceived to pose any such risk. 
 All facilities where OTC pharmaceutical products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored or distributed must comply with cGMP regulations and/or regulations promulgated by competent authorities in the countries where the facilities are located. All of our pharmaceutical products are manufactured, tested, packaged, stored and distributed according to cGMP regulations. The FDA performs 
 10 

periodic audits to ensure that our facilities remain in compliance with all appropriate regulations. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to a breach of representations made to customers or to regulatory action against us related to the products made in that facility, such as seizure, injunction or recall. Serious product quality concerns could also result in governmental actions against us that, among other things, could result in the suspension of production or distribution of our products, product seizures, loss of certain licenses or other governmental penalties, and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operating results. We are required to report serious adverse events associated with the use of our OTC pharmaceutical products marketed in the U.S. 
 We cannot predict whether new legislation regulating our activities will be enacted or what effect any legislation would have on our business. 
 Medical Device and OTC Pharmaceutical Postmarket Regulation 
 After a medical device and/or OTC pharmaceutical is commercialized, numerous regulatory requirements apply, including: 
 international quality system regulations, including those of the FDA and other regulatory authorities, impose current Good Manufacturing Practice cGMP requirements governing the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the design, manufacture, packaging, servicing, labeling, storage, installation, and distribution of all finished medical devices and OTC pharmaceuticals intended for human use; 

global standards and regulations affecting product design and development, including requirements to keep existing products current to the state of the art, and doing an ongoing assessment of the risk acceptability, adopting risk control measures where appropriate, and re-assessing the clinical benefit; 

labeling regulations, including a prohibition on product promotion for unapproved or off label uses; 

the medical device and drug reporting regulation requiring a manufacturer to report to the regulatory authorities if its drug or device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur and ongoing post-market surveillance of the product and like-products to continuously evaluate the benefit/risk over the life of the product; and 

regulations on corrections and removals which require a manufacturer to report recalls and field actions to the regulatory authorities if initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of the applicable laws. 

Food Products 
 We market baking soda and animal feed products, such as rumen fermentation enhancers and Dietary Cation-Anion Difference DCAD balancers that are also subject to FDA and foreign regulation. The Food Safety Modernization Act FSMA regulates food and animal feed products and mandates preventive controls, including hazard analysis, risk controls, supplier qualifications and controls and increased record keeping. FSMA grants the FDA the authority to require mandatory recalls for products under certain conditions. The FDA is currently in the process of establishing rules and guidance to implement the provisions of FSMA. The potential impact of these rules and applicable guidance will be determined as they are published, and compliance plans will be effected as necessary. 
 Dietary Supplements 
 The processing, formulation, safety, manufacturing, packaging, labeling, advertising, distribution, importing, selling, and storing our gummy vitamin dietary supplements are subject to regulation by one or more federal agencies, including the FDA, the FTC, the CPSC, the EPA, and by various agencies of the states and localities in which our products are sold. The FDCA governs the composition, safety, labeling, manufacturing and marketing of dietary supplements. Additionally, dietary supplements sold outside the U.S. may be regulated as drugs. 
 It is unlawful to market as a dietary supplement any article that is approved as a new drug or is authorized for investigation as a new drug for which substantial clinical investigations have been instituted and made public, unless that article was first marketed as a dietary supplement or food. The FDA has authority to effectively void that restriction through the issuance of a regulation finding the article lawful. The FDA has issued Warning Letters to companies selling supplements with unapproved new dietary ingredients, unsafe food additives, and/or drug claims. 
 Dietary ingredients that were not marketed in the U.S. before October 15, 1994 must be the subject of a new dietary ingredient notification submitted to the FDA at least 75 days before the initial marketing, unless the ingredient has been present in the food supply as an article used for food without being chemically altered. The notification must provide evidence of a history of use or other evidence establishing that use of the dietary ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe. The FDA may determine that notification does not provide an adequate basis to conclude that a new ingredient is reasonably expected to be safe, which could effectively prevent the marketing of the ingredient. In May 2022, the FDA issued draft guidance on enforcement policy with regard to premarket notification of new dietary ingredients. Although the draft guidance was issued for public comment and does not have the force of law, it is a strong indication of the FDA s current thinking on 
 11 

the FDA s approach to enforcement. The FDA has signaled its intent to enforce the applicable statutes and regulations by requiring submission of a pre-market safety notification for new dietary ingredients. 
 A company that uses a statement of nutritional support in labeling must possess information substantiating that the statement is truthful and not misleading. If the FDA determines that a particular statement of nutritional support is an unacceptable drug claim or an unauthorized version of a health claim, or if the FDA determines that a particular claim is not adequately supported by existing scientific evidence or is otherwise false or misleading, the claim could not be used and any product bearing the claim could be subject to regulatory action. 
 The FDA s cGMP regulations govern the manufacturing, packaging, labeling and holding operations of dietary supplement manufacturers. As with OTC products, the FDA performs periodic audits to ensure that our dietary supplement facilities remain in compliance with all appropriate regulations. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to a breach of representation made to consumers or to regulatory action against us related to the products made in that facility, seizure, injunction or recall. There is considerable uncertainty with respect to the FDA s interpretation and implementation of the cGMP regulations. The failure of a manufacturing facility to comply with the cGMP regulations may render products manufactured in that facility adulterated and subjects those products and the manufacturer to a variety of potential FDA enforcement actions. The manufacturer, packer, or distributor of a dietary supplement marketed in the U.S. whose name appears on the label of the supplement is required to report serious adverse events associated with the use of that supplement to the FDA. 
 Additional legislation may be introduced which, if passed, would impose substantial new regulatory requirements on dietary supplements. The effect of additional domestic or international governmental legislation, regulations, or administrative orders, if and when promulgated, cannot be determined. New legislation or regulations may require the reformulation of certain products to meet new standards and require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not capable of reformulation. 
 
 12 

HUMAN CAPITAL 
 Overview 
 Much of our success comes from our culture. Our people share a collective energy and ambition towards making a difference supporting the greater good, by providing affordable, quality products for everyday life, as reflected in our ESG and sustainability commitments, and by giving back to their communities. Our culture generates a collective passion, strength and determination to make an outsized impact, every day. 
 Safety and Wellness 
 Employee safety remains our top priority. We develop and administer company-wide policies to ensure the safety of each team member and compliance with OSHA standards. 
 Our Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 5,250 global employees, an increase of approximately 125 compared to December 31, 2021. Approximately 87 of our workforce is located in the Americas, 10 in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, and 3 in the Asia-Pacific region. About 49 of our employees are salaried and about 51 are paid hourly wages. During fiscal 2022, our overall turnover rate was approximately 21.5 . Our revenue per employee in fiscal 2022 was approximately 1.02 million. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We embrace the diversity of our employees and, our DEI efforts aspire to help us achieve a more diverse workforce. We also strive to cultivate a culture and processes that support and enhance our ability to recruit, develop and retain diverse talent at every level. 
 As a company we remain committed to fair treatment, access, opportunity, and advancement, while at the same time striving to identify and eliminate barriers that have prevented the full participation of underrepresented groups. 
 In 2020, we established a Diversity Inclusion Council that provides strategic direction, guidance and advocacy for our DEI initiatives which is led by our Chief Executive Officer and our Director, Diversity Inclusion and includes diverse employees at every level from around the world. Our Board of Directors, acting principally through its Compensation Human Capital Committee, oversees our DEI efforts. 
 We are committed to transparency and accountability that will drive continuous progress. As part of our enhanced diversity and inclusion initiatives and our commitment to transparency and accountability, in 2022 we began publishing workplace demographics of our employees in our Sustainability Reports. 
 Hiring, Development and Retention 
 Our talent strategy is focused on attracting the best talent and recognizing and rewarding performance, while continually developing, engaging and retaining our talented employees. 
 We invest resources in professional development and growth as a means of improving employee performance and improving retention. This includes our bi-annual LEAP (Leadership Empowerment Achievement Program), which is aimed at continuous learning, professional training and development opportunities, targeted leadership development courses for new and existing leaders of different levels of seniority, tuition reimbursement, and job specific programs for our employees. 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Attracting and retaining talent is a priority at Church Dwight. We offer competitive pay and a range of benefits that support the well-being of our increasingly diverse workforce. This includes offering competitive salaries and wages, as well as benefits such as health insurance, retirement and profit-sharing plans, and paid time off. 
 Employees are eligible for health insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental, vision, hospital indemnity, accident, critical illness, and disability insurance, life insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts, reproductive rights coverage, participation in savings plans, and identity theft insurance, in each case subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable plans and programs. 
 
 13 

Communities 
 We encourage our employees to become involved in their communities, and in 2022, our Employee Giving Fund supported our communities by providing 1.3 million to 220 deserving community organizations through annual grants, disaster relief, and other monetary support. Employees purchased back-to-school supplies online to support disadvantaged youth, donated clothes and non-perishable items for clothing and food drives and provided supplies for a summer camp and holiday dinner for families in need. The Foundation was established in 2020 with the focus on helping to create equitable and inclusive opportunities and advancing environmental preservation. The Foundation is administered by our employees. In 2022, seven organizations were chosen and received grants in aggregate totaling 915,000. In the DEI space, the following organizations received grants: Junior Achievement, Bowie University and Virginia State University. In the Sustainability space, the following organizations received grants: The Recycling Partnership, the Ocean Conservancy, Northeast Wilderness Trust, and The Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation. 

14 

PUBLIC INFORMATION 
 We maintain a website at www.churchdwight.com and on the Investors-Financial Information-SEC Filings page of our website we make available free of charge our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file these materials with, or furnish them to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Commission ). Also available on the Investors-Corporate Governance page on our website are our Corporate Governance Guidelines, charters for the Audit, Compensation, Human Capital and Governance, Nominating Corporate Responsibility Committees of our Board of Directors (the Board ), our Code of Conduct and our Proxy Statement. We also publish a Sustainability Report that summarizes our business and corporate responsibility commitments and accomplishments including those related to our environmental, social, and governance performance. For more information regarding our sustainability strategy and ESG pillars please see the Responsibility page on our website and the discussion under the capital Our Sustainability Strategy and Environmental, Social and Governance ESG Pillars included above. Each of the foregoing is also available in print free of charge and may be obtained upon written request to: Church Dwight Co., Inc., 500 Charles Ewing Boulevard, Ewing, New Jersey 08628, attention: Secretary. The information presented on our website is not a part of this Annual Report and the reference to our website is intended to be an inactive textual reference only. 
 
 15 

I TEM 1A.	RISK FACTORS 
 The following risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Annual Report or in our other filings with the Commission, could, individually and collectively, have a material adverse impact on our business, reputation, financial results, financial condition and/or the trading price of our Common Stock: 
 Business and Operational Risks 
 We face intense competition in our markets. 

We face intense competition from consumer products companies, both in the U.S. and in international markets. Most of our products compete with other widely-advertised promoted and merchandised brands within each product category and from retailers, including supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, which are increasingly offering private label and retailer-branded brands and generic non-branded products in certain categories, which typically are sold at lower prices. In China, in particular we face strong competition from local manufacturers offering both generic and branded products. The use of evolving technology to develop more complex pricing models by retailers has led and may continue to lead to pricing pressures in some categories. In addition, during times of economic uncertainty, consumers may purchase more private label or other lower price brands, especially at a time of rising inflation. These developments have increased competition in certain product categories in particular, including dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics. In addition to competition across all our product categories, there continues to be significant product competition in the gummy dietary supplement category, which has grown from about 10 competitors a decade ago to more than 50 of significance in recent years. Shifting consumer behavior, including accelerated shifts to online shopping which has been accelerated by the COVID-19 pandemic, have also increased competition in e-commerce in many of our categories, from our larger legacy competitors and newer digitally native brands which have increasingly moved into consumer products and staples. 
 Many of our competitors are large companies, including, among others, P G, The Clorox Company, Colgate-Palmolive Company, S.C. Johnson Son, Inc., Nestle Purina PetCare Company and Nestle Health Science, Haleon plc, Henkel, Reckitt Benckiser Group plc, Johnson Johnson, Pfizer Inc., Bayer AG, Alere Inc., NBTY, Inc., Koninklijke Philips N.V., Unilever PLC, Sanofi and Pharmavite LLC. Many of these companies have greater financial resources than we do, and, therefore, have the capacity to outspend us on advertising and promotional activities and introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than we can. 
 Our products generally compete on the basis of performance, brand recognition, price, value or other benefits to consumers. Significant price competition may require us to reduce the prices for some of our products to price levels that do not offset manufacturing cost increases, to respond to competitive and customer pressures and to maintain market share. Increases to our prices, as a result of inflationary pressures or otherwise, could cause declining sales of products whose prices we have increased. In response to ongoing inflationary pressures and other factors, we have recently raised prices on many of our products across our global portfolio of brands over the past few years. Ongoing periods of high inflation could lead to additional price increases on these or our other products. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also have a significant impact on retail customer decisions regarding the brands and product lines they sell and on consumer purchasing decisions. A newly introduced consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain its relative market position. If our advertising, marketing and promotional programs, including the use of digital and social media to reach consumers, are not effective, our sales growth may decline. 
 A continued change in the retail environment and changing consumer preferences could cause our sales to decline. 

Despite increasing shifts to e-commerce, sales of our products remain highest in the traditional mass merchandiser, food and drug retail stores, and our products are also sold in club stores and dollar stores channels. However, alternative retail channels, including direct to consumer, e-commerce retailers, hard discounters, subscription services and buying clubs, have become more prevalent and the volume of consumer products that are sold through such alternative retail channels is continuing to increase, which may affect customer and consumer preferences, including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and market dynamics, including any pricing pressures for consumer goods as retailers face added costs to build their e-commerce capacity. In addition, a growing number of alternative sales channels and business models, such as niche brands, native online brands, private label and store brands, direct-to-consumer brands and channels and discounter channels, have emerged in the markets we serve driven, in part, by the COVID-19 pandemic. In particular, the growing presence of, and increasing sales through, e-commerce retailers have affected, and may continue to affect, consumer behavior or preferences (as consumers increasingly shop online and via mobile and social applications) and market dynamics, including any pricing pressures for consumer goods as retailers face added costs to build their e-commerce capacity. These trends have been magnified due to the COVID-19 pandemic in many of our geographies. Further, consumer preferences continue to evolve due to a number of factors, including fragmentation of the consumer market and changes in consumer demographics, including the aging of the general population and the emergence of Millennials and Generation Z who have different spending, consumption and purchasing habits; evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding ESG practices of manufacturers, including, packaging materials, such as plastic packaging, and their environmental impact; greenhouse gas 
 16 

emissions; waste disposal practices; a growing demand for natural or organic products and ingredients; changing consumer sentiment toward non-local products or sources among Millennials and other demographic groups; evolving consumer concerns or perceptions regarding the effects of ingredients or substances present in certain consumer products; reduced brand loyalty; and concerns regarding human capital practices, including DEI. 
 We and many of our competitors have increased our online sales as a result of shifting consumer behavior, benefiting from scale, brand recognition, and other factors. However, as consumers continue to shift their behavior, retailers may incur higher e-commerce operating costs and will seek to recover those costs by passing them onto customers and manufacturers. Additionally, we cannot predict the extent to which our increased e-commerce demand will continue and a reduction in demand would have a negative impact on our sales. 
 Volatility and increases in the price of raw and packaging materials or energy costs could erode our profit margins. 

The principal raw materials and packaging used by us and certain of our suppliers and contract manufacturers include surfactants (cleaning agents), paper products and resin-based molded components. Volatility, and increases in the costs of raw materials without offsetting price increases, disruptions in production or transportation, or increases in the costs of energy, labor, shipping and other necessary services, or other inflationary pressures, including market conditions, inflation, supplier capacity restraints, geopolitical developments (including the ongoing conflict in Ukraine), port congestions or delays, transport capacity restraints, or other disruptions, could significantly affect our profit margins if we are unable to pass along any higher costs in the form of price increases or otherwise achieve cost efficiencies, such as in manufacturing and distribution. Significant inflation of material, component and co-packer input costs impacted our gross margin in 2022, and we expect inflationary pressures to continue into 2023. While we have increased prices on a majority of our products, there is no assurance that we will be able to fully offset any input costs increases, through cost reduction programs or price increases of our products or enter locked-in price arrangements or hedge agreements, especially given the competitive environment. Sustained, those price increases may lead to declines in volume as competitors may reduce their prices or customers may decide not to pay higher prices, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share. While we seek to project tradeoffs between price increases and volume, our projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases. In addition, volatility in certain commodity markets could significantly affect our production cost. 
 From time to time, we use hedge agreements to mitigate the volatility of commodities and diesel fuel prices. The hedge agreements are designed to add stability to product costs, enabling us to make pricing decisions and lessen the economic impact of abrupt changes in prices over the term of the contract. However, in periods of declining fuel or other commodity prices, the hedge agreements can have the effect of locking us in at above-market prices. 
 Loss of any of our principal customers could significantly decrease our sales and profitability. 

A limited number of customers account for a large percentage of our net sales and/or net sales of specific product lines. Walmart is our largest customer, accounting for approximately 24 of net sales in 2022, 24 of net sales in 2021, and 23 of net sales in 2020. Our top four customers accounted for approximately 42 of net sales in 2022 and our top three customers accounted for approximately 37 and 36 of net sales in 2021 and 2020, respectively. We expect that a significant portion of our net sales will continue to be derived from a small number of customers and that these percentages may increase if the growth of mass merchandisers continues. As a result, changes in the strategies of Walmart or any of our other largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry or of shelf space they dedicate to private label products, could materially harm our net sales and profitability. Changes in consumer behavior, including continued shifting to online shopping instead of physical retail shopping as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and other trends, could also impact our sales to our largest customers. Some of our retail customers were forced to shut down during the height of the pandemic, and others that reduced their hours, have not yet returned to full capacity which has impacted and may continue to impact their orders. Some of our retail customers have experienced and may experience in the future declining financial performance, which could affect their ability to pay amounts due to us on a timely basis or at all. If these impacts are prolonged, they can further increase the difficulty of planning for operations. Moreover, the use of evolving technology by our customers to develop more complex pricing models may lead to category pricing pressures. We could also lose a significant customer due to customer service levels or real or perceived product quality or appearance issues. As our business is based primarily upon individual sales orders rather than long-term contracts and most customer agreements include customer termination rights after short notice, many of our customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products from us at any time and for any reason. 
 Decreases in demand for our products would decrease our sales and profitability. 

Factors that can affect demand include competitors products, advertising and pricing actions, inflationary pressures, rates of unemployment, consumer confidence, health care costs, including increased costs as a result of changes in federal regulations, significant shifts in government policies, the deterioration of economic or trade relations between countries or regions, commodity costs, fuel and other energy costs and other economic factors affecting consumer spending behavior, including gasoline and home heating oil pricing, reduced unemployment benefits in periods of high unemployment, restrictions on travel and access to public spaces, and changes in tax policies, other effects of governmental shutdowns or a lapse of appropriations or fear of exposure to or actual impacts of a widespread disease outbreak. In particular, we derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from sales of laundry detergent, and the continued customer demand for these 
 17 

products are critical to our future success. Some products have seen decreasing demand in recent years, including condoms, as a result of demographic and other changes. Recently we have experienced a decline in consumer spending for our most discretionary brands, primarily WATERPIK and FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS. In addition, our WATERPIK brand has also been impacted by a consumer shift to lower cost alternatives due primarily to inflationary pressures and recessionary concerns. Most notably, a growing number of water flosser consumers are continuing to switch to competitors' value-branded products. Moreover, in the vitamin category there continues to be a softening of growth from record high levels during the COVID-19 pandemic and significant product competition coming from new category entrants. Additionally, if our vitamin fill rates (that is, the percentage of customer orders we are able to timely fulfill) continue to be below historical levels, we are vulnerable to retail customers limiting distribution of our vitamin products and consumers shifting their loyalty to competitors products. Also, our Passport Food Safety business has experienced sales and profit declines due to decreased demand driven by the COVID-19 pandemic and pressures from new competitive activities resulting from the loss of exclusivity on a key product line. While the vitamins category saw an increase in demand as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, that demand has waned with the decreased prevalence of COVID-19 infections. However, demand for these products has typically increased during winter months when consumers have increased rates of flu and cold infection, and the continuing prevalence of increased social distancing and flu vaccination rates may have a negative impact on this seasonal performance. 
 An increasing number of our products are more discretionary in nature and, therefore are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending. 
 We rely on the policies of our key retailer customers. 

Larger and increasingly consolidated retailers have increasing influence, and have sought to obtain lower pricing, special packaging inventory practices, logistics or other changes to the customer-supplier relationship as a result of this influence. To the extent we provide concessions or better trade terms to those customers, our profit margins are reduced. Further, if we are unable to effectively respond to the demands of our customers, these customers could reduce their purchases of our products and increase their purchases of products from competitors. Reductions in inventory by our customers, including as a result of consolidation in the retail industry, or these customers managing their working capital requirements, could result in reduced orders for our products and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows for financial periods affected by such reductions. 
 Protracted unfavorable market conditions have caused many of our customers to more critically analyze the number of brands they sell, and reduce or discontinue certain of our product lines, particularly those products that were not number one or two in their category. 
 In addition, private label and retail-branded products sold by retail trade chains are typically sold at lower prices than branded products. As consumers look for opportunities to decrease discretionary spending, our customers have discontinued or reduced distribution of some of our products to encourage those consumers to purchase the customers less expensive and, in some cases, more profitable private label and retail-branded products (primarily in the dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories). 
 We have pursued and may continue to pursue strategic acquisitions and divestitures. 

We may continue to pursue and consummate additional acquisitions, divestitures or substantial investments in complementary businesses or products in the future. However, we may not be able to identify and successfully negotiate suitable strategic acquisition at attractive valuations, obtain financing for future acquisitions on satisfactory terms or otherwise complete future acquisitions. Potential acquisitions may be significantly larger than the ones completed in the past and may require us to increase our levels of debt, potentially resulting in us being assigned a lower credit rating. Recent increases in interest rates may make it more difficult to borrow at attractive rates. In recent periods, competition from other consumer products companies that are seeking similar opportunities has been particularly strong, and valuations for potential acquisition assets have been high, which has placed pressure on our ability to identify, structure and execute transactions. In addition, acquisitions and investments entail various risks, including the difficulty of entering new markets, product categories, or business models, the challenges of integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses or products, the potential disruption of our ongoing business and the ongoing business of the acquired company, the need to review and, if necessary, upgrade processes and systems of the acquired company to conform to our own processes and systems and applicable legal and regulatory requirements, managing an increasingly broad and complex range of businesses and products, and, generally, our potential inability to obtain the desired financial and strategic benefits from the acquisition or investment. Any of these risks may divert management and other resources, require us to incur unanticipated costs or delay the anticipated positive impact on our business and results of the acquisition. The risks associated with assimilation are increased to the extent we acquire businesses that have stand-alone operations or businesses that are in new categories that cannot easily be integrated or operations or sources of supply outside of the U.S. and Canada, for which products are manufactured locally by third parties. 
 Acquired companies or operations or newly-created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. In addition, future acquisitions or investments could result in substantial cash expenditures, the potentially dilutive issuances of new equity by us or the incurrence of additional debt or business acquisition liabilities, the assumption of contingent liabilities, such as those relating to advertising claims, environmental issues and litigation. 
 18 

Market category declines and changes to our product and geographic mix may impact the achievement of our sales growth targets, planned pricing and financial results. 

A significant percentage of our revenues come from mature markets that are subject to high levels of competition. During 2022, approximately 83 of our sales were generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for consumer products are considered mature and commonly characterized by high household penetration, particularly with respect to our most significant product categories, such as laundry detergents, deodorizers, household cleaning products, toothpastes, dietary supplements, antiperspirants and deodorants. Our ability to quickly innovate to adapt our products to meet changing consumer demands is essential, especially in light of e-commerce significantly reducing the barriers for even small competitors to quickly introduce new brands and products directly to consumers. Even if we are successful in increasing sales within our product categories, a continuing or accelerating decline in the overall markets for our products could have a negative impact on our financial results. We have implemented price increases and may implement additional price increases in the future, which may slow sales growth or create volume declines in the short term as customers and consumers adjust to these price increases. 
 Adverse economic conditions continue to impact a portion of our businesses. Recently we have experienced a decline in consumer spending for our most discretionary brands, primarily WATERPIK and FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS. In addition, our WATERPIK brand has also been impacted by a consumer shift to lower cost alternatives due primarily to inflationary pressures and recessionary concerns. Most notably, a growing number of water flosser consumers are continuing to switch to competitors' value-branded products. Moreover, in the vitamin category there continues to be a softening of growth from record high levels during the COVID-19 pandemic and significant product competition coming from new category entrants. Additionally, if our vitamin fill rates continue to be below historical levels, we are vulnerable to retail customers limiting distribution of our vitamin products and consumers shifting their loyalty to competitors products. Our Passport Food Safety business has continued to experience decreased demand driven by the pandemic and other pressures. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that a review of our ability to recover the carrying value of the global FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS intangible assets was necessary based on the discontinuance of certain products at a major retailer. This loss of distribution along with an expected continued decline in discretionary consumption and higher interest rates resulted in an impairment charge as discussed in more detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Overall, we have continued to experience increased online sales. Potential recessionary economic conditions may impact consumer demand for certain of our products and put downward pressure on product prices. 
 New products and product line extensions may not gain widespread customer acceptance, may be otherwise discontinued, or cause sales of existing products to decline. 

Our future performance and growth depend on our ability to successfully identify, develop and introduce new products, product line extensions, products in adjacent categories to our current products, and anticipate changes in consumer preferences. In addition, some of our products have shorter product life spans and depend heavily on our ability to continuously and timely introduce innovative new products to the marketplace. The successful development and introduction of new products involves substantial research, development, marketing and promotional expenditures, which we may be unable to recover if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. New product development and marketing efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product categories in which we have limited or no prior experience, have inherent risks. These risks include product development or launch delays, competitor actions, regulatory approval hurdles and the failure of new products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance. In addition, if sales generated by new products could result in a concomitant decline in sales of existing products. 
 Each year, we introduce new products, including launches into new white space categories, across the majority of our marketed brands. However, there is no assurance that our new products will continue to have widespread acceptance. From time to time, we have discontinued certain products and product lines, which resulted in returns from customers, asset write-offs and shutdown costs. We may suffer similar adverse consequences in the future to the extent we discontinue products that do not meet retailer or consumer expectations or no longer satisfy consumer demand. 
 We are subject to cost overruns and delays, regulatory requirements, and miscalculations in capacity needs with respect to our expansion projects and our manufacturing facilities, as well as disruptions to our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers. 

From time to time, we initiate planned and unplanned expansion projects with respect to our facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers which are subject to risks of, and we have from time to time experienced, delay or cost overruns resulting from numerous factors, including the following: shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; work stoppages; unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; unanticipated cost increases; difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit conditions; difficulties in meeting regulatory or quality requirements or obtaining regulatory approvals; availability of suppliers to certify equipment for existing and enhanced regulations; design and engineering problems; failure or delay of third party service providers; and civil unrest, labor disputes, natural disasters and pandemics. If we were to experience delays or cost overruns in the future it could result in product allocation and retailer frustration, the loss of a significant customer or customers and the material decrease of the sales of one or more of our products. In addition, we could miscalculate our anticipated capacity needs in any of our categories, such as our laundry detergent, cat litter and dietary supplement categories, including as a result of meeting the anticipated demand of our customers, or expansion into new product lines or into new markets. 
 19 

Additionally, the supply of our products depends on the uninterrupted efficient operation of our manufacturing facilities and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers and our ability to meet customer service levels. The manufacturing of certain of our products is concentrated in one or more of our plants, contract manufacturers or other suppliers, with limited alternate qualified facilities available. Many of our manufacturing processes and those of our contract manufacturers and other suppliers are complex and present difficult technical challenges to obtain the manufacturing yields necessary to operate profitably and may require complex and specialized equipment which can be expensive to repair or replace with required lead times of up to a year. 
 Any event that disrupts or otherwise negatively impacts manufacturing facilities, manufacturing systems or equipment, or contract manufacturers or other suppliers could result in the delivery of inferior products or our ability to meet customer requirements or service levels. 
 We rely on a number of contract manufacturers and suppliers, including sole source contract manufacturers and suppliers for certain products, and supply chain issues may result in product shortages or disruptions to the Company s business. 

We rely on a number of contract manufacturers and suppliers for certain of our commodities and raw materials, including sole source suppliers for certain of our raw materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary supplies. New suppliers must be qualified pursuant to our standards and may also have to be qualified under governmental and industry standards and any other standards of our customers, which can require additional investment and time. We could experience material disruptions in production and other supply chain issues, largely because of shortages in supplier labor which continues to impact the availability of many raw and packaging materials, which continues to result in out-of-stock conditions. In addition, continued out-of-stock supplies or products due to supply chain issues may cause our customers to switch to competitors products that are more available. Moreover, our relationships with customers could be adversely affected if new or existing suppliers are unable to meet any standards set by us, government or industry regulations, or our customers, if we are unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business, if any of our key suppliers becomes insolvent, ceases or significantly reduces its operations or experiences financial distress, or if any environmental, economic or other outside factors impact its operations. We may be unable to qualify any needed new contract manufacturers or suppliers or maintain supplier arrangements and relationships based on a variety of factors; we may be unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for our business; certain of our suppliers may not meet the standards of our customers or licensors; or certain of our key contract manufacturers or suppliers may become insolvent or experience other financial distress or face closure or suspension of operations. If any of these events occurs and we have failed to identify and qualify an alternative vendor, then we may be unable to meet our contractual obligations and customer expectations, which could damage our reputation and result in lost customers and sales, or the incurrence of fines or higher than expected expenses. Further, the COVID-19 pandemic caused worldwide increases in demand for some products and reduced demand for other products, we have experienced continuing strain on our supply chain network and its ability to meet such demand. 
 Reduced availability of transportation or disruptions in our transportation network could adversely affect us. 

We distribute our products and receive raw materials and packaging components primarily by truck, rail and ship and through various ports of entry. Reduced availability of trucking, rail or shipping capacity due to labor shortages, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, including climatic events (including any potential effect of climate change), allocation of assets to other industries or geographies or otherwise, work stoppages, closure of operations due to government restrictions or sick employees or other impacts of pandemics, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such transportation sources, could lead to inflationary cost pressures, cause us to incur unanticipated expenses and impair our ability to distribute our products or receive our raw materials or packaging components in a timely manner, which could disrupt our operations, strain our customer relationships and competitive position. 
 Damage to the reputation of one or more of our leading brands could adversely affect us. 

Our financial success is directly dependent on the reputation and success of our brands, particularly the ARM HAMMER, BATISTE, FIRST RESPONSE, NAIR, ORAJEL, OXICLEAN, TROJAN, L IL CRITTERS and VITAFUSION, SPINBRUSH, WATERPIK, XTRA, ZICAM, THERABREATH and HERO brands. The effectiveness of these brands could suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand s image or its ability to attract consumers. Our brands could suffer damage to their reputations due to real or perceived, sustainability, quality or safety issues, including as a result of, among other things, significant product recalls, product-related litigation, defects or impurities in our products, product misuse, changing consumer perceptions of certain ingredients or environmental impacts (including packaging, energy and water use and waste management), or allegations of product tampering. In addition, as our sales on various e-commerce platforms grow, we may be unable to prevent sales of counterfeit, pirated, or stolen goods, unlawful or unethical sales, unauthorized resellers online, or sales in violation of our policies. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that a review of our ability to recover the carrying values of the global FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS intangible assets was necessary based on the discontinuance of certain products at a major retailer. We have removed the FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS brand from our list of power brands. 
 Additionally, claims made in our marketing campaigns may become subject to litigation alleging false advertising and could cause us to alter our marketing plans and may affect sales or result in the imposition of significant damages against us. 
 20 

Widespread use of social media and networking sites by consumers has greatly increased the accessibility and speed of dissemination of negative information. Negative online consumer reviews or inaccurate posting or comments about us or our brands in the media or on any social networking website, whether accurate or inaccurate, or the disclosure of non-public sensitive information through social media, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands. In addition, given the association of our individual products with us, an issue with one of our products could negatively affect the reputation of our other products, or us as a whole. 
 We are subject to risks related to our expansion and international operations that could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our ability to continue to grow our sales and profits is dependent on expanding in the locations in which we already do business and entering into new geographic locations, both of which require significant resources and investments which would affect our risk profile. Further, our international operations subject us to risks customarily associated with foreign operations, including: 
 Changing macroeconomic conditions in our markets, including as a result of inflation, interest rates, volatile commodity prices and increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials, labor, energy and logistics, which could impact our manufacturing operations and that of our third-party partners; 

currency fluctuations; 

the Russia/Ukraine war; 

widespread health emergencies, such as COVID-19 or other pandemics or epidemics; 

import and export license and taxation requirements and restrictions; 

trade restrictions, including local investment or exchange control regulations; 

changes in tariffs and taxes; 

the effect of foreign income taxes, value-added taxes and withholding taxes, including the inability to recover amounts owed to us by foreign governments, and the determination of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the I.R.S. regarding the applicability of certain regulations, including the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, to our international transactions; 

the possibility of expropriation, confiscatory taxation or price controls; 

restrictions on or the costs related to repatriating foreign profits back to the U.S.; 

political or economic instability, and civil unrest; 

potential disruption from wars and military conflicts, including the war in Ukraine, terrorism or other types of violence; 

disruptions in the global transportation network, such as work stoppages, strikes or shutdowns of ports of entry or such other transportation sources, or other labor unrest; 

extreme weather events resulting in power loss, damage to infrastructure and reduced economic development in vulnerable areas; 

compliance with laws and regulations concerning ethical business practices, including without limitation, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and United Kingdom Bribery Act; 

the impact of the United Kingdom s exit from the European Union, which has led to increased costs, and/or complexity, aspects of which will persist whilst bilateral trade and cooperation deal governing the future relationship between the United Kingdom and the rest of the world are negotiated; 

difficulty in enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights; 

regulatory and quality system requirements for certain products; and 

difficulties in staffing and managing international operations. 

The COVID-19 pandemic has had and may continue to have a negative impact on regional and global economies, with reduced international travel, movement restrictions and social distancing measures, and recessionary conditions in many countries. Major 
 21 

developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs or sanctions by the U.S. and/or other countries, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing. All the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to commercialize our products on a competitive basis in international markets. 
 In addition, in all foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to laws and regulations that govern foreign investment, foreign trade and currency exchange transactions. The recent imposition of tariffs on products imported from certain countries in recent years has introduced greater uncertainty with respect to trade policies and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries. The sanctions introduced in response to the Ukraine conflict have further exacerbated these issues. Major developments in trade relations, including the imposition of new or increased tariffs by the U.S. and/or other countries, and any emerging nationalist trends in specific countries could alter the trade environment and consumer purchasing behavior which, in turn, could have a material effect on our balance sheet and results of operations. All the foregoing risks could have a significant impact on our ability to commercialize our products on a competitive basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows or financial position. 
 Failure to effectively utilize or successfully assert intellectual property rights, and the loss or expiration of such rights, could materially adversely affect our competitiveness. Infringement by us of third-party intellectual property rights could result in costly litigation and/or the modification or discontinuance of our products. 

We rely on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect our intellectual property rights. The market for our products depends to a significant extent upon the value associated with our trademarks and brand names. We own the material trademarks and brand names used in connection with the marketing and distribution of our major products both in the U.S. and in other countries. While we hold several valuable patents on our products, they may not serve as an effective barrier to entry for new competitors. Although most of our material intellectual property is registered in the U.S. and in certain foreign countries in which we operate, we cannot be sure that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or effectively utilized or, if necessary, successfully asserted. There is a risk that we will not be able to obtain and perfect our own intellectual property rights, or, where appropriate, license from others intellectual property rights necessary to support our ability to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell certain products in certain countries or globally or launch new product. We cannot be sure that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future, and we could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions relating to such rights. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the U.S., the laws of some of the other countries in which our products are or may be manufactured or sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the U.S. If other parties infringe our intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of our brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers associate with our brands and harm our sales. Our failure to perfect, successfully assert or license intellectual property rights could make us less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell certain products within certain countries or globally, our operating results and our financial condition. 
 In addition, if our products are found to infringe intellectual property rights of others, the owners of those rights could bring legal actions against us claiming substantial damages for past infringement and seeking to enjoin manufacturing, importing, exporting, marketing and/or sale of the affected products in certain countries or globally. If these legal actions are successful, in addition to any potential liability for damages from past infringement, we could be required to obtain a license in order to continue to manufacture, import, export, market and/or sell the affected products, in certain countries or globally potentially adding significant costs. We might not prevail in any action brought against us or we may be unsuccessful in securing any license for continued use and therefore have to discontinue the manufacture, importing, exporting, marketing and/or sale of a product in certain countries or globally. 
 Impairment of our goodwill and other long-lived intangible and tangible assets may result in a reduction in net income. 

We have a material amount of goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets, as well as other long-lived tangible assets, which are periodically evaluated for impairment in accordance with current accounting standards. Declines in our profitability and/or estimated cash flows related to specific intangible assets, as well as potential changes in market valuations for similar assets and market discount rates, has resulted in impairment charges from time to time, and may result in future impairment charges. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that a review of our ability to recover the carrying value of the global FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS intangible assets was necessary based on the discontinuance of certain products at a major retailer. This loss of distribution along with an expected continued decline in discretionary consumption and higher interest rates resulted in an impairment charge as discussed in more detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

22 

Regulatory and Litigation Risks 
 We may be subject to product liability claims, withdrawals or recalls or other legal proceedings and from time to time we are involved in litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain and which could entail significant expense. 

From time to time, we are subject to product liability or other product-related claims. We may be required to pay for losses or injuries actually or purportedly caused by our products, including losses or injuries caused by raw materials or other components provided by third party suppliers that are included in our products. Claims could be based on allegations that, among other things, our products contain contaminants, are improperly tested, labeled or designed, or provide inadequate instructions regarding their use or inadequate warnings of potential dangers related to their use. Whether or not successful, product liability claims could result in negative publicity that could harm our sales and operating results and the reputation of our brands. In addition, if one of our products is found to be defective or non-compliant with applicable rules or regulations, we could be required to withdraw or recall it, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although we maintain product liability and product recall insurance coverage, potential product liability or other product-related damages claims and/or withdrawal and recall costs may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or may be excluded under the terms of the policy. 
 Litigation, arbitration or regulatory matters where the outcome is uncertain could entail significant expense. 

From time to time, we are the subject of, or party to, various pending or threatened legal actions (including class actions), government investigations and proceedings, including, without limitation, those relating to, commercial transactions, product liability, consumer, employment, antitrust, environmental, health, safety and compliance-related matters. Such proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and the outcome of certain pending or threatened legal actions, investigations and proceedings may not be reasonably predictable and any related damages, injunctions and/or settlements may not be estimable. 
 Environmental matters create potential liability risks. 

We must comply with various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate, including those relating to the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances. A release of such substances due to accident or an intentional act could result in substantial liability to governmental authorities or to third parties. We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations. 
 Increasing focus and sensitivity by governmental, non-governmental organizations, customers, consumers and investors to ESG issues, including those related to DEI, climate change, plastic usage and ingredients, could result in increased operating or manufacturing costs, which could adversely affect our business. 

As climate change and other ESG issues become more prominent, so has scrutiny by federal, state and local governments, non-governmental organizations and our customers, consumers and investors. This will likely result in new or increased regulatory requirements such as the SEC s recent disclosure proposal on climate change and various state-level Extended Producer Responsibility programs, and customer and consumer standards. In addition, our stakeholders are increasingly demanding transparency regarding our DEI efforts as well as our efforts to mitigate our impacts on climate change, and to eliminate chemicals of concern and otherwise reduce or mitigate adverse effects on the environment. For example, some of our major customers have requested we respond to various questionnaires, including the CDP Climate Change, Water and Forests Questionnaires, and use our responses and CDP scores to evaluate us. Compliance with these requirements, standards and disclosure requests could cause disruptions in the manufacture of our products and/or result in increase in operating costs. For example, we may be unable to obtain certain raw materials, and we have begun, and will continue to experience, increased costs for those materials as a result of these obligations. We may also be required to contribute funds to support recycling and other waste management infrastructure, and/or incur costs associated with making necessary changes to our operations and controlling, assessing and reporting on certain ESG metrics. These disruptions and additional costs could make our products more costly and less competitive than other products, which would adversely affect our business. 
 Any failure to achieve our ESG goals or to effectively respond to new or current legal, regulatory or stakeholder ESG requirements could adversely affect our business and reputation. 

While we strive to minimize adverse impacts of our global operations, our ability to achieve any stated ESG goal, target, or objective is subject to numerous factors and conditions, many of which are outside of our control. We could lose revenue if our consumers change brands, major retailers delist our products or our retail customers move business from us because we have not effectively responded to regulatory requirements, complied with their ESG requirements or met their expectations related to our sustainability efforts, including with respect to DEI, climate change, plastic usage, or ingredients. In addition, our failure to achieve our stated ESG goals could result litigation or adverse publicity, which could damage our reputation, reduce consumer demand and devalue our brand equity. Further, ESG-conscious 
 23 

investors may choose not to invest in our securities if we do not comply with their expectations, and investment managers may not include our securities in ESG-designated funds. 
 Current and future laws and regulations in the countries in which we and our suppliers operate could expose us to increased costs and other adverse consequences. 

The development, manufacturing, processing, formulation (including stability), packaging, labeling, marketing, distribution and sale of our products are subject to regulation by federal agencies, including the U.S. FDA, the FTC, the EPA and the CPSC and foreign regulators and agencies. In addition, our and our suppliers operations are subject to the oversight of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and the National Labor Relations Board. Our activities are also regulated by various agencies of the states, localities and foreign countries in which our products and their constituent materials and components are manufactured and sold. 
 In particular, the FDA and foreign counterparts regulate the formulation, safety, development, manufacturing, packaging, labeling and distribution of condoms, home pregnancy and ovulation test kits, vaginal lubricants, electric and battery powered medical devices, wound dressings, over-the-counter medicines and dietary supplements, including vitamins, minerals, and homeopathic products. The FDA or a similar foreign agency also exercises oversight over cosmetic products such as depilatories, hair care and skin care products. In addition, under a memorandum of understanding between the FDA and the FTC, the FTC has jurisdiction over the promotion and advertising of these products, and the FTC regulates the promotion and advertising of our other products as well. As part of its regulatory authority, the FDA may periodically conduct inspections of the physical facilities, machinery, processes and procedures that we and our suppliers use to manufacture regulated products and may identify compliance issues that would require us and our suppliers to make certain changes in our manufacturing facilities and processes. The failure of a facility to be in compliance may lead to regulatory action against the products made in that facility, including seizure, injunction or recall, as well as to possible action against the owner of the facility/manufacturer. We may be required to make additional expenditures to address these issues or possibly stop selling certain products until the compliance issue has been remediated. 
 Likewise, any future determination by the FDA, the EPA or a similar foreign agency, or by us in reviewing our compliance with applicable rules and regulations, that our products or quality systems do not comply with applicable regulations could result in future compliance activities, including product withdrawals or recalls, import detentions, injunctions preventing the shipment of products, or other enforcement actions. For example, the FDA may determine that a particular claim that we use to support the marketing of a product is not substantiated, may not accept the evidence of safety for a new product that we may wish to market, may challenge the safety or effectiveness of existing products based on, among other things, changes in formulations, inadequate stability or shelf-life, consumer complaints, or improper labeling, and may determine that our dietary supplement business manufacturing, packaging, labeling and holding operations do not comply with cGMPs. Similarly, we may identify these or other issues in internal compliance reviews of our operations and the operations and products of vendors and acquired companies. These other issues may include the identification of contaminants or non-compliant levels of particular ingredients. Any of the foregoing could subject us to adverse publicity, force us to incur unanticipated costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, delays in the acceptance, review and approval of products by the FDA or the EPA, or other required governmental approvals, may result from government shutdowns due to the failure by Congress to enact regular appropriations. 
 We are subject to regulations regarding the transportation, storage or use of certain chemicals to protect the environment, as well as the Commission s rules with respect to conflict minerals. Recent trade policies, tariffs and government regulations affecting trade between the U.S. and other countries, as well as sanctions by the U.S. and the European Union in response to the Russia/Ukraine war, have introduced greater uncertainty and volatility. In addition, any additional or renewed significant governmental actions pertaining to the COVID-19 pandemic, including lockdowns, quarantines or other restrictions on the ability of our employees to travel or perform necessary business functions or our ability to develop, manufacture, distribute, market or sell our products, or the ability of our suppliers, customers or third-party partners to effectively run their operations, may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, market and sell our products. We are not able to predict the nature of these changes or of such future laws, regulations, repeals or interpretations or to predict the effect additional or shifting governmental regulation, when and if it occurs, would have on our business in the future. Such developments could require reformulation of certain products to meet new standards, recalls or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional record-keeping requirements, increased documentation of the properties of certain products, additional or different labeling, additional scientific substantiation, expanded adverse event reporting or other new requirements. 
 There is also an increased risk of fraud or corruption in certain foreign jurisdictions and related difficulties in maintaining effective internal controls. Additionally, we could be subject to future inquiries or investigations by governmental and other regulatory bodies, which may be delayed or disrupted due to any government furlough. We could also be adversely affected by violations, or allegations of violations, of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar international anti-bribery laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar international anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. 
 
 24 

We are subject to increasingly stringent privacy and security regulation. 

We collect, use and store personal data of our employees, customers and other third parties in the ordinary course of business, and we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy and security laws and regulations, that apply to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer and employee data, including particularly the transfer of personal data between or among countries. High-profile security breaches of the information systems of a number of government agencies and U.S. companies may result in increased regulations and new security laws. The current administration and Congress in the United States may seek to pass more stringent regulations in these areas, or more aggressively enforce existing regulations. 
 
 Numerous local, municipal, state, federal and international law and regulations address privacy and security including the California Online Privacy Protection Act, the Personal information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing (CAN-SPAM) Act, the Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, and, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). These privacy and security laws and regulations change frequently, and new legislation continues to be introduced such as the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which was effective on January 1, 2022 and modifies the CCPA significantly, as well as the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act and Connecticut Data Privacy Act which will become effective in 2023. In particular, the CCPA requires new disclosures to California consumers, gives California consumers new rights with respect to their data, and permits California consumers to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for fines of up to 7,500 per violation. Our website ecommerce and customer relations businesses that store, process or transmit payment cardholder data are subject to be Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance requirements as mandated by the credit card companies (Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Mastercard) and the Payment Card Institute Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). 
 
 In Europe, the European Union EU has adopted strict data privacy regulations. Following the passage of the EU s General Data Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) GDPR and the Regulation on Privacy and Electronic Communications (the ePrivacy Regulation ), data privacy and security compliance in the EU are increasingly complex and challenging. The GDPR in particular has broad extraterritorial effect and imposes a strict data protection compliance regime with significant penalties for non-compliance (up to 4 of worldwide annual turnover or 20 million, whichever is higher). It is also important to note that many countries are following the EU in producing a broad omnibus law in relation to privacy protection. In general, the GDPR and ePrivacy Regulation, CCPA, and other local privacy laws, could also require adaptation of our technologies or practices, increased costs and changes to operations to satisfy local privacy requirements and standards. 
 
 We may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. An adverse outcome under any such investigation or audit could subject us to fines, penalties or orders to cease, delay or modify collection, use or transfers of personal data. We could also face rights requests, complaints, claims, or litigation from those persons whose data we collect, use and store as well as government investigations and fines. Any of these events or other circumstances related to our collection, use and transfer of personal data could also lead to negative media attention, damage to our reputation in the market or otherwise adversely affect our business. 
 Changes in tax laws and regulations or in our operations may impact our effective tax rate and may adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our future effective tax rate could be affected by changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, or changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities. In addition, we evaluate our deferred income tax assets and record a valuation allowance if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. If the actual amount of our future taxable income is less than the amount we are currently projecting with respect to specific tax jurisdictions, or if there is a change in the time period within which the deferred tax asset becomes deductible, we could be required to record a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. The recording of a valuation allowance would result in an increase in our effective tax rate and would have an adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, changes in statutory tax rates may change our deferred tax assets or liability balances, which would also impact our effective tax rate. 
 Resolutions of tax disputes may adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. 

Significant judgment is required in determining our effective tax rate and in evaluating our tax positions. We provide for uncertain tax positions with respect to tax positions that do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement standards mandated by applicable accounting guidance. Fluctuations in federal, state, local and foreign taxes or changes to uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, may impact our effective tax rate and our financial results. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities, and although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final outcome of tax audits and related litigation could be materially different than that reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. In addition, when particular tax matters arise, a number of years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to our effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase the effective tax rate. Any resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. 
 25 

Our amended and restated bylaws include an exclusive forum provision. 

Our amended and restated bylaws include an exclusive forum provision, which may limit the ability of our stockholders to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholders find favorable for disputes with us or our directors or officers, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors and officers. If a court outside of Delaware were to find this exclusive forum provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings described above, we could incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Financial Risks 
 We have substantial indebtedness and we may incur substantially more debt in the future. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 2,674.0 million of total consolidated indebtedness, net of debt issuance costs. This amount of indebtedness could have important consequences, including: 
 making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations; 

limiting our ability to fund potential acquisitions; 

requiring us to dedicate a portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, which would reduce the availability of cash flow to fund capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

limiting our flexibility in reacting to general adverse economic conditions or changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; 

limiting our ability to repurchase our Common Stock; and 

placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt. 

Additionally, our term and revolving facilities are subject to certain financial and other customary covenants. In the event of a breach of those covenants, our lenders under each credit facility may be entitled to accelerate the related debt (and any lenders in respect of any other debt to which a cross-default provision applies may be entitled to accelerate such other debt), and we could be required to seek amendments or waivers under the debt instruments or to refinance the debt. We may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions, to repurchase shares or to fund other activities for general business purposes. If additional new debt is added to the current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify. A substantial increase in our indebtedness could also have a negative impact on our credit ratings. In this regard, a deterioration in our credit ratings could adversely affect the interest rate available to us in future financings, as well as our liquidity, competitive position and access to capital markets. The U.S. Federal Reserve has raised interest rates consistently since March of 2022 and has signaled that it expects additional rate increases in the future, which could impact the interest rates available to us for borrowings in the future. Any decision regarding future borrowings will be based on the facts and circumstances existing at the time, including market conditions and impact to our credit ratings. 
 
 LIBOR, the interest rate benchmark previously used as a reference rate on our variable rate debt, including our term and revolving credit facilities and interest rate swaps, is currently being phased out in favor of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), which the Alternative Reference Rates Committee (the ARRC has identified as its preferred alternative rate to succeed LIBOR. Accordingly, each of our term and revolving credit facilities now use SOFR-based rates in accordance with the ARRC s recommendation. Given the inherent differences between LIBOR and SOFR or any other alternative benchmark rate that may be established, there are additional uncertainties regarding a transition from LIBOR, including but not limited to the impact this transition may have on the cost of our variable rate debt and certain derivative financial instruments Since the initial publication of SOFR in 2018, changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in other benchmark or market rates, such as United States dollar LIBOR. We will also need to consider new contracts and if they should reference an alternative benchmark rate or include suggested fallback language, as published by the ARRC from time to time. 
 Our business is exposed to domestic and foreign currency fluctuations. 

We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk (both transaction and translation) with respect to our sales, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar. Outside of the U.S., sales and costs are denominated in a variety of currencies, including the Canadian Dollar, Euro, Pound, Mexican Peso, Australian Dollar and Chinese Yuan, among others. A weakening of the currencies in which sales are generated relative to the currencies in which costs are denominated would decrease operating profits and 
 26 

cash flow. Changes in currency exchange rates may also affect the relative prices at which we purchase materials and services in foreign markets. Although we, from time to time, enter into forward exchange contracts to reduce the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to anticipated but not yet committed sales or purchases denominated in the U.S. Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Pound, Euro, Mexican Peso, Australian Dollar and Chinese Yuan, foreign currency fluctuations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 General Risks 
 We may not be able to successfully manage the demand, supply, and operational challenges associated with the actual or perceived effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

Our business and financial results have been, and may continue to be, negatively impacted by the fear of exposure to or actual effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including the emergence of new variants, such as, but not limited to: 
 
 negative impact on the global and U.S. domestic economy, significant unemployment, and market volatility; 

significant increases in or reductions in demand or significant volatility in demand for one or more of our products, resulting in pressure on our operations and supply chain networks and the ability to meet such demand; 

adverse impacts on our supply chain, including manufacturing by the Company or third-party partners, due to raw material, packaging or other supply shortages, labor shortages or reduced availability of transport, port congestion and closures; 

inability to meet our retailer orders and customers needs due to disruptions in our manufacturing and distribution network, supply chain, or capacity constraints or those of our finished goods, raw materials, or transportation suppliers; 

continued shifts in consumer demand, including accelerated shifts to online shopping and increased competition in e-commerce in many of our categories from our larger legacy competitors and newer digitally native brands which have increasingly moved into consumer products and staples; 

decreased demand for certain products as COVID-19 procedures continue to ease and we transition from a pandemic to an endemic state; 

pricing pressures on our products as retailers face added costs to build their e-commerce capacity; and 

retailer fines related to our underperformance with respect to on time and in full shipments due to restrictions on our ability to produce and deliver products as a result of employee absenteeism or sickness, a tight trucking market or reduced shipping capacity, additional governmental or regulatory actions, closures or other restrictions that limit or close our operating and manufacturing facilities or those of our suppliers. 

Despite our efforts to manage and remedy these impacts, their ultimate impact also depends on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of any such outbreak as well as third-party or governmental actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. While the vast majority of our products are consumer staples that generally are less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, some of our products, particularly WATERPIK, FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS and other personal care brands, are more discretionary in nature and, are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending and the impact and duration of recessionary economic conditions. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that a review of our ability to recover the carrying values of the global FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS intangible assets was necessary based on the discontinuance of certain products at a major retailer. This loss of distribution along with an expected continued decline in discretionary consumption and higher interest rates, resulted in an impairment charge as discussed in more detail in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 While the U.S. has announced that the COVID-19 health emergency will expire in May of 2023, the impact of COVID-19, including the impact of restrictions imposed to combat its spread, could continue to result in additional businesses being shut down, additional work restrictions and supply chains being interrupted, slowed, or rendered inoperable, in particular if other new COVID-19 variants such as the Delta and Omicron were to emerge. As a result, it may be even more challenging to obtain and process raw materials to support our business needs, and more individuals could become ill, quarantined or otherwise unable to work and/or travel due to health reasons or governmental restrictions. Also, governments may impose other laws, regulations or taxes which could adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Further, as some of our customers businesses are similarly affected, they might delay or reduce purchases from us, which could adversely affect our results of our business, financial condition or results of operations. The potential effects of COVID-19 also could impact many of the other risk factors described herein, but given the evolving health, economic, social and governmental environments, such potential impact remains uncertain. While we expect the impacts of COVID-19 to continue to have an effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows, we are unable to predict the extent or nature of these impacts at this time. 
 27 

Our operating results have been, and could be in the future, adversely affected by natural disasters, public health crises, political crises, or other catastrophic events, or unfavorable worldwide, regional and local economic and financial market conditions. 

Our operations, as well as the operations of our third-party manufacturers, suppliers and customers, may be subject to disruption from a variety of causes, including a protracted economic downturn or recessionary conditions, material shortages, inflation, financial difficulties, work stoppages, cyberattacks, and other disruptions in information technology systems, demonstrations, political instability or uncertainty in the U.S. or abroad, rising geopolitical tensions and hostilities (for example between China and Taiwan), disease outbreaks or pandemics (for example, an outbreak of a virus such as COVID-19), acts of war, terrorism, fire, earthquakes, flooding or other natural disasters, disruptions in logistics, fuel and energy costs (for example, the price of gasoline), loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, supplier capacity constraints, raw material and product quality or safety issues, industrial accidents or other occupational health and safety issues. If a major disruption were to occur, it could result in harm to people or the natural environment, delays in shipments of products to customers or suspension of operations. 
 Other financial uncertainties in our major markets and unstable geopolitical conditions in certain markets, including civil unrest and governmental changes, could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products. Restrictions on our ability to transfer earnings or capital across borders, price controls, limitations on profits, retaliatory tariffs, import authorization requirements and other restrictions on business activities which have been or may be imposed or expanded as a result of political and economic instability, deterioration of economic relations between countries or otherwise, could impact our profitability. In addition, U.S. trade sanctions against countries designated by the U.S. government as state sponsors of terrorism and/or financial institutions accepting transactions for commerce within such countries could increase significantly, which could make it impossible for us to continue to make sales to customers in such countries. The imposition of retaliatory sanctions against U.S. multinational corporations by countries that are or may become subject to U.S. trade sanctions, or the delisting of our branded products by retailers in various countries in reaction to U.S. trade sanctions or other governmental action or policy, could also negatively affect our business. Ongoing political uncertainty in many countries, including the ongoing political transition in Hong Kong, and the exit of the United Kingdom from the European Union have created additional economic uncertainty and volatility in the financial markets. In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine and we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, the indirect impacts of the conflict in Ukraine, including increases in the cost of raw and packaging materials and commodities (including the price of oil), supply chain and logistics challenges and foreign currency volatility, and it is not possible to predict the broader or longer-term consequences of this conflict or the sanctions imposed to date. Increasing natural disasters in connection with climate change could also be a direct threat to our third-party vendors, service providers or other stakeholders, including disruptions of supply chains or information technology or other necessary services for our Company. 
 We rely significantly on information technology. Any inadequacy, interruption, theft or loss of data, malicious attack, integration failure, failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on our systems or other security failure of that technology could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and damage the reputation of our brands. 

We rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-party service providers, to conduct our business. These systems include, but are not limited to, programs and processes relating to internal communications and communications with other parties, ordering and managing materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping product to customers, billing customers and receiving and applying payment, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, collecting and storing customer, consumer, employee, investor, and other stakeholder information and personal data, and other processes necessary to manage our business. We sell certain of our products directly to consumers online and through websites, mobile apps and connected devices, and we offer promotions, rebates, customer loyalty and other programs through which it may receive personal information, and we or our vendors could experience cyber-attacks, privacy breaches, data breaches or other incidents that may result in unauthorized access, disclosure and misuse of consumer, customer, employee, vendor or Company information. 
 Increased information technology security threats and more sophisticated computer crime, including ransomware, denial of service and phishing attacks and advanced persistent threats, pose a potential risk to the security of our information technology systems, networks, and services, and those of our customers and other business partners, as well as the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data, and the data of our customers and other business partners. As a result, our information technology systems, networks or service providers could be damaged or cease to function properly or we could suffer a loss or disclosure of business, personal or stakeholder information, due to any number of causes, including catastrophic events, power outages and security breaches. Although we have business continuity plans in place and have implemented a breach response plan to address service interruptions, if these plans do not provide effective alternative processes on a timely basis, we may suffer interruptions in our ability to manage or conduct our operations which may adversely affect our business. In addition, if our service providers, suppliers or customers experience a breach or unauthorized disclosure or system failure, their businesses could be disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in our supply chain or reduced customer orders or other business operations. Moreover, any costs related to a breach may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or be excluded under the terms of our cybersecurity policy. As cyberattacks increase in frequency and magnitude, we may be unable to obtain cybersecurity insurance in amounts and on terms we view as appropriate for our operations. 
 Our information technology systems and, our third-party providers systems, have been, and will likely continue to be, subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, ransomware, unauthorized access attempts, denial of service attacks, phishing, social 
 28 

engineering, hacking and other cyberattacks. These risks also may be present to the extent any of our partners, distributors, joint venture partners or suppliers using separate information systems, not integrated with our information systems, suffers a cybersecurity incident and could result in increased costs related to their inability to timely deliver on their commitments to us and/or our involvement in investigations or notifications conducted by these third parties. These risks may also be present to the extent a business we have acquired that does not use our information systems, experiences a system shutdown, service disruption, or cybersecurity incident. Due to the conflict in Ukraine, there is a possibility that the escalation of tensions could result in cyberattacks that could either directly or indirectly affect our operations. Such attacks may originate from nation states or attempts by outside parties, hackers, criminal organizations or other threat actors. In addition, insider actors-malicious or otherwise-could cause technical disruptions and/or confidential data leakage. To date, we have seen no material impact on our business or operations from these attacks; however, we cannot guarantee that our security efforts will prevent attacks and resulting breaches or breakdowns of our, or our third-party service providers databases or systems. In addition, although we have policies and procedures in place governing the secure storage of personal information collected by us or our third-party service providers, data breaches due to human error or intentional or unintentional conduct may occur in the future, especially as we have shifted to more employees and other workers working remotely and having access to our technology infrastructure remotely. 
 
 We continuously perform enterprise-wide upgrades to our systems and will continue to monitor and upgrade systems as appropriate, legacy systems may be vulnerable to increased risk. Additionally, if a new system does not function properly, it could affect our ability to order supplies, process and deliver customer orders and process and receive payments for our products. This could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. Upgraded or new technology may not function as designed and any such upgrades may not go as planned. Moreover, because the techniques, tools and tactics used in cyberattacks frequently change and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate preventative measures or fully mitigating harms after such an attack. As such, we may need to expend additional resources and incur additional costs in the future to continue to protect against or address problems caused by any business interruptions or data security breaches. 
 We may not be able to attract, retain and develop key personnel. 

The labor market in the United States is very competitive. Our future performance depends in significant part upon the continued service of our executive officers and other key personnel, including at our plants. Competition for qualified plant personnel has been intense. The loss of the services of one or more executive officers or other key employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. This effect could be exacerbated if any officers or other key personnel left as a group or at the same time. Our success also depends, in part, on our continuing ability to attract, retain and develop highly qualified and diverse personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we can retain our key employees or attract, assimilate and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future, and the U.S. labor market has experienced wage inflation, sustained labor shortages, and a shift towards remote work. Factors that may affect our ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of key employees include employee morale, our reputation, competition from other employers and the availability of qualified personnel in a tightening labor market. We have experienced increased levels of personnel turnover in recent years, increasing from an employee turnover rate of 14.9 in 2020 and 20.6 in 2021 to 21.5 in 2022. We may continue to experience increased personnel turnover in the future compared to prior years, either as a result of our business operations or other broad-based economic or cultural factors. 
 In addition, labor costs in the U.S. are rising. Labor cost is one of the primary components in the cost of operating our business. If we face labor shortages and increased labor costs as a result of increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover rates, increases in employee benefits costs, or labor union organizing efforts, our operating expenses could increase and our growth and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Labor shortages, higher employee turnover rates and labor union organizing efforts could also lead to disruptions in our business. We may be unable to increase prices of our products in order to pass future increased labor costs onto our customers, in which case our margins would be negatively affected. Additionally, if we increase product prices to cover increased labor costs, the higher prices could adversely affect sales volumes. 
 Our continued growth and expansion, reliance on third-party service providers and implementation of new accounting standards could adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting cannot provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Our continuing growth and expansion in domestic and globally dispersed markets, such as our acquisition of the ZICAM, THERABREATH, HERO and other businesses, may place significant additional pressure on our system of internal control over financial reporting and require us to update our internal control over financial reporting to integrate such acquisitions. Moreover, we engage the services of third parties to assist with business operations and financial reporting processes, which injects additional monitoring obligations and risk into the system of internal control. When we are required to comply with new or revised accounting standards, we must make any appropriate changes to our internal control over financial reporting to fully implement the standards, which may require significant effort and judgment. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our results of operations accurately and on a timely basis, or to detect and prevent fraud and could expose us to regulatory enforcement action and stockholder claims. 
 29 

Our business could be negatively impacted as a result of stockholder activism, an unsolicited takeover proposal or a proxy contest or short sellers. 

In recent years, proxy contests, unsolicited takeovers and other forms of stockholder activism have been directed against numerous companies in our industry, including us. If such a campaign or proposal were to be made against us, we would likely incur significant costs. Stockholder activists may also seek to involve themselves in the governance, strategic direction and operations of our business, or in our ESG and sustainability management and disclosure, through stockholder proposals or otherwise disrupting our business and diverting the attention of our management and employees, and any perceived uncertainties as to our future direction resulting from such a situation could result in the loss of potential business opportunities, the perception that we need a change in the direction of our business, or the perception that we are unstable or lack continuity, which may be exploited by our competitors, cause concern to our current or potential customers, and may make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners. Actions of activist stockholders may cause significant fluctuations in our stock price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our business. We may also be the target of short sellers who engage in negative publicity campaigns that may use selective information that may be presented out of context or that may misrepresent facts and circumstances. 
 
 30 

I TEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 Not applicable. 
 I TEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 We lease a corporate office building in Ewing, New Jersey for our global corporate headquarters. The lease expires in 2033 and includes two 10-year extension terms at our option. In addition, we own an office building in Fort Collins, Colorado and an office building in Princeton, New Jersey that is occupied by our research and development department. 
 
 We own or lease manufacturing facilities, warehouses and other offices in 15 different U.S. states and 11 different countries outside of the U.S. Many of our domestic and international sites manufacture and distribute products for multiple segments of our business. We believe that our operating and administrative facilities are adequate and suitable for the conduct of our business. We also believe that our production facilities are suitable for current manufacturing requirements for our consumer and specialty products businesses. 
 
 I TEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We, in the ordinary course of our business are the subject of, or party to, various pending or threatened legal actions, government investigations and proceedings from time to time, including, without limitation, those relating to commercial transactions, product liability, purported consumer class actions, employment matters, antitrust, environmental, health, safety and other compliance related matters. Such proceedings are subject to many uncertainties and the outcome of certain pending or threatened legal actions may not be reasonably predictable and any related damages may not be estimable. Certain legal actions could result in an adverse outcome for us, and any such adverse outcome could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. There are no relevant matters to disclose under this Item for this period. 

I TEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable . 
 
 31 

P ART II 

ITEM 5. MAR KET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Our shares of common stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange with the stock ticker symbol CHD . 
 Approximate number of record holders of our Common Stock as of December 31, 2022: 1,700. 
 The following graph compares the yearly change in the cumulative total stockholder return on our Common Stock for the past five fiscal years with the cumulative total return of the S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Household Products Index described more fully below. The returns are indexed to a value of 100 at December 31, 2017. Dividend reinvestment has been assumed. 
 Comparison of Cumulative Five-Year Total Return among Company, S P 500 Index and the S P 500 Household Products Index (1) 
 (1) S P 500 Household Products Index consists of the Church Dwight Co., Inc., Clorox Company, Colgate-Palmolive Company, Kimberly-Clark Corporation and P G. 

Company / Index 

2017 

2018 

2019 

2020 

2021 

2022 

Church Dwight Co., Inc. 

100.00 

133.23 

144.37 

181.15 

215.35 

171.37 

S P 500 Index 

100.00 

95.61 

125.71 

148.82 

191.51 

156.79 

S P 500 Household Products Index 

100.00 

100.01 

131.50 

152.24 

175.44 

165.05 

32 

Share Repurchase Authorization 
 
 On October 28, 2021, the Board authorized a new share repurchase program under which the Company may purchase up to 1,000.0 in shares of Common Stock (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ). The 2021 Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration and replaced the Company s 2017 Share Repurchase Program. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program does not modify the Company s evergreen share repurchase program, authorized by the Board on January 29, 2014, under which the Company may repurchase, from time to time, Common Stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of Common Stock under its incentive plans. 
 As a result of our stock repurchases, there remains 729.7 million of share repurchase availability under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program as of December 31, 2022 . 

33 

ITEM 6. RE SERVED 

34 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 I TEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements. 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our Business 
 We develop, manufacture and market a broad range of consumer household, personal care and specialty products focused on animal and food production, chemicals and cleaners. We focus our consumer products marketing efforts principally on our 14 power brands. These well-recognized brand names include ARM HAMMER , used in multiple product categories such as baking soda, cat litter, carpet deodorization and laundry detergent; TROJAN condoms, lubricants and vibrators; OXICLEAN stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergent and bleach alternatives; SPINBRUSH battery-operated and manual toothbrushes; FIRST RESPONSE home pregnancy and ovulation test kits; NAIR depilatories; ORAJEL oral analgesic; XTRA laundry detergent; L IL CRITTERS and VITAFUSION gummy dietary supplements; BATISTE dry shampoos; WATERPIK water flossers and replacement showerheads; ZICAM cold shortening and relief products, THERABREATH oral care products and HERO acne treatment products . We reevaluate the composition of our power brands from time to time, and in 2022 removed FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS products from our list of power brands and added HERO . 
 We sell our consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell the products to consumers. We sell our specialty products to industrial customers, livestock producers and through distributors. 
 We operate our business in three segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and the Specialty Products Division SPD ). The segments are based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures. In 2022, the Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and SPD segments represented approximately 77 , 17 and 6 , respectively, of our consolidated net sales. 
 
 Supply Chain, Inflation, Labor, Consumer Demand and Competition 
 Throughout 2022, adverse impacts to our business have been primarily supply chain related, including raw material and labor shortages and interruptions, as well as distribution and transportation challenges. These negative impacts have resulted in difficulty meeting consumer demand. In addition, these negative impacts together with significant broad-based cost inflation have affected interest rates, input costs and consumer behavior. In addition, government restrictions in China have further exacerbated global supply chain challenges and have had a negative impact on Chinese consumer demand for our products in China. As restrictions in China ease, we expect those impacts to our business in the future to be less severe. While it is difficult to predict when conditions may improve, we expect raw material and labor shortages and input cost inflation to continue at least through the first half of 2023. 
 To address challenges meeting retail customer demand for certain categories, including laundry detergent and litter, we have taken steps to increase our short-term manufacturing capacity for those and other products as well as our raw material and packaging capacity, and continue to work closely with our suppliers, contract manufacturers and retail partners to increase capacity and ensure sustained supply to keep pace with increased demand. We have also made investments in the expansion of long-term in-house and third-party manufacturing capacity and are continuing to enlist additional suppliers that meet our quality specifications. We continued to see an improvement in fill rates in the fourth quarter, particularly in the household category, and we expect those improvements to continue into 2023 across most product categories. While we have made significant progress addressing our manufacturing capacity to meet consumer demand, there is no assurance that these challenges will abate in the foreseeable future, or that the other measures we have or may implement will mitigate the impact of supply disruptions or rising costs. If we continue to experience difficulty meeting consumer and retailer demand over an extended period, retailers may decide to discontinue distribution of all or some of our products. 
 To attempt to offset some of our cost pressures, we have enacted and continue to evaluate price increases in certain categories. However, we are also experiencing a decline in consumer spending for our most discretionary brands, primarily WATERPIK and FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS. Our WATERPIK brand has also been impacted by a consumer shift to lower cost alternatives due primarily to inflationary pressures and recessionary concerns. Most notably, a growing number of water flosser consumers are continuing to switch to competitors' value-branded products. In addition, due to the decline in consumer spending, a major retailer has discontinued certain of our FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS products. If the decline in consumer spending for our discretionary products persists over an extended period, we may not be able to increase prices to offset cost inflation and retailers may further discontinue distribution of these products. To address these demand shifts, we are taking steps to better manage production schedules and inventory levels for those products 
 35 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 along with increasing promotional activities and marketing spend, as well as continuing efforts to develop lower cost water flosser alternatives. 
 In the vitamin category there continues to be a softening of growth from record high levels during the COVID-19 pandemic and significant product competition coming from new category entrants. In the two-year period from 2019 to 2021 our vitamin products experienced a net sales increase of over 50 . The category has grown from about 10 competitors a decade ago to more than 50 of significance in recent years. Since 2019 alone, over 35 new brands have entered the gummy category. We continue to evaluate and vigorously combat these pressures through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing and trade spending. However, there is no assurance this category will not decline in the future and that we will be able to offset any such decline. Additionally, the fill rates for our vitamin products have been below historical levels, if we continue to have challenges meeting customer demand, we are vulnerable to retail customers limiting distribution of our vitamin products and consumers shifting their loyalty to competitors products. 
 Approximately 20 of our portfolio is comprised of discretionary products (WATERPIK and FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS) and the vitamin business. In addition, our portfolio is comprised of 40 value products and has a low exposure to private label which should help us to mitigate against a potential recessionary environment. We expect share gains to continue as we invest in our brands and supply chain fill levels continue to improve. 
 Looking forward, the impact that these challenges will continue to have on our operational and financial performance will depend on future developments, including inflationary impacts, retail customer s acceptance of all or a portion of any price increases, our continued ability to obtain an adequate supply of products and materials, the spread and severity of new COVID-19 variants, and the long-term impact of vaccines. Additionally, we may be impacted by our ability to recruit and retain a workforce and engage third-parties to manufacture and distribute our products, as well as any future government actions affecting employers and employees, consumers and the economy in general. The impact of any of these potential future developments are uncertain and difficult to predict considering the rapidly evolving landscape. 
 We are monitoring the impact of both inflation and recessionary indicators including the effect of corresponding government actions, such as raising interest rates to counteract inflation, that may negatively impact consumer spending, and how these factors will potentially influence future cash flows for the short and long term. While we expect that many of these effects will be transitory and that our value focused portfolio positions us well in inflationary and slowing economic environments, it is impossible to predict their impact. 
 2022 Financial Highlights 
 
 Key 2022 financial results include: 
 2022 net sales grew 3.6 over 2021, with gains in Consumer Domestic and SPD, partially offset by lower sales in Consumer International. The gains are primarily due to favorable pricing/product mix in all three segments and acquisitions in Consumer Domestic and Consumer International, partially offset by unfavorable volumes in all three segments and unfavorable changes in foreign exchange rates in Consumer International. 

Gross margin decreased 170 basis points to 41.9 in 2022 from 43.6 in 2021, primarily due to higher manufacturing costs including labor, raw materials and components, and higher transportation and commodity costs, as well as unfavorable volumes, partially offset by favorable price/product mix, the impact of productivity programs, and business acquisition benefits. 

Operating margin decreased 970 basis points to 11.1 in 2022 from 20.8 in 2021, reflecting a lower gross margin percentage and higher selling general and administrative costs (including the non-cash Flawless intangible asset impairment charge of 411.0 or 760 bps and 2021's favorable 98.0 or 190 bps Flawless business acquisition liability adjustments), partially offset by lower marketing expenses. 

We reported diluted net earnings per share in 2022 of 1.68 (including the non-cash Flawless intangible asset impairment charge of 1.26 per share), a decrease of approximately 49.4 from 2021 diluted net earnings per share of 3.32 which included the favorable impact of the Flawless business acquisition liability adjustments of 0.30 per share. 

Cash provided by operations was 885.2 in 2022, a 108.6 decrease from the prior year due to higher working capital and lower cash earnings (net income adjusted for non-cash items). 

We returned 255.0 in 2022 to our stockholders through cash dividends paid. 

36 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Strategic Goals, Challenges and Initiatives 
 Our ability to generate sales depends on consumer demand for our products and retail customers decisions to carry our products, which are, in part, affected by general economic conditions in our markets. While a vast majority of our products are consumer staples and less vulnerable to decreases in discretionary spending than other products, certain of our products, are more likely to be affected by consumer decisions to control spending. Some customers have responded to economic conditions by increasing their private label offerings (primarily in the dietary supplements, diagnostic kits and oral analgesics categories), launching their own brands, and consolidating the product selections they offer to the top few leading brands in each category. In addition, an increasing portion of our product categories are being sold by club stores, dollar stores, mass merchandisers and internet-based retailers. These factors have placed downward pressure on our sales and gross margins. 
 We intend to continue to aggressively pursue several key strategic initiatives: maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, tightly control our cost structure, expand our online market share, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, and pursue strategic acquisitions. We also intend to continue to grow our product sales globally and maintain an offering of premium and value brand products to appeal to a wide range of consumers. 
 We derive a substantial percentage of our revenues from sales of liquid laundry detergent. As a result, any delays or reduction of sales of these products, in the event that our product category diversification efforts discussed below are not successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results and cash flows. We continue to evaluate and vigorously address these pressures through, among other things, new product introductions and increased marketing and trade spending. However, there is no assurance the category will not decline in the future and that we will be able to offset any such decline. 
 We are continuously focused on strengthening our key brands through the launch of innovative new products, which span various product categories, including premium and value household products supported by increased marketing and trade spending. There can be no assurance that these measures will be successful. 
 In the domestic business, seven out of 14 power brands met or exceeded category growth for the full year 2022. With the acquisition of HERO , we have 14 power brands . Our global product portfolio consists of both premium (60 of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2022) and value (40 of total worldwide consumer revenue in 2022) brands, which we believe enables us to succeed in a range of economic environments. We intend to continue to develop a portfolio of appealing new products to build loyalty among cost-conscious consumers. 
 Over the past two decades, we have diversified from an almost exclusively U.S. business to a global company with approximately 17 of sales derived from countries outside of the United States in 2022. We have subsidiary operations in seven countries (Canada, Mexico, U.K., France, Germany, China and Australia). We also export products to over 130 other countries through our Global Markets Group using a broad network of third-party distributors. In 2022, we benefited from our expanded global footprint and expect to continue to focus on selectively expanding our global business. If we are unable to expand our business internationally at the rate that we expect, we may not realize our anticipated growth targets. 
 Although we believe ongoing international expansion represents a significant opportunity to grow our business, our increasing activity in global markets exposes us to additional complexity and uncertainty. Sales generated outside of the U.S. are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations as well as political uncertainty which could impact future operating results. Moreover, the current domestic and international political environment, including existing and potential changes to U.S. policies related to global trade and tariffs, have resulted in uncertainty regarding the global economy. The impact of U.S. tariffs on certain products was a component of increased cost of sale during the year ended December 31, 2022. The implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as higher tariffs or new barriers to entry, in countries in which we manufacture or sell large quantities of products could negatively impact our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We also continue to focus on controlling our costs. Historically, we have been able to mitigate the effects of cost increases primarily by implementing cost reduction programs and, to a lesser extent, by passing along cost increases to customers. We have also entered into set pricing and pre-buying arrangements with certain suppliers and hedge agreements for diesel fuel and other commodities. Additionally, our focus on tight cost controls has enabled us to effectively navigate recent challenging economic conditions. In 2022, due to the significant increase in input costs, we have not been able to fully mitigate the impact of these increases with pricing, cost control measures and productivity programs. We have, and will continue to, implement price increases to address cost inflation. However, we cannot be certain that these price increases will be accepted by customers. 
 The identification and integration of strategic acquisitions are an important component of our overall strategy and product category diversification. Acquisitions have added significantly to our sales, profits and product category diversification over the last decade. This is evidenced by our 2015 acquisition of certain assets of Varied Industries Corporation (the Vi-cor Acquisition ), the 2016 acquisitions of Spencer Forrest, Inc., the maker of TOPPIK (the Toppik Acquisition ), and the ANUSOL and RECTINOL businesses from Johnson 
 37 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Johnson (the Anusol Acquisition ), the 2017 acquisitions of the VIVISCAL brand from Lifes2Good Holdings Limited (the Viviscal Acquisition ), Agro BioSciences, Inc. (the Agro Acquisition ), and the WATERPIK brand from Pik Holdings, Inc. (the Waterpik Acquisition ), the 2018 acquisition of Passport Food Safety Solutions, Inc. (the Passport Acquisition ), the 2019 acquisition of the FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS brand; the 2020 acquisition of the ZICAM brand from Consumer Health Holdco LLC, the 2021 acquisition of the THERABREATH brand from Dr. Harold Katz, LLC and HK-IP International, Inc, and the 2022 acquisition of the HERO brand which includes the MIGHTY PATCH acne treatment products. The failure to effectively identify or integrate any acquisition or achieve expected synergies may cause us to incur material asset write-downs. We actively seek acquisitions that fit our guidelines, and our strong financial position provides us with flexibility to take advantage of acquisition opportunities. In addition, our ability to quickly integrate acquisitions and leverage existing infrastructure has enabled us to establish a strong track record in making accretive acquisitions. Since 2001, we have acquired 13 of our 14 power brands . 
 We believe we are well positioned to meet the ongoing challenges described above due to our strong financial condition, experience operating in challenging environments and continued focus on key strategic initiatives. Our focus is to maintain competitive marketing and trade spending, manage our cost structure, continue to develop and launch new and differentiated products, while pursuing strategic acquisitions. This focus, together with the strength of our portfolio of premium and value brands, has enabled us to succeed in a range of economic environments. Moreover, the generation of a significant amount of cash from operations combined with an investment grade credit rating, provides us with the financial flexibility to pursue acquisitions, drive new product development, make capital expenditures to support organic growth and gross margin improvements, return cash to stockholders through dividends and share buy backs, and reduce outstanding debt. These factors position us to continue to increase stockholder value over the long-term. 
 For information regarding risks and uncertainties that could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows, see Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report. 
 38 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Hero Acquisition 
 
 On October 13, 2022, we acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Hero Cosmetics, Inc. Hero ), the developer of the Hero brand which includes the MIGHTY PATCH acne treatment products (the Hero Acquisition ). We paid 546.8, net of cash acquired, at closing, and deferred an additional cash payment of 8.0 for five years to satisfy certain indemnification obligations, if necessary. We also issued 61.5 of restricted stock which will be recognized as compensation expense as the vesting requirements for individuals who received the restricted stock and will continue to be employed by us are satisfied. The vesting requirements are satisfied at various dates over a three-year period from the date of the acquisition. Hero s annual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately 179.0. The Hero Acquisition was financed with cash on hand and commercial paper borrowings and is managed in the Consumer Domestic segment. 
 
 Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 
 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Act ), which contains provisions effective January 1, 2023, including a 15 corporate minimum tax and a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks. While we are still evaluating the impact of the Act, we do not expect any material changes on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows . 
 
 Dividend Increase 
 
 On February 1, 2023, the Board declared a 4 increase in the regular quarterly dividend from 0.2625 to 0.2725 per share, equivalent to an annual dividend of 1.09 per share payable to stockholders of record as of February 15, 2023. The increase raises the annual dividend payout from 255.0 to approximately 265.0. 
 
 Russia - Ukraine War 
 
 The global economy continues to be negatively impacted by the war between Russia and Ukraine. Furthermore, governments in the U.S., United Kingdom, and European Union have each imposed export controls on certain products as well as financial and economic sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia and Belarus. We have experienced material shortages and increased costs for transportation, energy, and raw material due in part to the negative impact of the Russia-Ukraine war on the global economy including European energy market access to Russian energy sources. Further escalation of geopolitical tensions related to the conflict, including increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, could result in, among other things, cyber attacks, supply disruptions, lower consumer demand, and changes to foreign exchange rates and financial markets, any of which may adversely affect our business and supply chain. 
 
 We have no operations in Russia or Ukraine. Sales into Russia and Belarus, which have been suspended indefinitely, are not material to our consolidated net sales and earnings. 
 39 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. By their nature, these judgments are subject to uncertainty. They are based on our historical experience, our observation of trends in industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. Our significant accounting policies and estimates are described below. 
 Revenue Recognition and Promotional and Sales Return Reserves 
 Virtually all of our revenue represents sales of finished goods inventory and is recognized when received or picked up by our customers. The reserves for consumer and trade promotion liabilities and sales returns are established based on our best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing claims on products sold as of the balance sheet date. Promotional reserves are provided for sales incentives, such as coupons to consumers, and sales incentives provided to customers (such as slotting, cooperative advertising, incentive discounts based on volume of sales and other arrangements made directly with customers). All such costs are netted against sales. Slotting costs are recorded when the product is delivered to the customer. Cooperative advertising costs are recorded when the customer places the advertisement for our products. Discounts relating to price reduction arrangements and coupons are recorded when the related sale takes place. Costs associated with end-aisle or other in-store displays are recorded when product that is subject to the promotion is sold. We rely on historical experience and forecasted data to determine the required reserves. For example, we use historical experience to project coupon redemption rates to determine reserve requirements. Based on the total face value of Consumer Domestic coupons redeemed over the past several years, if the actual rate of redemptions were to deviate by 0.1 from the rate for which reserves are accrued in the financial statements, a difference of approximately 2.7 in the reserve required for coupons would result. With regard to other promotional reserves and sales returns, we use experience-based estimates, customer and sales organization inputs and historical trend analysis in arriving at the reserves required. If our estimates for promotional activities and sales returns reserves were to change by 10 the impact to promotional spending and sales return accruals would be approximately 15.9. While management believes that its promotional and sales returns reserves are reasonable and that appropriate judgments have been made, estimated amounts could differ materially from actual future obligations. 
 Impairment of goodwill, trade names and other intangible assets 
 The Company has intangible assets of substantial value on its consolidated balance sheet. These intangible assets are generally related to intangible assets with a useful life, indefinite-lived trade names and goodwill. The Company determines whether an intangible asset (other than goodwill) has a useful life based on multiple factors, including how long the Company intends to generate cash flows from the asset. 
 Carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived trade names are reviewed periodically for possible impairment . Finite intangible assets are assessed when there are business triggering events. Our impairment analysis is based on a discounted cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to unit volume, revenue and expense growth rates, and the selection of an appropriate discount rate and royalty rate. Management uses estimates based on expected trends in making these assumptions. With respect to goodwill, impairment occurs when the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds the discounted present value of cash flows for that reporting unit. For trade names and other intangible assets, an impairment charge is recorded for the difference between the carrying value and the net present value of estimated future cash flows, which represents the estimated fair value of the asset. Judgment is required in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual valuations. Indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change, distribution losses, or competitive activities and acts by governments and courts may indicate that an asset has become impaired. The result of our annual goodwill impairment test determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying values of all reporting units. 
 Fair value for indefinite lived intangible assets was estimated based on a relief from royalty or excess earnings discounted cash flow method, which contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change, and therefore could impact fair values in the future. We determined that the fair value of all indefinite-lived intangible assets for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 exceeded their respective carrying values based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability. 
 In recent years our global TROJAN business, specifically the condom category, has not grown and competition has increased. In addition, profitability was negatively impacted throughout 2022 by inflation, resulting in higher input costs and discount rates, and supply shortages for packaging materials. As a result, the TROJAN business has experienced sales and profit declines that have eroded a significant portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the tradename, which was 176.4 as of December 31, 2022. This indefinite-lived intangible asset may be susceptible to impairment and a continued decline in fair value could trigger a future impairment charge of the TROJAN tradename. While management can and has implemented strategies to address the risk, significant changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair values and could result in a decline in fair value that could trigger future impairment charges of the asset. 
 40 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Our global WATERPIK business has recently experienced a significant decline in customer demand for many of its products, primarily due to lower consumer spending for discretionary products from inflation and a growing number of water flosser consumers switching to more value-branded products. As a result, the WATERPIK business has experienced declining sales and profits resulting in a reduction in expected future cash flows which have eroded a substantial portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the tradename, which was 644.7 as of December 31, 2022. This indefinite-lived intangible asset may be susceptible to impairment and a continued decline in fair value could trigger a future impairment charge of the WATERPIK tradename. While management can and has implemented strategies to address the risk, significant changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair values and could result in a decline in fair value that could trigger future impairment charges of these assets. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we determined that a review of our ability to recover the carrying values of the global FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS intangible assets was necessary based on the discontinuance of certain products at a major retailer. The FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS assets consist of the definite-lived tradename, customer relationships and technology assets recorded at acquisition. We evaluated our ability to recover the carrying values of the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount to the future undiscounted cash flows and determined that the cash flows would not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets. After determining the estimated fair value of the assets, which included a reduction in cash flows due to the loss of distribution mentioned above along with an expected continued decline in discretionary consumption and higher interest rates, a non-cash impairment charge of 411.0 was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. The remaining net book value of the tradename as of December 31, 2022 is 46.3 and will be amortized over a remaining useful life of three years. We are implementing strategies to address the decline in profitability. However, if unsuccessful, a further decline could trigger a future impairment charge. 
 It is possible that our conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the businesses or brands do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies change from current assumptions, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and EBITDA. A future impairment charge for goodwill or intangible assets could have a material effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 Income Taxes 
 Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized to reflect the future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases, and operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which the differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Management provides a valuation allowance against deferred tax assets for amounts which are not considered more likely than not to be realized. We record liabilities for potential assessments in various tax jurisdictions under U.S. GAAP guidelines. The liabilities relate to tax return positions that, although supportable by us, may be challenged by the tax authorities and do not meet the minimum recognition threshold required under applicable accounting guidance for the related tax benefit to be recognized in the income statement. We adjust this liability as a result of changes in tax legislation, interpretations of laws by courts, rulings by tax authorities, changes in estimates and the expiration of the statute of limitations. Many of the judgments involved in adjusting the liability involve assumptions and estimates that are highly uncertain and subject to change. In this regard, settlement of any issue, or an adverse determination in litigation, with a taxing authority could require the use of cash and result in an increase in our annual tax rate. Conversely, favorable resolution of an issue with a taxing authority would be recognized as a reduction to our annual tax rate. 
 New Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of December 31, 2022. 

41 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022, 2021 AND 2020 
 The discussion of results of operations at the consolidated level presented below is followed by a more detailed discussion of results of operations by segment. This section of this Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 results and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Form 10-K can be found in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. The segment discussion also addresses certain product line information. Our operating segments are consistent with our reportable segments. 
 Consolidated results 
 2022 compared to 2021 

Twelve Months Ended 

Change vs. 
 
 Twelve Months Ended 

December 31, 2022 

Prior Year 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Net Sales 
 
 5,375.6 

3.6 

5,190.1 

Gross Profit 
 
 2,250.0 

-0.6 

2,263.5 

Gross Margin 
 
 41.9 

-170 basis points 

43.6 

Marketing Expenses 
 
 535.2 

-7.4 

577.7 

Percent of Net Sales 
 
 10.0 

-110 basis points 

11.1 

Selling, General Administrative Expenses 
 
 1,117.0 

84.1 

606.7 

Percent of Net Sales 
 
 20.8 

910 basis points 

11.7 

Income from Operations 
 
 597.8 

-44.6 

1,079.1 

Operating Margin 
 
 11.1 

-970 basis points 

20.8 

Net income per share - Diluted 
 
 1.68 

-49.4 

3.32 

Net Sales 
 Net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 5,375.6, an increase of 185.5, or 3.6 compared to 2021 net sales. The components of the net sales increase are as follows: 

Net Sales - Consolidated 
 December 31, 2022 

Product volumes sold 
 
 (5.1) 

Pricing/Product mix 
 
 6.5 

Foreign exchange rate fluctuations / Other 
 
 (1.0) 

Acquired product lines (1) 
 
 3.2 

Net Sales increase 
 
 3.6 

(1) On October 13, 2022, we completed the Hero Acquisition. On December 24, 2021, we completed the TheraBreath Acquisition. The results of these acquisitions are included in our results since the date of acquisition. 

The volume change reflects decreased product unit sales for all three segments. Price/mix was favorable in all three segments. 
 Gross Profit 
 Our gross profit for 2022 was 2,250.0, a 13.5 decrease compared to 2021. Gross margin was 41.9 in 2022 compared to 43.6 in 2021, a 170 basis points bps decrease. The decrease is due to the impact of higher manufacturing costs, including labor of 270 bps, higher commodities of 230 bps, the impact of lower sales volumes of 110 bps, and higher transportation costs of 40 bps, partially offset by favorable price/mix of 320 bps, the impact of productivity programs of 110 bps, and business acquisition mix benefits of 50 bps. 
 Operating Costs 
 Marketing expenses for 2022 were 535.2, a decrease of 42.5 compared to 2021. Marketing expenses as a percentage of net sales decreased 110 bps to 10.0 in 2022 as compared to 2021 due to 80 bps on lower expenses as we reduced spending throughout most of 2022 due to low case fill rates, and 30 bps of leverage on higher net sales . 
 42 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 SG A expenses for 2022 were 1,117.0, an increase of 510.3 or 84.1 compared to 2021. The increase is primarily due to the non-cash Flawless intangible asset impairment charges of 411.0 and 2021 s favorable 98.0 Flawless business acquisition liability adjustments, partially offset by lower incentive compensation. SG A as a percentage of net sales increased 910 bps to 20.8 in 2022 compared to 11.7 in 2021. The increase is due to 950 bps on higher expenses (including the Flawless impairment), offset by 40 bps of leverage associated with higher sales. 
 Other Income and Expenses 
 Other expense increased nominally in 2022 as compared to 2021. 
 Interest expense in 2022 was 89.6, an increase of 35.1. The increase is primarily due to higher average debt outstanding and higher interest rates. 
 Taxation 
 The 2022 U.S. federal effective income tax rate was 20.9 compared to 19.8 in 2021. The increase in the tax rate is primarily due to a lower tax benefit related to lower stock option exercises. 
 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the Act ), which contains provisions effective January 1, 2023, including a 15 corporate minimum tax and a 1 excise tax on stock buybacks. While we are still evaluating the impact of the Act, we do not expect any material changes on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Segment results for 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 We operate three reportable segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and SPD. These segments are determined based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures. We also have a Corporate segment. 

Segment 
 Products 

Consumer Domestic 
 Household and personal care products 

Consumer International 
 Primarily personal care products 

SPD 
 Specialty chemical products 

The Corporate segment income consists of equity in earnings of affiliates. As of December 31, 2022, we held 50 ownership interests in each of Armand and ArmaKleen, respectively. Our equity in earnings of Armand and ArmaKleen, totaling 12.3, 9.4 and 6.7 for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in the Corporate segment. 
 
 43 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Some of the subsidiaries that are included in the Consumer International segment manufacture and sell personal care products to the Consumer Domestic segment. These sales are eliminated from the Consumer International segment results set forth below. 
 Segment net sales and income before income taxes for each of the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

Consumer 

Consumer 

Domestic 

International 

SPD 

Corporate (3) 

Total 

Net Sales (1) 

2022 
 
 4,131.0 

896.1 

348.5 

0.0 

5,375.6 

2021 
 
 3,941.9 

912.2 

336.0 

0.0 

5,190.1 

2020 
 
 3,767.6 

828.2 

300.0 

0.0 

4,895.8 

Income before Income Taxes (2) 

2022 (4) 
 
 427.3 

38.8 

44.9 

12.3 

523.3 

2021 (5) 
 
 861.4 

127.3 

33.6 

9.4 

1,031.7 

2020 (6) 
 
 832.4 

105.0 

29.7 

6.7 

973.8 

(1) Intersegment sales from Consumer International to Consumer Domestic, which are not reflected in the table, were 15.1, 10.8 and 11.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(2) In determining income before income taxes, interest expense, investment earnings and certain aspects of other income and expense were allocated among segments based upon each segment s relative income from operations. 

(3) Corporate segment consists of equity in earnings of affiliates from Armand and ArmaKleen in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

(4) 2022 results include the Flawless non-cash intangible asset impairment charges of 411.0 in SG A expenses, of which 349.3 was recorded in the Consumer Domestic segment and 61.7 was recorded in the Consumer International segment. 

(5) 2021 results include a 98.0 reduction in SG A expenses to reduce the Flawless business acquisition liability, of which 83.2 was recorded to Consumer Domestic and 14.8 was recorded to Consumer International. 

(6) 2020 results include a 94.0 reduction of SG A expenses to reduce the Flawless business acquisition liability, of which 79.9 was recorded to Consumer Domestic and 14.1 was recorded to Consumer International. During 2020, we sold our PERL WEISS toothpaste brand in Germany resulting in a reduction in SG A expenses of 3.0 recorded in Consumer International. 

Product line revenues for external customers for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Household Products 

2,272.0 

2,103.0 

2,038.5 

Personal Care Products 

1,859.0 

1,838.9 

1,729.1 

Total Consumer Domestic 

4,131.0 

3,941.9 

3,767.6 

Total Consumer International 

896.1 

912.2 

828.2 

Total SPD 

348.5 

336.0 

300.0 

Total Consolidated Net Sales 

5,375.6 

5,190.1 

4,895.8 

Household Products include deodorizing, cleaning and laundry products. Personal Care Products include condoms, pregnancy kits, oral care products, skin care products, hair care products and gummy dietary supplements. 
 
 44 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Consumer Domestic 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Consumer Domestic net sales in 2022 were 4,131.0, an increase of 189.1 or 4.8 compared to net sales of 3,941.9 in 2021. The components of the net sales change are the following: 

Net Sales - Consumer Domestic 
 December 31, 2022 

Product volumes sold 
 
 (5.9) 

Pricing/Product mix 
 
 6.8 

Acquired product lines (1) 
 
 3.9 

Net Sales increase 
 
 4.8 

(1) Includes the Hero and TheraBreath Acquisitions since the date of acquisition. 

The increase in net sales for 2022 reflects the impact of the Hero and TheraBreath Acquisitions, and higher net sales in ARM HAMMER Liquid Detergent, OXICLEAN Powder, ARM HAMMER Cat Litter, and BATISTE dry shampoo, partially offset by declines in FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS Hair Removal Products, WATERPIK Shower Heads, and VITAFUSION and L IL CRITTERS gummy vitamins. 
 Consumer Domestic income before income taxes for 2022 was 427.3, a 434.1 decrease as compared to 2021. The decrease is due primarily to higher SG A expenses of 437.7 (from the 2022 FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS non-cash intangible asset impairment charge of 349.3 and the favorable reduction in the fair value of the FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS business acquisition liability in 2021 of 83.2). Also impacting Consumer Domestic was higher manufacturing and distribution expenses of 150.6, the impact of lower sales volumes of 67.9, and higher interest and other expenses of 24.8, partially offset by a favorable price/mix of 216.7 and lower marketing expenses of 29.1. 
 Consumer International 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 Consumer International net sales in 2022 were 896.1, a decrease of 16.1 or 1.8 as compared to 2021. The components of the net sales change are the following: 

Net Sales - Consumer International 
 December 31, 2022 

Product volumes sold 
 
 (1.7) 

Pricing/Product mix 
 
 4.5 

Foreign exchange rate fluctuations 
 
 (5.5) 

Acquired product lines (1) 
 
 0.9 

Net Sales decrease 
 
 (1.8) 

(1) Includes the TheraBreath Acquisition since the date of acquisition . 

Excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates and acquired product lines, sales growth is driven by the BATISTE and CURASH brands in Australia, the BATISTE, GRAVOL, and ARM HAMMER Cat Litter in Canada , and the BATISTE brand in Europe. 
 Consumer International income before income taxes was 38.8 in 2022, a decrease of 88.5 compared to 2021 due to higher SG A expenses of 78.1 (from the 2022 FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS non-cash intangible asset impairment charge of 61.7 and favorable reduction in the fair value of the FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS business acquisition liability in 2021 of 14.8). Also impacting Consumer International was higher manufacturing and commodity costs of 38.6, unfavorable foreign exchange rates of 19.4, and the impact of lower sales volumes of 4.3, partially offset by a favorable price/mix of 34.0, lower marketing expenses of 17.1, and lower interest and other expenses of 0.6 . 

45 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Specialty Products 
 2022 compared to 2021 
 SPD net sales were 348.5 for 2022, an increase of 12.5, or 3.7 compared to 2021. The components of the net sales change are the following: 

Net Sales - SPD 
 December 31, 2022 

Product volumes sold 
 
 (5.1) 

Pricing/Product mix 
 
 8.8 

Net Sales increase 
 
 3.7 

Net sales increased primarily due to higher pricing in our dairy and specialty chemicals segments in response to rising costs. 
 SPD income before income taxes was 44.9 in 2022, an increase of 11.3 compared to 2021. The increase in income before income taxes for 2022 is due primarily to favorable price/product mix of 29.7 and lower SG A costs of 12.1, which were offset by unfavorable manufacturing costs of 20.8, higher interest and other expenses of 5.8, the impact of lower sales volumes of 3.8 and higher marketing expenses of 0.1. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate includes administrative costs of the production, planning and logistics functions which are allocated to the operating segments in SG A expenses but are elements of cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Such amounts were 34.3, 47.1 and 59.8 for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Also included in corporate are the equity in earnings of affiliates from Armand and ArmaKleen, totaling 12.3, 9.4 and 6.7 for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 On June 16, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement (the Credit Agreement that provides for our 1,500.0 unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility that matures on June 16, 2027, unless extended. The Credit Agreement replaced our prior 1,000.0 unsecured revolving credit facility maturing on March 29, 2024 that was entered into on March 29, 2018. We have the ability to increase our borrowing up to an additional 750.0, subject to lender commitments and certain conditions as described in the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are available for general corporate purposes and are used to support our 1,500.0 commercial paper program. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 270.3 in cash and cash equivalents, and approximately 1,426.0 available through the Revolving Credit Facility and our commercial paper program. To preserve our liquidity, we invest cash primarily in government money market funds, prime money market funds, short-term commercial paper and short-term bank deposits. 
 On October 31, 2022, we issued 500.0 aggregate principal amount of 5.60 Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes ). The proceeds from the sale of the 2032 Notes were used to repay commercial paper debt incurred to finance the Hero Acquisition, and related fees and expenses. The 2032 Notes will mature on November 15, 2032, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2032 Notes. 
 On June 2, 2022, we issued 500.0 aggregate principal amount of 5.00 Senior Notes due 2052 (the 2052 Notes ). In July 2022 a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the 2052 Notes were used to repay all of our outstanding 300.0 2.45 Senior Notes due August 1, 2022. The 2052 Notes will mature on June 15, 2052, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2052 Notes. 
 In October 2022, we repaid all of the outstanding 400.0 2.875 Senior notes due October 1, 2022 with a portion of the proceeds from the 2052 Notes and cash on hand. 
 On December 22, 2021, we entered into a 400.0 unsecured term loan facility (as amended on June 16, 2022, the Term Loan Facility with various banks. The loan under the Term Loan Facility (the Term Loan was fully drawn at closing. Unless repaid early, the Term Loan is due on December 22, 2024. The interest rate is the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a spread and an applicable margin based on the Company s credit rating, which can range from 60 basis points to 125 bps. The proceeds of the Term Loan were used to partially fund the TheraBreath Acquisition, with the remaining proceeds used for the repayment of commercial paper. In January 2023, we repaid 100.0 of the Term Loan with cash on hand and commercial paper borrowings. 
 46 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Additionally, we financed the TheraBreath Acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from an underwritten public offering of 400.0 aggregate principal amount Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes completed on December 10, 2021. The 2031 Notes will mature on December 15, 2031, unless earlier retired or redeemed pursuant to the terms of the supplemental indenture governing the terms of the 2031 Notes. 
 We financed the Waterpik Acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from an underwritten public offering of 1,425.0 aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes completed on July 25, 2017, consisting of 300.0 aggregate principal amount of Floating Rate Senior Notes that were due in 2019 and have been fully repaid, 300.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.45 Senior Notes that were due in 2022 and have been fully repaid, 425.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.15 Senior Notes due 2027 and 400.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.95 Senior Notes due 2047. 
 In 2015, we initiated a Supply Chain Finance program SCF Program ). Under the SCF Program, qualifying suppliers may elect to sell their receivables from us for early payment. Participating suppliers negotiate their receivables sales arrangements directly with a third party. We are not party to those agreements and do not have an economic interest in the supplier s decision to sell their receivables. The SCF Program may allow suppliers more favorable terms than they could secure on their own. The terms of our payment obligations are not impacted by a supplier s participation in the SCF Program. Our payment terms with suppliers are consistent between suppliers that elect to participate in the SCF Program and those that do not participate. As a result, the program does not have an impact to our average days outstanding. 
 All amounts outstanding to suppliers participating in the SCF Program are recorded within Accounts Payable in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, and the associated payments are included in operating activities within our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 The current economic environment presents risks that could have adverse consequences for our liquidity. See the discussion of this and other risks under Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Annual Report. We continue to manage all aspects of our business including, but not limited to, monitoring the financial health of our customers, suppliers and other third-party relationships, implementing gross margin enhancement strategies and developing new opportunities for growth. We do not anticipate that current economic conditions will adversely affect our ability to comply with the financial covenant in the Credit Agreement because we currently are, and anticipate that we will continue to be, in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio requirement under the Credit Agreement. 
 On October 28, 2021, the Board authorized a new share repurchase program under which we may purchase up to 1,000.0 in shares of Common Stock (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ). The 2021 Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration and replaces our 2017 Share Repurchase Program. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program does not modify our evergreen share repurchase program, authorized by the Board on January 29, 2014, under which we may repurchase, from time to time, Common Stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of Common Stock under our incentive plans. 
 In December 2021, we executed open market purchases of 1.8 million shares for 170.3, inclusive of fees, of which 100.0 was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and 70.3 was purchased under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. In December 2021, we also entered into an ASR contract with a commercial bank to purchase Common Stock. We paid 200.0 to the bank, inclusive of fees, and received an initial delivery of shares equal to 180.0, or 1.8 million shares. We used cash on hand and short-term borrowings to fund the initial purchase price. Upon the completion of the ASR, which ended in February 2022, the bank delivered an additional 0.2 million shares to us. The final shares delivered to us were determined by the average price per share paid by the bank during the purchase period. All 2.0 million shares were purchased under our 2021 Share Repurchase Program. 
 As a result of our stock repurchases, there remains 729.7 of share repurchase availability under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program as of December 31, 2022. 
 On February 1, 2023, the Board declared a 4 increase in the regular quarterly dividend from 0.2625 to 0.2725 per share, equivalent to an annual dividend of 1.09 per share payable to stockholders of record as of February 15, 2023. The increase raises the annual dividend payout from 255.0 to approximately 265.0. 
 We anticipate that our cash from operations, together with our current borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to fund our share repurchase programs to the extent implemented by management, pay debt and interest as it comes due and pay dividends at the latest approved rate, and meet our capital expenditure program costs, which are expected to be approximately 250.0 in 2023 primarily for manufacturing capacity investments in laundry, litter and vitamins to support expected future sales growth. Cash, together with our current borrowing capacity, may be used for acquisitions that would complement our existing product lines or geographic markets. 

47 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 Cash Flow Analysis 

Year Ended 

December 31, 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 885.2 

993.8 

990.3 

Net cash used in investing activities 
 
 (728.6) 

(682.0) 

(608.1) 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 (120.9) 

(252.1) 

(360.1) 

2022 compared to 2021 
 Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Our primary source of liquidity is our cash flow provided by operating activities, which is dependent on the level of net income and changes in working capital. Our net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 decreased by 108.6 to 885.2 as compared to 993.8 in 2021 due to an increase in working capital and lower cash earnings (net income adjusted for non-cash items). The increase in working capital is primarily related to higher inventory balances as we increased inventory early in 2022 to ensure supply and then experienced lower demand for certain products later in the year. We measure working capital effectiveness based on our cash conversion cycle. The following table presents our cash conversion cycle information for the quarters ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

As of 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Change 

Days of sales outstanding in accounts receivable DSO 
 
 28 

28 

0 

Days of inventory outstanding DIO 
 
 69 

64 

5 

Days of accounts payable outstanding DPO 
 
 78 

78 

0 

Cash conversion cycle 
 
 19 

14 

5 

Our cash conversion cycle (defined as the sum of DSO plus DIO less DPO) at December 31, 2022, which is calculated using a two period average method, increased 5 days from the prior year due to an increase in DIO of 5 days from the increase in inventory balances as we increased inventory early in 2022 to ensure supply and then experienced lower demand for certain products later in the year. We continue to focus on reducing our working capital requirements. 
 
 Net Cash Used in Investing Activities Net cash used in investing activities during 2022 was 728.6, primarily reflecting 546.8 for the Hero Acquisition and 178.8 for property, plant and equipment additions. Net cash used in investing activities during 2021 was 682.0, primarily reflecting 556.0 for the TheraBreath Acquisition and 118.8 for property, plant and equipment additions. 
 
 Net Cash Used in Financing Activities Net cash used in financing activities during the twelve months of 2022 was 120.9, reflecting 255.0 of cash dividend payments and 12.0 of financing costs, partially offset by 119.9 of net debt borrowings, and 26.2 of proceeds from stock option exercises. Net cash used in financing activities during the twelve months of 2021 was 252.1, reflecting 500.0 of repurchases of our Common Stock, 247.5 of cash dividend payments and 3.9 of financing costs, partially offset by 400.7 of net debt borrowings, and 98.7 of proceeds from stock option exercises. 

48 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 OTHER ITEMS 
 Market risk 
 Concentration of Risk 
 A group of four customers accounted for approximately 42 of consolidated net sales in 2022. A group of three customers accounted for approximately 37 of consolidated net sales in 2021 and 36 in 2020, of which a single customer (Walmart Inc. and its affiliates) accounted for approximately 24 , 24 and 23 in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had outstanding total debt at December 31, 2022, of 2,673.5, net of debt issuance costs, of which approximately 82 has a fixed weighted average interest rate of 4.1 and the remaining 18 was constituted of commercial paper issued by us that currently has a weighted average interest rate of approximately 4.0 and the term loan due 2024 with a current rate of approximately 5.1 . From time to time the Company will enter into interest rate lock agreements to hedge the risk of changes in the interest payments attributable to changes in the interest rate associated with anticipated issuances of debt. 
 Other Market Risks 
 We are also subject to market risks relating to our diesel and other commodity costs, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and changes in the market price of the Common Stock. Refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report for a discussion of these market risks and the derivatives used to manage the risks associated with changing diesel fuel and other commodity prices, foreign exchange rates and the price of our Common Stock. 
 
 I TEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 This information appears under the heading Market Risk in the Management s Discussion and Analysis section. Refer to page 49 of this Annual Report. 
 49 

I TEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 Management of Church Dwight Co., Inc. (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Management evaluated the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). As a result of this assessment and based on the criteria in the COSO framework, management has concluded that as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective. 
 The Company s independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Their opinions on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting and on the Company s consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule appear on pages 51 and 53 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

/s/ Matthew T. Farrell 
 
 /s/ Richard A. Dierker 

Matthew T. Farrell 
 
 Richard A. Dierker 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Executive Vice President 

and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

February 16, 2023 

50 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Church Dwight Co., Inc. 
 Ewing, New Jersey 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Church Dwight Co., Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with the accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Tradenames and Other Intangibles, Net Trojan and Waterpik Refer to Notes 1 and 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 The Company owns tradenames that are considered to have indefinite lives. These tradenames are required to be measured periodically for impairment. 
 
 The Company s global Trojan business, specifically the condom category, has not grown and competition has increased. In addition, higher input costs, discount rates, and supply shortages for packaging materials have reduced profitability. As a result, the Trojan business has experienced declining sales and profits resulting in a reduction in expected future cash flows, eroding a portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the tradename. The carrying value of the Trojan tradename is 176.4 million and fair value exceeded the carrying value by 46 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company s global Waterpik business has recently experienced a decline in customer demand for many of its products, primarily due to value-branded competitive products and lower consumer spending on discretionary products resulting from inflation. As a result, the Waterpik business has experienced declining sales and profits resulting in a reduction in expected future cash flows, eroding a substantial 
 51 

portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the tradename. The carrying value of the Waterpik tradename is 644.7 million and fair value exceeded the carrying value by 7 as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management estimates the fair value of these tradenames on a periodic basis, estimated based on a relief from royalty (Trojan) or excess earnings (Waterpik) discounted cash flow method. The determination of the fair value requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions related to future performance, such as revenue growth rates (Trojan and Waterpik) and EBITA margin (Waterpik only), as well as the selection of appropriate valuation assumptions such as the discount rates (Trojan and Waterpik) and royalty rate (Trojan only). Changes in these assumptions could have a significant impact on the fair value of the tradenames, leading to an impairment. 
 
 Given the significant judgments made by management to estimate the tradenames fair value, performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates and assumptions related to the revenue growth rates, EBITA margin, and the selection of the discount rates and royalty rate, involved a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort, including the need to involve our fair value specialists. 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 Our audit procedures related to the revenue growth rate, EBITA margin, and the selection of the discount rates and royalty rate for the tradenames included the following, among others: 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the account balance, including those over the revenue growth rates, EBITA margin, and the selection of the discount rates and royalty rate. 

We evaluated management s ability to accurately forecast revenue growth and EBITA margin by comparing actual performance to management s historical forecasts. 

We evaluated the reasonableness of management s forecasted revenue growth and EBITA margin by comparing the forecasts to: 

Historical performance. 

Internal communications to management and the Board of Directors. 

Forecasted information included in analyst and industry reports for the Company and certain of its peer companies. 

With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of the discount rate and royalty rate by: 

- Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and royalty rate and the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 

- Developing a range of independent estimates and comparing those to the discount rates and royalty rate selected by management. 

/s/ 

February 16, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1968. 
 
 52 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 Church Dwight Co., Inc. 
 Ewing, New Jersey 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Church Dwight Co., Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 16, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Morristown, NJ 
 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 53 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOL IDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In millions, except per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross Profit 

Marketing expenses 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income from Operations 

Equity in earnings of affiliates 

Investment earnings 

Other income (expense), net 

() 

() 

() 

Interest expense 

() 

() 

() 

Income before Income Taxes 

Income taxes 

Net Income 

Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic 

Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted 

Net income per share - Basic 

Net income per share - Diluted 

Cash dividends per share 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMEN TS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 

Foreign exchange translation adjustments 

() 

() 

Defined benefit plan gain (loss) 

() 

Income (loss) from derivative agreements 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Comprehensive income 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

54 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, less allowances of and 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Total Current Assets 

Property, Plant and Equipment, Net 

Equity Investment in Affiliates 

Trade Names and Other Intangibles, Net 

Goodwill 

Other Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

Current Liabilities 

Short-term borrowings 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Total Current Liabilities 

Long-term Debt 

Deferred Income Taxes 

Deferred and Other Long-term Liabilities 

Business Acquisition Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders' Equity 

Preferred Stock, par value, Authorized shares; issued 

Common Stock, par value, Authorized shares; shares issued as of December 31, 2022 and shares issued as of December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Common stock in treasury, at cost: shares as of December 31, 2022 and shares as of December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

55 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 C ONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash Flow From Operating Activities 

Net Income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Amortization expense 

Change in fair value of business acquisition liabilities 

() 

() 

Deferred income taxes 

() 

Flawless impairment 

Equity in net earnings of affiliates 

() 

() 

() 

Distributions from unconsolidated affiliates 

Non-cash compensation expense 

Asset impairment charge and other asset write-offs 

Gain on sale of assets 

() 

Other 

() 

Change in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventories 

() 

() 

() 

Other current assets 

() 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

() 

Other operating assets and liabilities, net 

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash Provided By Operating Activities 

Cash Flow From Investing Activities 

Additions to property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from sale of assets 

Acquisitions 

() 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash Flow From Financing Activities 

Long-term debt borrowings 

Long-term debt (repayments) 

() 

() 

Short-term debt (repayments), net of borrowings 

() 

() 

Proceeds from stock options exercised 

Payment of cash dividends 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of treasury stock 

() 

() 

Payment of business acquisition liabilities 

() 

Deferred financing and other 

() 

() 

() 

Net Cash Used In Financing Activities 

() 

() 

() 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

() 

() 

Net Change In Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 
 56 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOW-CONTINUED 
 (In millions) 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest (net of amounts capitalized) 

Income taxes 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: 

Property, plant and equipment expenditures included in Accounts Payable 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

57 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSO LIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 

Number of Shares 

Amounts 

Common Stock 

Treasury Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-In Capital 

Retained Earnings 

Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 

Treasury Stock 

Total Church Dwight Co., Inc. Stockholders' Equity 

December 31, 2019 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

() 

() 

Cash dividends 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

() 

() 

Stock purchases 
 
 0.0 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation expense and stock option plan transactions 
 
 0.0 

December 31, 2020 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

Cash dividends 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

() 

() 

Stock purchases 
 
 0.0 

() 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation expense and stock option plan transactions 
 
 0.0 

December 31, 2021 

() 

() 

() 

Net income 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

Cash dividends 
 
 0.0 

0.0 

() 

() 

Stock purchases 
 
 0.0 

() 

() 

Stock based compensation expense and stock option plan transactions 

() 

December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

() 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 58 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 

interest in its Armand Products Company Armand joint venture and its interest in The ArmaKleen Company ArmaKleen joint venture under the equity method. Armand and ArmaKleen are specialty chemical businesses. The Company s equity in earnings of Armand and ArmaKleen are included in the Corporate segment, as described in Note 16. 
 segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and Specialty Products Division SPD ). The segments are based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures. The Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments market a variety of personal care and household products and over-the-counter products, including but not limited to baking soda, cat litter, laundry detergent, condoms, stain removers, hair removal, gummy dietary supplements, dry shampoo, oral care, cold remedy, acne treatment, water flossers and showerheads. The SPD segment focuses on sales to businesses and participates in product areas: Animal and Food Production, Specialty Chemicals and Specialty Cleaners. The Company s products are distinct and separately identifiable on customer contracts or invoices, with each product sale representing a separate performance obligation. The Company sells consumer products under a variety of brands through a broad distribution platform that includes supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar, pet and other specialty stores and websites and other e-commerce channels, all of which sell its products to consumers. The Company sells its specialty products to industrial customers, livestock producers and through distributors. Refer to Note 17 for disaggregated revenue information with respect to each of the Company s segments. b. When Performance Obligations are Satisfied 

 For performance obligations related to the shipping and invoicing of products, control transfers at the point in time upon which finished goods are delivered to the Company s customers or when finished goods are picked up by a customer or a customer s carrier. Once a product has been delivered or picked up by the customer, the customer is able to direct the use of, and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from, the asset. The Company considers control to have transferred upon delivery or customer receipt because the Company has an enforceable right to payment at that time, the customer has legal title to the asset, the Company has transferred physical possession of the asset, and the customer has significant risk and rewards of ownership of the asset. c. Variable Consideration 

 The Company conducts extensive promotional activities, primarily through the use of off-list discounts, slotting, coupons, cooperative advertising, periodic price reduction arrangements, and end-aisle and other in-store displays. The costs of such activities are netted against sales and are recorded when the related sale takes place. The reserves for sales returns and consumer and trade promotion liabilities are established based on the Company s best estimate of the amounts necessary to settle future and existing obligations for products sold as of the balance sheet date. The Company uses historical trend experience and coupon redemption inputs in arriving at coupon reserve requirements, and uses forecasted appropriations, customer and sales organization inputs, and historical trend analysis in determining the reserves for other promotional activities and sales returns. d. Practical Expedients 

 The Company expenses incremental direct costs of obtaining a contract (broker commissions) when the related sale takes place. These costs are recorded in SG A expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The Company accounts for shipping and handling costs as fulfillment activities which are therefore recognized upon shipment of the goods. The Company has applied the portfolio approach to all open contracts as they have similar characteristics and can reasonably expect that the effects on the financial statements of applying this new guidance to the portfolio of contracts would not differ materially from applying this guidance to the individual contracts within the portfolio. 
 
 , , and during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. 
 - , - and - years, respectively. Routine repairs and maintenance are expensed when incurred. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over a period no longer than the respective lease term, except where a lease renewal has been determined to be reasonably assured and failure to renew the lease results in a significant penalty to the Company. 
 years. 
 
 useful lives, which range from - years, using the straight-line method, and reviewed for impairment when changes in market circumstances occur. It is possible that the Company s conclusions regarding impairment or recoverability of goodwill or other intangible assets could change in future periods if, for example, (i) the businesses or brands do not perform as projected, (ii) overall economic conditions in future years vary from current assumptions (including changes in discount rates), (iii) business conditions or strategies change from current assumptions, (iv) investors require higher rates of return on equity investments in the marketplace or (v) enterprise values of comparable publicly traded companies, or actual sales transactions of comparable companies, were to decline, resulting in lower multiples of revenues and EBITDA. 
 , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These expenses are included in SG A expenses and are expensed as incurred. 

Dilutive effect of stock options 

Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted 

Antidilutive stock options outstanding 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Total 

In March 2020, the FASB issued new accounting guidance intended to provide temporary optional expedients and exceptions to the U.S. GAAP guidance on contract modifications and hedge accounting to ease the financial reporting burdens related to the expected market transition from the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other interbank offered rates to alternative reference rates. This guidance was effective beginning on March 12, 2020, and the Company may apply the amendments prospectively. In December 2022, the FASB issued new accounting guidance that deferred the expiration date to December 31, 2024. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows in the current period. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted In September 2022, the FASB issued new accounting guidance intended to add certain qualitative and quantitative disclosure requirements for a buyer in a supplier finance program. The amendments require a buyer that uses supplier finance programs to make annual disclosures about the program s key terms, the balance sheet presentation of related amounts, the confirmed amount outstanding at the end of the period, and associated rollforward information. Only the amount outstanding at the end of the period must be disclosed in interim periods. The amendments are effective for all entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022 on a retrospective basis, including interim periods within those fiscal years, except for the requirement to disclose rollforward information, which is effective prospectively for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adoption, which is expected to result in additional disclosures in 2023 if material. 

Financial Liabilities: 

Short-term borrowings 
 Level 2 

Senior notes due August 1, 2022 
 Level 2 

Senior notes due October 1, 2022 
 Level 2 

Term loan due December 22, 2024 
 Level 2 

Senior notes due August 1, 2027 
 Level 2 

Senior notes due December 15, 2031 
 Level 2 

Senior notes due November 15, 2032 
 Level 2 

Senior notes due August 1, 2047 
 Level 2 

Senior notes due June 15, 2052 
 Level 2 

Interest Rate Swap Lock Agreement liability 
 Level 2 

The Company recognizes transfers between input levels as of the actual date of the event. There were no transfers between input levels during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: Cash Equivalents: Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid short-term investments and term bank deposits, which mature within three months. The estimated fair value of the Company s cash equivalents approximates their carrying value. Short-Term Borrowings: The carrying amounts of the Company s unsecured lines of credit and commercial paper issuances approximates fair value because of their short maturities and variable interest rates. Senior Notes: The Company determines the fair value of its senior notes based on their quoted market value or broker quotes, when possible. In the absence of observable market quotes, the notes are valued using non-binding market consensus prices that the Company seeks to corroborate with observable market data. Interest Rate Lock Agreements From time to time the Company will enter into interest rate lock agreements to hedge the risk of changes in the interest payments attributable to changes in the interest rates associated with anticipated issuances of debt. See Note 3 - Derivative Instruments and Risk Management for further details. 

of the Company s 2022 diesel fuel requirements. T hese diesel fuel hedge agreements qualified for hedge accounting. Therefore, changes in the fair value of such agreements are recorded under Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Foreign Currency The Company is subject to exposure from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily U.S. Dollar/Euro, U.S. Dollar/ Pound, U.S. Dollar/Canadian Dollar, U.S. Dollar/Mexican Peso, U.S Dollar/Chinese Yuan and U.S. Dollar/Australian Dollar. The Company enters into forward exchange contracts to reduce the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations related to anticipated but not yet committed sales or purchases denominated in U.S. Dollar, Canadian Dollar, Pound, Euro, Mexican Peso, Chinese Yuan, and Australian Dollar. The Company entered into forward exchange contracts to hedge itself from the risk that, due to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, it would be adversely affected by net cash outflows. The face value of the unexpired contracts as of December 31, 2022 totaled in U.S. Dollars, of which qualifies as foreign currency cash flow hedges and, therefore, changes in the fair value of the contracts are recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affected earnings. Interest Rate Lock Agreements From time to time the Company will enter into interest rate lock agreements to hedge the risk of changes in the interest payments attributable to changes in the interest rates associated with anticipated issuances of debt. The interest rate lock agreements outstanding at December 31, 2021 were settled in the second quarter of 2022 for a loss of . The Company entered into additional interest rate lock agreements in the third quarter of 2022 which were settled in the fourth quarter of 2022 for a gain of . These agreements were used to hedge the interest rate risk associated with the first ten years of semi-annual interest payments associated with the Senior Notes due in 2052 and 2032, respectively, and will each be amortized over a period. There were interest rate lock agreements outstanding as of December 31, 2022. The net gain on the settlement of these interest rate lock agreements was included in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income AOCI ). Commodity Hedges The Company is subject to exposure due to changes in prices of commodities used in production. To limit the effects of fluctuations in the future market price paid and related volatility in cash flows, the Company enters into commodity forward swap contracts. These hedges are designated as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and, therefore, changes in the fair value of the contracts are recorded in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) and reclassified to earnings when the hedged transaction affected earnings. The fair value of these commodity hedge agreements is reflected in the Consolidated Balance Sheet within Other Current Assets and Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses. Derivatives not Designated as Hedging Instruments Equity Derivatives The Company has entered into equity derivative contracts covering its Common Stock in order to minimize its liability under its Executive Deferred Compensation Plan resulting from changes in the quoted fair values of its Common Stock to participants who have investments under the Plan in a notional Common Stock fund. The contracts are settled in cash. Since the equity derivatives contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting, the Company is required to mark such contracts to market throughout the contract term and record changes in fair value in the consolidated Statements of Income. 

Interest rate swap lock 

Diesel fuel contracts 
 
 gallons 
 
 gallons 

Commodities contracts 
 
 pounds 
 
 pounds 

Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 

Foreign exchange contracts 

Equity derivatives 

65 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total 

Buildings and improvements 

Machinery and equipment 

Software 

Office equipment and other assets 

Construction in progress 

Gross PP E 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Net PP E 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Depreciation expense on PP E 

66 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 , net of cash acquired, at closing, and deferred an additional cash payment of for to satisfy certain indemnification obligations, if necessary. The Company also issued of restricted stock which will be recognized as compensation expense as the vesting requirements for individuals who received the restricted stock and will continue to be employed by the Company are satisfied. The vesting requirements are satisfied at various dat es over a period from the date of the acquisition. Hero s annual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 were approximately . The Hero Acquisition was financed with cash on hand and commercial paper borrowings and is managed in the Consumer Domestic segment. 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Property, plant and equipment 

Trade name 
 
 .0 

Other intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 () 

Deferred and Other Long-term Liabilities 
 
 () 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 () 

Business acquisition liabilities - long-term 
 
 () 

Cash purchase price (net of cash acquired) 

The trade name and other intangible assets were valued using a discounted cash flow model. The trade name and other intangible assets recognized from the Hero Acquisition have useful lives which range from - years. The goodwill is a result of expected synergies from combined operations of the acquired business and the Company. Pro forma results are not presented because the impact of the acquisition is not material to the Company s consolidated financial results. The goodwill and other intangible assets associated with the Hero Acquisition are not deductible for U.S. tax purposes. On December 24, 2021, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity of Dr. Harold Katz, LLC and HK-IP International, Inc., the owners of the THERABREATH brand of oral care products business (the TheraBreath Acquisition ). The Company paid , net of cash acquired, at closing and deferred an additional cash payment of related to certain indemnity obligations provided by the seller. The additional amount, to the extent not used in satisfaction of such indemnity obligations, is payable in installments between two and from the closing. THERABREATH s annual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 were approximately . The acquisition was financed by the proceeds from a term loan and the Company s underwritten public offering of aggregate principal Senior Notes due on December 15, 2031 (as defined in Note 10) completed on December 10, 2021. The THERABREATH business is managed in the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments. 

Inventory 

Trade name 

Other intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 
 () 

Business acquisition liabilities - long-term 
 
 () 

Cash purchase price (net of cash acquired) 

The trade names and other intangible assets were valued using a discounted cash flow model. The trade name has an indefinite life. The life of the other intangible assets recognized from the TheraBreath Acquisition have useful lives which range from - years. The goodwill is a result of expected synergies from combined operations of the acquired business and the Company. Pro forma results are not presented because the impact of the acquisition is not material to the Company s consolidated financial results. The goodwill and other intangible assets associated with the TheraBreath Acquisition are deductible for U.S. tax purposes. On December 1, 2020, the Company acquired all of the outstanding equity of Consumer Health Holdco LLC, the owner of the ZICAM brand and cold remedy products business (the Zicam Acquisition ). The Company paid , net of cash acquired, at closing and deferred an additional cash payment of related to certain indemnifications provided by the seller. The deferred amount is recorded in Business Acquisition Liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and any amount that may be due for the business acquisition liability is payable from the closing. Zicam s annual net sales for the year ended December 31, 2020 were approximately . The acquisition was financed by the Company with a combination of cash on hand and short-term borrowings. The ZICAM business is managed in the Consumer Domestic segment. 

Property, plant and equipment 

Trade name 

Other intangible assets 

Goodwill 

Current liabilities 
 
 () 

Deferred income taxes 
 
 () 

Long-term liabilities 
 
 () 

Cash purchase price (net of cash acquired) 

- years. The goodwill is a result of expected synergies from combined operations of the acquired business and the Company. Pro forma results are not presented because the impact of the acquisition is not material to the Company s consolidated financial results. The goodwill and other intangible assets associated with the Zicam Acquisition are not deductible for U.S. tax purposes. 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Customer Relationships 

() 

() 

- 

() 

() 

Patents/Formulas 

() 

() 

- 

() 

Total 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Intangible amortization expense amounted to for 2022, for 2021 and for 2020, respectively. The Company estimates that intangible amortization expense will be approximately in 2023 and approximately to annually over the next five years. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company determined that a review of our ability to recover the carrying values of the global FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS intangible assets was necessary based on the discontinuance of certain products at a major retailer. The FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS assets consist of the definite-lived tradename, customer relationships and technology assets recorded at acquisition. The Company evaluated our ability to recover the intangible assets by comparing the carrying amount to the future undiscounted cash flows and determined that the cash flows would not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets. After determining the estimated fair value of the assets, which included a reduction in cash flows due to the loss of distribution mentioned above along with an expected continued decline in discretionary consumption and higher interest rates, a non-cash impairment charge of was recorded in the fourth quarter of 2022. The impairment charge is included in SG A with recorded in the Consumer Domestic segment and recorded in the Consumer International segment. The impairment charge was applied as a full impairment of the customer relationship and technology assets and a partial impairment of the tradename. The remaining net book value of the tradename as of December 31, 2022 is and will be amortized over a remaining useful life of . The estimated fair value of the intangible assets was determined using the income approach with Level 3 inputs. The Level 3 inputs include the discount rate of applied to management s estimates of future cash flows based on projections of revenue, gross margin, marketing expense and tax rates considering the loss of product distribution and the reduction in customer demand that FINISHING TOUCH FLAWLESS has been experiencing through December 31, 2022. The Company is implementing strategies to address the decline in profitability. However, if unsuccessful, a further decline could trigger a future impairment charg e . The Company s Passport Food Safety business has experienced sales and profit declines due to decreased demand driven by the COVID-19 pandemic and pressures from new competitive activities resulting from the loss of exclusivity on a key product line. In the fourth quarter of 2021, management s review of the outlook for the Passport business indicated an assessment of our ability to recover the carrying values of the long-lived assets associated with the business was necessary. That review determined that the estimated future cash flows would not be sufficient to recover the carrying value of the assets resulting in an impairment of the associated tradename and other intangible assets of in the fourth quarter of 2021. The charge was recorded in SG A. The assets have a current net book value of and are being amortized over their remaining weighted average life of years. The Company is implementing strategies to address the decline in profitability. However, if unsuccessful, a further decline could trigger a future impairment charge. Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets The following table presents the carrying value of indefinite lived intangible assets: 

The Company s indefinite lived intangible impairment review is completed in the fourth quarter of each year. Fair value for indefinite lived intangible assets was estimated based on a relief from royalty or excess earnings discounted cash flow method, which contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change, and therefore could impact fair values in the future. The key assumptions used in determining fair value are sales growth, profitability margins, tax rates, discount rates and royalty rates. The Company determined that the fair value of all indefinite lived intangible assets for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022 exceeded their respective carrying values based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability. The Company determined that the carrying values of its indefinite lived trade names as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, were recoverable based upon the forecasted cash flows and profitability of the brands. In recent years the Company s global TROJAN business, specifically the condom category, has not grown and competition has increased. In addition, profitability was negatively impacted by inflation throughout 2022, resulting in higher input costs and discount rates, and supply shortages for packaging materials. As a result, the TROJAN business has experienced declining sales and profits resulting in a reduction in expected future cash flows which have eroded a portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the tradename. This indefinite-lived intangible asset may be susceptible to impairment and a continued decline in fair value could trigger a future impairment charge of the TROJAN tradename. The carrying value of the TROJAN tradename is and fair value exceeded carrying value by as of October 1, 2022. The key assumptions used in the projections from the Company s October 1, 2022 impairment analysis include discount rates of in the U.S. and internationally, revenue assumptions including management s estimates of the success of new product launches and improvement in the supply chain, and an average royalty rate of approximately . While management has implemented strategies to address the risk, including lowering production costs, investing in new product ideas, and developing new creative advertising, significant changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair value. The Company s global WATERPIK business has recently experienced a significant decline in customer demand for many of its products, primarily due to lower consumer spending for discretionary products from inflation and a growing number of water flosser consumers switching to more value-branded products. As a result, the WATERPIK business has experienced declining sales and profits resulting in a reduction in expected future cash flows which have eroded a substantial portion of the excess between the fair and carrying value of the tradename. This indefinite-lived intangible asset may be susceptible to impairment and a continued decline in fair value could trigger a future impairment charge of the WATERPIK tradename. The carrying value of the WATERPIK tradename is and fair value exceeded carrying value by as of October 1, 2022. The key assumptions used in the projections from the Company s October 1, 2022 impairment analysis include a discount rate of , revenue growth rates between 0 and 6 and EBITA margins between 18 and 21 . These assumptions are based on current market conditions, recent trends and management s expectation of the success of initiatives to lower costs (including tariffs) and to develop lower-cost water flosser alternatives as well as improvement in the supply chain. While management has implemented strategies to address the risk, significant changes in operating plans or adverse changes in the future could reduce the underlying cash flows used to estimate fair value. Goodwill 

TheraBreath acquired goodwill 

Tax related and other 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

TheraBreath adjustment 

() 

() 

Hero acquired goodwill 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

The result of the Company s annual goodwill impairment test, performed in the beginning of the second quarter of 2022, determined that the estimated fair value substantially exceeded the carrying values of all reporting units. The determination of fair value contains numerous variables that are subject to change as business conditions change and therefore could impact fair value in the future. 

70 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 

Liabilities 

Current lease liabilities 
 Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses 

Long-term lease liabilities 
 Deferred and Other Long-term Liabilities 

Total lease liabilities 

Other information 

Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) 

Weighted-average discount rate 

Twelve Months 

Twelve Months 

Twelve Months 

Ended 

Ended 

Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

December 31, 2020 

Statement of Income 

Lease cost (1) 

Twelve Months 

Twelve Months 

Ended 

Ended 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Other information 

Leased assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities (2) 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities 

(1) , and , respectively, is included in the amortization caption in the consolidated statement of cash flows. 

(2) recorded in the third quarter of 2022, and an amendment to its contract at one of its leased manufacturing facilities, which resulted in an increase to the Company s right of use assets and corresponding lease liabilities of approximately recorded in the second quarter of 2022. Leased assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities in 2021 primarily consisted of equipment lease additions, partially offset by lease modification terminations. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 and thereafter 

Total future minimum lease commitments 

Less: Imputed interest 

() 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Accrued marketing and promotion costs 

Accrued wages and related benefit costs 

Other accrued current liabilities 

Total 

72 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 

Various debt due to international banks 

Total short-term borrowings 

Long-term debt 

Senior notes due 

Senior notes due 

Less: Discount 

() 

Term loan due December 22, 2024 

Senior notes due 

Less: Discount 
 
 () 

() 

Senior notes due December 15, 2031 

Less: Discount 
 
 () 

() 

Senior notes due November 15, 2032 

Less: Discount 
 
 () 

Senior notes due 

Less: Discount 
 
 () 

() 

Senior notes due 

Less: Discount 
 
 () 

Debt issuance costs, net 
 
 () 

() 

Total long-term debt 

Less: Current maturities 

() 

Net long-term debt 

Commercial Paper Under the Company s commercial paper program, the Company may issue commercial paper notes up to an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any given time of . The maturities of the notes will vary but may not exceed days. The interest rates on the notes will vary based on market conditions and the ratings assigned to the notes by the rating agencies designated in the agreement at the time of issuance. Subject to market conditions, the Company intends to utilize the commercial paper program as its primary short-term borrowing facility. If, for any reason, the Company is unable to access the commercial paper market, the Company's revolving credit facility would be utilized to meet the Company s short-term liquidity needs. The Company had of commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2022 with a weighted-average interest rate of approximately and had of commercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2021 with a weighted-average interest rate of approximately . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately available through the revolving credit facility and commercial paper program. 2.45 Senior Notes due August 1, 2022 On July 25, 2017, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due August 1, 2022 (the August 2022 Notes to partially finance the Waterpik Acquisition and repay a portion of the Company s outstanding commercial paper borrowings. Interest on the August 2022 Notes was 1 and August 1. In July 2022, the Company repaid the full amount of the August 2022 Notes with a portion of the Senior notes issued on June 2, 2022 and cash on hand . 2.875 Senior Notes due October 1, 2022 On September 26, 2012, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2022 (the October 2022 Notes ). Interest on the October 2022 Notes was . On October 1, 2022, the Company repaid the full amount of the October 2022 Notes with a portion of the proceeds from the Senior notes issued on June 2, 2022 and cash on han d. December 22, 2024 Term Loan On December 22, 2021, the Company entered into a unsecured term loan facility (as amended on June 16, 2022, the Term Loan Facility with various banks. The loan under the Term Loan Facility (the Term Loan was fully drawn at closing. Unless prepaid, the Term Loan is due on . The interest rate is the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR plus a spread and an applicable margin based on the Company s credit rating, which can range from basis points to bps. The proceeds of the Loan were used to partially fund the TheraBreath Acquisition, with the remaining proceeds used for the repayment of commercial paper. In January 2023, the Company repaid of the Term Lo an with cash on hand and commercial paper borrowings. The Term Loan Facility also contains customary events of default, including failure to make certain payments under the Term Loan Facility when due, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations and warranties, default on other material indebtedness, events of bankruptcy, material adverse judgments, certain events relating to pension plans, the failure of any of the loan documents to remain in full force and effect and the occurrence of any change in control with respect to the Company. 3.15 Senior Notes due August 1, 2027 On July 25, 2017, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes ). The 2027 Notes bear interest at . Interest on the 2027 Notes is payable semi-annually, on each February 1 and August 1. The 2027 Notes will mature on unless earlier retired or redeemed. 2.3 Senior Notes due December 15, 2031 The Company financed the TheraBreath Acquisition with a portion of the proceeds from an underwritten public offering of aggregate principal amount Senior Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes ). The 2031 Notes bear interest at . Interest on the 2031 Notes is payable semi-annually, on each June 15 and December 15. The 2031 Notes will mature on , unless earlier retired or redeemed. 5.6 Senior Notes due November 15, 2032 On October 31, 2022, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2032 (the 2032 Notes ). The proceeds from the sale of the 2032 Notes were used to repay commercial paper borrowings incurred to finance the Company s acquisition of Hero Cosmetics, Inc. The 2032 Notes will mature on , unless earlier retired or redeemed. 3.95 Senior Notes due August 1, 2047 On July 25, 2017, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due August 1, 2047 (the 2047 Notes to partially finance the Waterpik Acquisition and repay a portion of the Company s outstanding commercial paper borrowings. The 2047 Notes bear interest at . Interest on the 2047 Notes is payable semi-annually, on each February 1 and August 1. The 2047 Notes will mature on August 1, 2047, unless earlier retired or redeemed. 5.0 Senior Notes due June 15, 2052 On June 2, 2022, the Company issued aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes due 2052 (the 2052 Notes ). In July 2022 a portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes were used to repay all of the Company's outstanding Senior Notes due August 1, 2022. The remaining proceeds were used to pay a portion of the Company's outstanding Senior Notes due October 1, 2022. The 2052 Notes will mature on , unless earlier retired. Revolving Credit Facility On June 16, 2022, the Company entered into a Credit Agreement providing for a revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). The Revolving Credit Facility matures on , unless extended. Prior to the maturity date, the Company may request a one-year extension of the facility (not to exceed a total of two years beyond the initial maturity date). We have the ability to increase our borrowing up to an additional , subject to lender commitments and certain conditions as described in the Credit Agreement. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement are available for general corporate purposes and are used to support our commercial paper program. The Revolving Credit Facility also contains customary events of default, including failure to make certain payments under the Term Loan Facility when due, breach of covenants, materially incorrect representations and warranties, default on other material indebtedness, events of bankruptcy, material adverse judgments, certain events relating to pension plans, the failure of any of the loan documents to remain in full force and effect and the occurrence of any change in control with respect to the Company. 

74 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 

Foreign 

Total 

State 

Foreign 

Deferred: 

U.S. federal 

() 

State 

() 

Foreign 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Total provision 

Deferred compensation 

Pension, postretirement and postemployment benefits 

Other (including reserves) 

Sec 174 R D Capitalization 

Tax credit carryforwards/other tax attributes 

International operating loss carryforwards 

Interest rate swaps 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowances 

() 

() 

Total deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Goodwill 

() 

() 

Trade names and other intangibles 

() 

() 

Property, plant and equipment 

() 

() 

Interest rate swaps 

() 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Long term net deferred tax asset 

Long term net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax liability 

() 

() 

Tax that would result from use of the federal statutory rate 

State and local income tax, net of federal effect 

Varying tax rates of foreign affiliates 

Valuation Allowances 

() 

() 

Stock Options Exercised 

() 

() 

() 

Reserve for Uncertain Tax Position 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

Recorded tax expense 

Effective tax rate 

At December 31, 2022, certain foreign subsidiaries of the Company had net operating loss carryforwards of approximately . The net operating loss carryforwards are not subject to expiration. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from these net operating loss carryforwards will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, the Company has provided a valuation allowance of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on the deferred tax asset relating to these net operating loss carryforwards. The Company also believes that it is more likely than not that the benefit from certain additional deferred tax assets of a foreign subsidiary will not be realized. In recognition of this risk, the Company maintains a valuation allowance of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, on these deferred tax assets. As of December 31, 2020 the Company maintained a valuation allowance of relating to certain foreign tax credit carryforwards. During 2021, the Company determined that it was able to utilize approximately in foreign tax credits in 2018, 2019, and 2020, resulting in a reduction in the valuation allowance, and a corresponding tax benefit. Accordingly, the Company filed amended returns with the IRS claiming refunds for 2018 and 2019, totaling , and utilized of foreign tax credits in 2020. During 2022, the Company determined that it was able to utilize the remaining foreign tax credit carryforwards in 2022 and future years. This resulted in a reduction of the remaining valuation allowance and a corresponding tax benefit of approximately . The Company does not have any undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries that are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the U.S. The Company has recorded liabilities in connection with uncertain tax positions, which, although supportable by the Company, may be challenged by tax authorities. 

Gross increases - tax positions in current period 

Gross increases - tax positions in prior period 

Gross decreases - tax positions in prior period 

() 

() 

Decreases due to settlements and payments 

() 

Lapse of statute of limitations 

() 

() 

Unrecognized tax benefits at December 31 

During 2020 the Company reached a settlement with the IRS for relating to the worthless stock deduction and released the related reserve, which resulted in a income tax benefit. Included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are , and , respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate. Also included in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are , and , respectively, of tax benefits that, if recognized, would result in adjustments to deferred taxes. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income tax as well as income tax in multiple state and international jurisdictions. The Company s U.S. federal income tax returns are closed for tax years through 2018. The Company is currently under audit by several state taxing authorities for the years 2016 through 2020. It is reasonably possible that a decrease of approximately in the unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next twelve months related to the settlement of these audits or the lapse of applicable statutes of limitations. The Company s policy for recording interest associated with income tax examinations is to record interest as a component of Income before Income Taxes. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recognized interest expense associated with uncertain tax positions of approximately , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company had accrued interest expense related to unrecognized tax benefits of , and , respectively. 

 corporate minimum tax and a excise tax on stock buybacks. While we are still evaluating the impact of the Act, we do not expect any material changes on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 years of the date of grant. However, upon a participant s termination of employment (other than termination for cause, death, disability or retirement), a participant will generally have 30 days (90 days for grants made after May 13, 2022) to exercise any vested stock options, subject to specified conditions. If, upon termination of a participant s employment (other than a termination for cause), a participant is at least years old, has at least of service, and the sum of the participant s age and years of service is at least 65, the participant may exercise any vested stock options granted between 2007 through 2017 within a period of from the date of termination or, if earlier, the date such stock options otherwise would have expired, subject to specified conditions. Starting with stock options granted in 2018, a terminated employee who meets the above conditions may exercise any stock options until the date such stock options otherwise would have expired, subject to specified conditions. Issuances of Common Stock to satisfy employee stock option exercises currently are made from treasury stock. 

Granted 

Exercised 
 
 () 

Cancelled 
 
 () 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

The table above represents the Company s estimate of stock options fully vested and expected to vest. Expected forfeitures are not material and, therefore, are not reflected in the table above. 

Stock Compensation Expense Related to Stock Option Awards 

Issued Stock Options 

Weighted Average Fair Value of Stock Options issued (per share) 

Fair Value of Stock Options Issued 

Expected life in years 

Expected volatility 

Dividend yield 

The fair value of stock options is based upon the Black Scholes option pricing model. The Company determined the stock options lives based on historical exercise behavior and their expected volatility and dividend yield based on the historical changes in stock price and dividend payments. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield of an applicable term Treasury instrument. As of December 31, 2022, there was a fair value of related to unamortized stock option compensation expense, which is expected to be recognized over the next . The Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow reflect an add back to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, for non-cash compensation expense, primarily stock option expense. In January 2021, the Company issued cash-settled stock units under the Omnibus Equity Plan to all employees at the level of vice president and below. These restricted stock units are scheduled to vest and be settled on the third anniversary of the date of grant, subject to continued employment through such date. In May 2018, the Company issued cash-settled stock units under the Omnibus Equity Plan to all employees at the level of vice president and below. These restricted stock units were scheduled to vest and be settled on the third anniversary of the date of grant. In December 2020, the Company accelerated the grant to vest in December 2020. As a result of the issued cash-settled stock units, the Company recorded stock compensation expense of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The liability was approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and there was liability as of December 31, 2020. In connection with the Hero Acquisition, shares of restricted stock were issued in October 2022. The restricted stock will be recognized as compensation expense as the stock is subject to vesting requirements for individuals who received the restricted stock and will continue to be employed by the Company. The vesting requirements are satisfied at various dates over a period from the date of the acquisition. The Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow reflect an add back to Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities of , for non-cash compensation expense related to the Hero restricted stock. Other Benefit Plans Deferred Compensation Plans The Company maintains a non-qualified deferred compensation plan under which certain members of management are eligible to defer a maximum of of their regular compensation (i.e., salary) and, in general, up to of their incentive bonus. The amounts deferred under this plan are credited with earnings or losses based upon changes in values of notional investments selected by the plan participant. The investment options available include notional investments in various stock, bond and money market funds as well as the Company s Common Stock. Each plan participant is fully vested in the amounts the participant defers. The plan permits the Company to make profit sharing contributions that cannot otherwise be contributed to the qualified savings and profit-sharing plan due to limitations established by the Internal Revenue Service. These contributions vest under the same vesting schedule applicable to the qualified plan. The liability to plan participants for contributions designated for notional investment in Common Stock is based on the quoted fair value of the Common Stock plus any dividends credited. The Company uses cash-settled hedging instruments to minimize the cost related to the volatility of Common Stock. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the amount of the Company s liability under the deferred compensation plan is included in Current and Deferred and Other Long-term Liabilities and was and , respectively and the funded balances recorded in Other Assets amounted to and , respectively. The amounts charged to earnings, including the effect of the hedges, totaled expense of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Non-employee members of the Company s Board are eligible to defer up to of their directors compensation into a similar plan; however, the only option for investment is Common Stock. Members of the Board are fully vested in their account balance. As of December 31, 2022, there were approximately shares of Common Stock from shares held as Treasury Stock in a rabbi trust to protect the interest of the directors deferred compensation plan participants in the event of a change of control. 

in shares of Common Stock (the 2017 Share Repurchase Program ). In December 2020, the Company entered into an accelerated share repurchase ASR contract with a commercial bank to purchase Common Stock. The Company paid to the bank, inclusive of fees, and received an initial delivery of shares equal to , or million shares. The Company used cash on hand and short-term borrowings to fund the initial purchase price. Upon the completion of the ASR, which ended in February 2021, the bank delivered an additional million shares to the Company. The final shares delivered to the Company were determined by the average price per share paid by the bank during the purchase period. All million shares were purchased under the Company s evergreen program. In August 2021, the Company executed an agreement to purchase up to of its Common Stock through October 31, 2021. The Company purchased million shares for approximately through October, inclusive of fees, all of which was purchased under the 2017 Share Repurchase Program. On October 28, 2021, the Board authorized a new share repurchase program, under which the Company may repurchase up to in shares of Common Stock (the 2021 Share Repurchase Program ). The 2021 Share Repurchase Program does not have an expiration and replaced the 2017 Share Repurchase Program. All remaining dollars authorized for repurchase under the 2017 Share Repurchase Plan have been cancelled. The 2021 Share Repurchase Program did not modify the Company s evergreen share repurchase program, authorized by the Board on January 29, 2014, under which the Company may repurchase, from time to time, Common Stock to reduce or eliminate dilution associated with issuances of Common Stock under its incentive plans. In December 2021, the Company executed open market purchases of million shares for , inclusive of fees, of which was purchased under the evergreen share repurchase program and was purchased under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. In December 2021, the Company also entered into an accelerated share repurchase contract with a commercial bank to purchase Common Stock. The Company paid to the bank, inclusive of fees, and received an initial delivery of shares equal to , or million shares. The Company used cash on hand and short-term borrowings to fund the initial purchase price. Upon the completion of the ASR, which ended in February 2022, the bank delivered an additional million shares to the Company. The final shares delivered to the Company were determined by the average price per share paid by the bank during the purchase period. All million shares were purchased under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program. 

 of share repurchase availability under the 2021 Share Repurchase Program as of December 31, 2022. 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income before reclassifications 

() 

() 

Amounts reclassified to consolidated statement of income (a) 

Tax benefit (expense) 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2020 
 
 () 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 
 () 

() 

Amounts reclassified to consolidated statement of income (a) 

() 

() 

Tax benefit (expense) 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 () 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021 
 
 () 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 
 
 () 

Amounts reclassified to consolidated statement of income (a) 

() 

() 

Tax benefit (expense) 

() 

() 

() 

Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 
 () 

Balance December 31, 2022 
 
 () 

() 

(a) 

tons of sodium-based raw materials at the prevailing market price. The Company is not engaged in any other material transactions with the partnership or the partner supplier. b. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had commitments of approximately . These commitments include the purchase of raw materials, packaging supplies and services from its vendors at market prices to enable the Company to respond quickly to changes in customer orders or requirements, as well as costs associated with licensing and promotion agreements. c. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had various guarantees and letters of credit totaling . d. In connection with the Company s acquisition of Agro BioSciences, Inc. on January 17, 2017, the Company was obligated to pay an additional amount of up to based on sales performance in . The initial fair value of this business acquisition liability was , which was established in the purchase price allocation. In December 2019, the liability was lowered to based on 2019 sales. The reduction was recorded in SG A in the SPD segment. In April 2020, a payment of was paid to settle the liability . In connection with the Passport Acquisition, the Company was obligated to pay an additional amount of up to based on sales performance through . The initial fair value of this business acquisition liability was , which was established in the purchase price allocation. During the second quarter of 2019, the Company recorded a reduction in fair value of the entire Passport business acquisition liability based on the revised valuation due to updated sales forecasts. The reduction was recorded in SG A in the SPD segment. The business acquisition liability was reassessed at each balance sheet date leading up to December 31, 2020 with no additional changes to the fair value. In connection with the Flawless Acquisition, the Company was obligated to pay an additional amount of up to based on sales performance through . The initial fair value of this business acquisition liability was . That amount was established in the purchase price allocation. During the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, the Company decreased the fair value of the business acquisition liability by and by , respectively, based on updated sales forecasts. As a result of these adjustments, the fair value of this business acquisition liability was as of December 31, 2021, which was the end of the earn-out period. The changes in fair value were recorded within the Consumer Domestic and Consumer International segments. In connection with the Zicam Acquisition, the Company deferred an additional cash payment of related to certain indemnifications provided by the seller. The additional amount is payable from the closing. In connection with the TheraBreath Acquisition, the Company deferred an additional cash payment of related to certain indemnity obligations provided by the seller. The additional amount, to the extent not used in satisfaction of such indemnity obligations, is payable in installments between two and from the closing. In connection with the Hero Acquisition, the Company deferred an additional cash payment of to satisfy certain indemnification obligations. The additional amount is payable from the closing. Legal proceedings e. In addition, in conjunction with the Company s acquisition and divestiture activities, the Company entered into select guarantees and indemnifications of performance with respect to the fulfillment of the Company s commitments under applicable purchase and sale agreements. The arrangements generally indemnify the buyer or seller for damages associated with breach of contract, inaccuracies in representations and warranties surviving the closing date and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments retained under the applicable contract. Representations and warranties that survive the closing date generally survive for periods up to five years or the expiration of the applicable statutes of limitations. Potential losses under the indemnifications are generally limited to a portion of the original transaction price, or to other lesser specific dollar amounts for select provisions. With respect to sale transactions, the Company also routinely enters into non-competition agreements for varying periods of time. Guarantees and indemnifications with respect to acquisition and divestiture activities, if triggered, could have a materially adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

81 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 (In millions, except share and per share data) 
 
 ownership interest: 

Armand 

ArmaKleen 

Year Ended December 31, 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Purchases by Company 

Sales by Company 

Outstanding Accounts Receivable 

Outstanding Accounts Payable 

Administration Management Oversight Services (1) 

(1) 

reportable segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International and Specialty Products Division. These segments are determined based on differences in the nature of products and organizational and ownership structures. The Company also has a Corporate segment. Segment revenues are derived from the sale of the following products: 

Segment 

Products 

Consumer Domestic 
 
 Household and personal care products 

Consumer International 
 
 Primarily personal care products 

SPD 
 
 Specialty chemical products 
 
 The Corporate segment income consists of equity in earnings of affiliates. As of December 31, 2022, the Company held ownership interests in each of Armand and ArmaKleen, respectively. The Company s equity in earnings of Armand and ArmaKleen, totaling , , and for the three years ending December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, are included in the Corporate segment. Certain subsidiaries that are included in the Consumer International segment manufacture and sell personal care products to the Consumer Domestic segment. These sales are eliminated from the Consumer International segment results set forth in the table below. 

2021 

2020 

Gross profit 

2022 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

Marketing Expenses 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

2022 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

Income from Operations 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Equity in Earnings of Affiliates 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Income Before Income Taxes 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Identifiable Assets 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Capital Expenditures 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Depreciation Amortization 

2022 

2021 

2020 

(1) 

 , , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. (B) Equity in earnings (loss) of affiliates from Armand and ArmaKleen for the year ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 Other than the differences noted in the footnote above, the accounting policies followed by each of the segments, including intersegment transactions, are substantially consistent with the accounting policies described in Note 1. Intersegment sales from Consumer International to Consumer Domestic, which are not reflected in the table above, were , and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Personal Care Products 

Total Consumer Domestic 

Total Consumer International 

Total SPD 

Total Consolidated Net Sales 

Household Products include laundry, deodorizing, and cleaning products. Personal Care Products include condoms, pregnancy kits, oral care products, skin care products, hair care products and gummy dietary supplements. Geographic Information Approximately , and of the net sales reported in the accompanying consolidated financial statements in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, were to customers in the U.S. Approximately , and of long-lived assets were located in the U.S. at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Other than the U.S., no one country accounts for more than of consolidated net sales and of total assets. Customers A group of four customers accounted for approximately of consolidated net sales in 2022. A group of three customers accounted for approximately of consolidated net sales in 2021 and in 2020, of which a single customer accounted for approximately , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

84 

I TEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 Not applicable. 

I TEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) at the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report are effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed under the Exchange Act are (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding the disclosure. 
 b) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

The Company s management s report on internal control over financial reporting is set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report and is incorporated by reference herein. The Company s independent registered public accounting firm has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting, which is set forth in Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 c) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

I TEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 

85 

P ART III 

I TEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information under the captions Election of Directors, Information about the Company s Executive Officers, Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Code of Conduct, and Corporate Governance and Other Board Matters Board of Directors Meetings and Committees Audit Committee, in the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

I TEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information under the captions Compensation Discussion and Analysis, 2022 Summary Compensation Table, 2022 Grants of Plan Based Awards, 2022 Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End, 2022 Option Exercises and Stock Vested, 2022 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation, Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control and Compensation Human Capital Committee Report in the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

I TEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information under the captions Equity Compensation Plan Information as of December 31, 2022 and Securities Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management in the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

I TEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 Information required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information under the caption Corporate Governance and other Board Matters Board of Directors Independence in the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 

I TEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 Information required by this item in relation to our principal accountant, Deloitte Touche LLP (PCAOB ID No. is incorporated by reference to the information under the caption Fees Paid to Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in the Company s definitive proxy statement, which will be filed with the Commission not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report. 
 
 86 

P ART IV 
 I TEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 (a) 1. Financial Statements and Schedule 
 The following Consolidated Financial Statements are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K: 

Consolidated Statements of Income for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 54 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 55 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 56 

Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 58 

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 

Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 
 92 

(a) 3. Exhibits 
 Unless otherwise noted, the file number for all the Company s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission referenced below is 1-10585. 

(3.1) 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2020. 

(3.2) 
 Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 30, 2021. 

(3.3) 
 By-laws of the Company, amended and restated as of December 23, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 23, 2022. 

(4.1) 
 Indenture, dated as of December 15, 2010, between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to the 2.875 Notes due 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 15, 2010. 

(4.2) 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2012, between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as trustee, relating to the 2.875 Notes due 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on September 26, 2012. 

(4.3) 
 Indenture, dated as of December 9, 2014, between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 9, 2014. 

(4.4) 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of July 25, 2017, between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the Notes, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 25, 2017. 

(4.5) 
 Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2021, between Church and Dwight Co., Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Notes, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2021. 

(4.6) 
 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of December 10, 2021, between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, relating to the Notes, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 10, 2021. 

(4.7) 
 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 2, 2022, between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on June 2, 2022. 

(4.8) 
 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of November 2, 2022, between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on November 2, 2022. 

(4.9) 
 Description of Registrant s Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 

87 

(10.1) 
 Credit Agreement dated June 16, 2022, among Church Dwight Co., Inc., the initial lenders named therein, Bank of America, N.A., as lead administrative agent, swing line lender, and L/C issuer, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as co-administrative agent and syndication agent, and Truist Bank, as syndication agent incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022. 

(10.2) 
 Term Credit Agreement dated December 22, 2021, by and among Church Dwight Co., Inc. the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent. 

(10.3) 
 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated June 16, 2022, among Church Dwight Co., Inc., the lenders named therein, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 21, 2022. 

(10.4) 
 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement, dated February 23, 2017, by and between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and Dealer, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

(10.5) 
 Form of Amended and Restated Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement, dated February 23, 2017, by and between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and Dealer, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 

(10.6) 
 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 17, 2017, among Church Dwight Co., Inc., PIK Holdings, Inc., the Representative and the stockholders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on July 17, 2017. 

(10.7) 
 Church Dwight Co., Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of June 1, 1997, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(f) to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 1997. 

(10.8) 
 Amendment to the Church Dwight Co., Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective January 1, 2007, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.1 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(10.9) 
 Amendment to the Church Dwight Co., Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, effective February 1, 2012, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4.2 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(10.10) 
 Church Dwight Co., Inc. Executive Deferred Compensation Plan II, amended and restated as of January 1, 2012, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(10.11) 
 Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors effective as of May 1, 2008, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 28, 2008. 

(10.12) 
 Amended and Restated Compensation Plan for Directors, effective January 1, 2015, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 

(10.13) 
 Amended and Restated Compensation Plan for Directors, dated November 1, 2017, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9.2 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 

(10.14) 
 Amended and Restated Compensation Plan for Directors, dated February 1, 2023. 

(10.15) 
 The Church Dwight Co., Inc. Stock Award Plan as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29, 2007. 

(10.16) 
 The Stock Option Plan for Directors, effective as of January 1, 1991, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10(j) to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2005. 

(10.17) 
 C hurch Dwight Co., Inc., Amended and Restated Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A to the Company s proxy statement for its 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed on March 21, 2013. 

(10.18) 
 First Amendment to Church Dwight Co., Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2019. 

(10.19) 
 Form of Award Agreement for CEO and EVPs Under the Church Dwight Co., Inc., Amended and Restated Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31, 2019. 

88 

(10.20) 
 Form of Award Agreement for CEO and EVPs Under the Church Dwight Co., Inc., Amended and Restated Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13.1 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(10.21) 
 Form of Award Agreement for Employees Under the Church Dwight Co., Inc., Amended and Restated Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.2 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

(10.22) 
 Form of Award Agreement for Employees Under the Church Dwight Co., Inc., Amended and Restated Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14.1 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(10.23) 
 Form of Award Agreement for Directors Under the Church Dwight Co., Inc., Amended and Restated Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12.1 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 

(10.24) 
 Church Dwight Co., Inc. Amended and Restated Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company s proxy statement for its 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, filed on March 18, 2022. 

(10.25) 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on June 3, 2022. 

(10.26) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2023. 

(10.27) 
 Form of Performance Stock Unit Grant Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 6, 2023. 

(10.28) 
 Form of Non-Qualified Stock Option Grant Agreement, for Directors. 

(10.29) 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Agreement, for Directors. 

(10.30) 
 Church Dwight Co., Inc. Third Amended and Restated Annual Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2018. 

(10.31) 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 31, 2011, by and between the Company and Patrick de Maynadier, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011. 

(10.32) 
 Employment Agreement, dated August 23, 2006, by and between the Company and Matthew T. Farrell, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 29, 2006. 

(10.33) 
 Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement, entered into by and between the Company and Matthew T. Farrell, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2016. 

(10.34) 
 Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control and Severance Agreement entered into by and between the Company and each of the senior executive officers (other than Matthew T. Farrell), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed on February 2, 2016. 

(10.35) 
 Employment Agreement, dated September 4, 2021, by and between the Company and Barry Bruno incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

(10.36) 
 Lease Agreement (Build to Suit), dated July 20, 2011, between Church Dwight Co., Inc. and CD 95 L.L.C., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011. 

(21) 
 List of the Company s subsidiaries. 

(23) 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

(31.1) 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act. 

(31.2) 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act. 

89 

(32.1) 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

(32.2) 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer of the Company pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) under the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

(101.INS) 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

(101.SCH) 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

(101.CAL) 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

(101.DEF) 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

(101.LAB) 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

(101.PRE) 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

(104) 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

___________ 
 Indicates documents filed herewith. 

Constitutes management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on February 16, 2023. 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Matthew T. Farrell 

MATTHEW T. FARRELL 

PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

90 

/s/ Matthew T. Farrell 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Matthew T. Farrell 

/s/ Bradlen S. Cashaw 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Bradlen S. Cashaw 

/s/ James R. Craigie 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

James R. Craigie 

/s/ Bradley C. Irwin 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Bradley C. Irwin 

/s/ Penry W. Price 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Penry W. Price 

/s/ Susan G. Saideman 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Susan G. Saideman 

/s/ Ravichandra K. Saligram 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Ravichandra K. Saligram 

/s/ Robert K. Shearer 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Robert K. Shearer 

/s/ Janet S. Vergis 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Janet S. Vergis 

/s/ Arthur B. Winkleblack 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Arthur B. Winkleblack 

/s/ Laurie J. Yoler 
 
 Director 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Laurie J. Yoler 

/s/ Richard A. Dierker 
 
 Executive Vice President 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Richard A. Dierker 
 
 and Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

/s/ Joseph J. Longo 
 
 Vice President and Controller 
 
 February 16, 2023 

Joseph J. Longo 
 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 

91 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

Allowance for Cash Discounts 

2022 

() 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

Sales Returns and Allowances 

2022 

() 

() 

2021 

() 

2020 

() 

92 

<EX-10>
 2
 chd-ex10_2.htm
 EX-10.2

EX-10 

EXECUTION VERSION 

DEAL CUSIP: 171339BA1 TERM LOAN CUSIP: 171339BB9 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 Dated as of December 22, 2021 among 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC., 
 as Borrower, 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., 
 as Administrative Agent and Lender, 
 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 
 and 
 TRUIST BANK, 
 as Syndication Agents, 
 
 THE OTHER LENDERS PARTY HERETO 
 
 and 
 
 BOFA SECURITIES, INC., 
 as 
 Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner 

#95250329v15 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I. 
 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 

1 
 #95250329v15 

Page 

2 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 1.01	Defined Terms	1 
 Section 1.02	Other Interpretive Provisions	24 
 Section 1.03	Accounting Terms	24 
 Section 1.04	Rounding	25 
 Section 1.05	Divisions	25 
 Section 1.06	[Reserved]	25 
 Section 1.07	Interest Rates	25 
 Section 1.08	Times of Day	26 
 ARTICLE II. COMMITMENTS AND BORROWING 
 Section 2.01	Committed Loans	26 
 Section 2.02	Borrowing, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans	26 
 Section 2.03	[Reserved]	27 
 Section 2.04	[Reserved]	27 
 Section 2.05	Prepayments	28 
 Section 2.06	Termination or Reduction of Commitments	28 
 Section 2.07	Repayment of Loans	29 
 Section 2.08	Interest	29 
 Section 2.09	Fees	29 
 Section 2.10	Computation of Interest and Fees	29 
 Section 2.11	Evidence of Debt	30 
 Section 2.12	Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback	30 
 Section 2.13	Sharing of Payments by Lenders.	32 
 Section 2.14	[Reserved]	32 
 Section 2.15	[Reserved]	32 
 Section 2.16	[Reserved]	32 
 Section 2.17	[Reserved]	33 
 Section 2.18	Defaulting Lenders	33 
 ARTICLE III. 
 TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 Section 3.01	Taxes	34 
 Section 3.02	Illegality	39 
 Section 3.03	Inability to Determine Rates	40 
 Section 3.04	Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans	45 
 Section 3.05	Compensation for Losses	46 
 Section 3.06	Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders	47 
 Section 3.07	Survival	47 

3 
 #95250329v15 
 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING DATE AND FUNDING DATE 
 Section 4.01	Conditions to Closing Date	48 
 Section 4.02	Conditions to Funding Date	49 
 ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 Section 5.01	Existence, Qualification and Power	50 
 Section 5.02	Authorization; No Contravention	50 
 Section 5.03	Governmental Authorization; Other Consents	50 
 Section 5.04	Binding Effect	50 
 Section 5.05	Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect	51 
 Section 5.06	Litigation	51 
 Section 5.07	No Default	51 
 Section 5.08	Ownership of Property; Liens	51 
 Section 5.09	Environmental Compliance	51 
 Section 5.10	Insurance	52 
 Section 5.11	Taxes	52 
 Section 5.12	ERISA Compliance	52 
 Section 5.13	Subsidiaries; Equity Interests	53 
 Section 5.14	Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act	54 
 Section 5.15	Disclosure	54 
 Section 5.16	Compliance with Laws	54 
 Section 5.17	[Reserved]	54 
 Section 5.18	Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc	54 
 Section 5.19	OFAC	54 
 Section 5.20	AML Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws	55 
 Section 5.21	EEA Financial Institutions	55 
 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 6.01	Financial Statements	55 
 Section 6.02	Certificates; Other Information	56 
 Section 6.03	Notices	57 
 Section 6.04	Payment of Taxes	58 
 Section 6.05	Preservation of Existence, Etc.	58 
 Section 6.06	Maintenance of Properties	58 
 Section 6.07	Maintenance of Insurance	59 
 Section 6.08	Compliance with Laws	59 
 Section 6.09	Books and Records	59 
 Section 6.10	Inspection Rights	59 
 Section 6.11	Use of Proceeds	59 

4 
 #95250329v15 
 
 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 Section 7.01	Liens	60 
 Section 7.02	Investments	61 
 Section 7.03	Subsidiary Indebtedness	62 
 Section 7.04	Fundamental Changes	63 
 Section 7.05	Dispositions	63 
 Section 7.06	[Reserved]	64 
 Section 7.07	Change in Nature of Business	64 
 Section 7.08	Transactions with Affiliates	64 
 Section 7.09	Burdensome Agreements	64 
 Section 7.10	Use of Proceeds	65 
 Section 7.11	Financial Covenant	65 
 Section 7.12	Sanctions	65 
 Section 7.13	AML Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws	65 
 ARTICLE VIII. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 Section 8.01	Events of Default.	65 
 Section 8.02	Remedies Upon Event of Default	67 
 Section 8.03	Application of Funds	68 
 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 Section 9.01	Appointment and Authority	68 
 Section 9.02	Rights as a Lender	69 
 Section 9.03	Exculpatory Provisions	69 
 Section 9.04	Reliance by Administrative Agent	70 
 Section 9.05	Delegation of Duties	70 
 Section 9.06	Resignation of Administrative Agent.	70 
 Section 9.07	Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders	71 
 Section 9.08	No Other Duties, Etc	71 
 Section 9.09	Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim	72 
 Section 9.10	Collateral Matters	72 
 Section 9.11	Certain ERISA Matters	73 
 Section 9.12	Recovery of Erroneous Payments	74 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 Section 10.01	Amendments, Etc	74 
 Section 10.02	Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication	76 
 Section 10.03	No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement	78 
 Section 10.04	Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver	78 
 Section 10.05	Payments Set Aside	81 
 
 5 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 10.06	Successors and Assigns	81 

6 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 10.07	Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality	85 
 Section 10.08	Right of Setoff	86 
 Section 10.09	Interest Rate Limitation.	86 
 Section 10.10	Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness	87 
 Section 10.11	Survival of Representations and Warranties	87 
 Section 10.12	Severability	87 
 Section 10.13	Replacement of Lenders	87 
 Section 10.14	Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc	88 
 Section 10.15	Waiver of Jury Trial	89 
 Section 10.16	No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility	89 
 Section 10.17	Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents	90 
 Section 10.18	USA PATRIOT Act Notice	91 
 Section 10.19	[Reserved]	91 
 Section 10.20	Judgment Currency	91 
 Section 10.21	Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions	92 
 Section 10.22	Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs	92 

7 
 #95250329v15 
 
 SCHEDULES 
 
 2.01	 Commitments and Applicable Percentages 5.12(c)	ERISA Events 
 5.12(d)	Pension Plans 
 5.13	Subsidiaries; Other Equity Investments 
 7.01	Existing Liens 
 7.02 Existing Investments 

7.03 Existing Indebtedness 

7.05(k)	Dispositions 
 10.02	Administrative Agent s Office; Certain Addresses for Notices 
 
 EXHIBITS 
 
 Form of 
 A Committed Loan Notice 

B [Reserved] 

C Note 

D Compliance Certificate 

E-1 Assignment and Assumption 

E-2 Administrative Questionnaire 

#95250329v15 

v 

#95250329v15 
 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 
 This CREDIT AGREEMENT Agreement is entered into as of December 22, 2021, among CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. , a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), each lender from time to time party hereto (collectively, the Lenders and each individually, a Lender ), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent and Lender, and WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION and TRUIST BANK , as Syndication Agents. 
 
 The Borrower has requested that the Lenders provide a term loan credit facility, and the Lenders are willing to do so on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained, the parties hereto covenant and agree as follows: 
 
 ARTICLE I. 
 DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS 
 
 Section 1.01 Defined Terms . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings set forth below: 
 
 Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18 . 
 
 Acquisition means the acquisition by the Borrower pursuant to that certain Securities Purchase Agreement dated as of November 24, 2021, by and among the Borrower, as buyer, TYHKO LLC and the Living Trust (as defined therein) as Sellers and certain other parties thereto. 
 
 Administrative Agent means Bank of America in its capacity as administrative agent under any of the Loan Documents, or any successor administrative agent appointed in accordance with Section 9.06 . 
 
 Administrative Agent s Office means the Administrative Agent s address and, as appropriate, account as set forth on Schedule 10.02 , or such other address or account as the Administrative Agent may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Lenders. 
 
 Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in substantially the form of Exhibit E-2 or any other form approved by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the Person specified. 
 Agent Parties has the meaning specified in Section 10.02(c) . 
 
 1 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Aggregate Commitments means the Commitments of all the Lenders. 

2 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement. 
 
 AML Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or the Borrower s Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to anti-money laundering. 
 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means all laws, rules, and regulations of any jurisdiction applicable to the Borrower or the Borrower s Subsidiaries from time to time concerning or relating to bribery or corruption. 
 
 Applicable Percentage means with respect to any Lender (a) prior to the Funding Date, 
 (i) the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Aggregate Commitments represented by such Lender s Commitment at such time, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.18 ; provided that if the Commitments of all Lenders to make Loans have been terminated pursuant to Section 2.06 or Section 8.02 , then the Applicable Percentage of each Lender shall be determined based on such Lender s Applicable Percentage most recently in effect (after giving effect to any subsequent assignments), and (b) on or after the Funding Date (after giving effect to the Borrowing on such date), the percentage (carried out to the ninth decimal place) of the Outstanding Amount represented by such Lender s Committed Loans then outstanding, subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.18 . The initial Applicable Percentage of each Lender is set forth opposite the name of such Lender on Schedule 2.01 or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable. 
 
 Applicable Rate means, from time to time, the following percentages per annum, based upon the Credit Rating as set forth below : 
 
 Applicable Rate 

Pricing Level 
 Credit Rating Moody s/S P 
 Eurodollar Rate 
 Base Rate 

1 
 > A/A2 
 0.600 
 0 

2 
 A-/A3 
 0.700 
 0 

3 
 BBB+ /Baa1 
 0.800 
 0 

4 
 BBB /Baa2 
 1.000 
 0 

5 
 BBB- /Baa3 
 1.25 
 0.25 

Initially, the Applicable Rate with respect to each of the Eurodollar Rate and the Base Rate shall be determined based upon the Credit Rating as of the Funding Date. Thereafter, each change in the Applicable Rate resulting from a publicly announced change in the Credit Rating shall be effective, in the case of an upgrade, during the period commencing on the date of delivery by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent of notice thereof pursuant to Section 6.03(e) and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change and, in the case of a downgrade, during the period commencing on the date of the public announcement thereof and ending on the date immediately preceding the effective date of the next such change. 

3 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Approved Fund means any Fund that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. 
 
 Arranger means BofA Securities, Inc., in its capacity as sole lead arranger and sole bookrunner. 
 
 Assignee Group means two or more Eligible Assignees that are (a) Affiliates of one another, (b) Approved Funds managed by the same investment advisor or (c) any combination of the foregoing. 
 
 Assignment and Assumption means an assignment and assumption entered into by a Lender and an assignee (with the consent of any party whose consent is required by Section 10.06(b) ), and accepted by the Administrative Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit E-1 or any other form (including electronic documentation generated by use of an electronic platform) reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Attributable Indebtedness means, on any date, (a) in respect of any Capital Lease of any Person, the capitalized amount thereof that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP, and (b) in respect of any Synthetic Lease Obligation, the capitalized amount of the remaining lease payments under the relevant lease that would appear on a balance sheet of such Person prepared as of such date in accordance with GAAP if such lease were accounted for as a Capital Lease. 
 
 Audited Financial Statements means the audited consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, shareholders equity and cash flows for such fiscal year of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, including the notes thereto. 
 
 Availability Period means the period from and including the Closing Date to the earliest of (a) the date that is 45 days after the Closing Date, (b) 11:59 p.m., New York City time on January 7, 2022, (c) the Funding Date (after giving effect to the Borrowing on such date), (d) the date of termination of the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to Section 2.06 and (e) the date of termination of the Commitments of all Lenders pursuant to Section 8.02 . 
 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, rule, regulation or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 
 4 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

5 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Bank of America means Bank of America, N.A. and its successors. 
 
 Base Rate means for any day a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the highest of (a) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1/2 of 1 , (b) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the Administrative Agent as its prime rate and (c) the Eurodollar Rate plus 1.00 ; provided that if the Base Rate determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement. The prime rate , as determined by Bank of America, is a rate set by Bank of America based upon various factors including Bank of America s costs and desired return, general economic conditions and other factors, and is used as a reference point for pricing some loans, which may be priced at, above, or below such announced rate. Any change in such prime rate announced by Bank of America shall take effect at the opening of business on the day specified in the public announcement of such change. If the Base Rate is being used as an alternate rate of interest pursuant to Section 3.03 hereof, then the Base Rate shall be the greater of clauses (a) and (b) above and shall be determined without reference to clause (c) above. 
 
 Base Rate Committed Loan means a Committed Loan that is a Base Rate Loan. Base Rate Loan means a Loan that bears interest based on the Base Rate. 
 Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 
 Borrower has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. Borrower Materials has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . Borrowing means the borrowing of Committed Loans on the Funding Date. 
 Business Day means any day other than a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks are authorized to close under the Laws of, or are in fact closed in, the state where the Administrative Agent s Office is located and any fundings, disbursements, settlements and payments of any Eurodollar Rate Loan, or any other dealings in Dollars to be carried out pursuant to this Agreement in respect of any Eurodollar Rate Loan, means any day on which dealings in deposits in Dollars are conducted by and between banks in the London interbank eurodollar market. 
 
 Capital Lease means any lease of property, real, personal or mixed, the obligations of the lessee in respect of which are required in accordance with GAAP to be classified and accounted for as a capital lease or a financing lease on a balance sheet of the lessee; provided that all leases of any Person that are or would be characterized as operating leases in accordance with GAAP without giving effect to any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the implementation of FASB ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) (or any similar change in GAAP 
 
 6 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 that would require such leases to be recharacterized as Capital Leases), whether or not such operating leases were in effect prior to any such implementation, shall be accounted for as operating leases (and not Capital Leases) for purposes of this Agreement, 

7 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 regardless of any such implementation prior to, on or after the Closing Date. 
 Capital Lease Lien Requirements has the meaning specified in Section 7.01(j) . Change in Law means the occurrence, after the date of this Agreement, of any of the 
 following: (a) the adoption or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority; provided that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 
 Change of Control means an event or series of events by which: 
 
 (a) any person or group (as such terms are used in Sections 13(d) and 14(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, but excluding any employee benefit plan of such person or its subsidiaries, and any person or entity acting in its capacity as trustee, agent or other fiduciary or administrator of any such plan) becomes the beneficial owner (as defined in Rules 13d-3 and 13d-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), directly or indirectly, of 35 or more of the equity securities of the Borrower entitled to vote for members of the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the Borrower on a fully-diluted basis (and taking into account all such securities that such person or group has the immediately exercisable right to acquire pursuant to any option right); or 

(b) during any period of 12 consecutive months, a majority of the members of the board of directors or other equivalent governing body of the Borrower cease to be composed of individuals (i) who were members of that board or equivalent governing body on the first day of such period, (ii) whose election or nomination to that board or equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clause (i) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body or (iii) whose election or nomination to that board or other equivalent governing body was approved by individuals referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) above constituting at the time of such election or nomination at least a majority of that board or equivalent governing body. 

Closing Date means the Business Day on which each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.01 have been satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 ). 
 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. 
 
 Commitment means, as to each Lender, its obligation to make Committed Loans to the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.01 on the Funding Date, in an aggregate principal amount not to 
 
 8 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 exceed the Dollar amount set forth opposite such Lender s name on Schedule 2.01 or in the 

9 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender becomes a party hereto, as applicable, as such amount may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with this Agreement. 
 
 Committed Loan has the meaning specified in Section 2.01 . 
 
 Committed Loan Notice means a notice of (a) the Borrowing, (b) a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or (c) a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, pursuant to Section 2.02(a) , which, if in writing, shall be substantially in the form of Exhibit A or such other form as may be approved by the Administrative Agent (including any form on an electronic platform or electronic transmission system as shall be approved by the Administrative Agent), appropriately completed and signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. 
 
 Communication means this Agreement, any Loan Document and any document, any amendment, approval, consent, information, notice, certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to any Loan Document. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit D . Consolidated EBITDA means, for any Measurement Period, for the Borrower and its 
 Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, an amount equal to Consolidated Net Income for such period plus (a) the following to the extent deducted in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: 
 (i) Consolidated Interest Charges, (ii) the provision for Federal, state, local and foreign income taxes payable by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, (iii) depreciation and amortization expense, 
 (iv) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring cash charges, expenses or losses of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries; provided , that the amounts added back pursuant to this clause (iv) shall not exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate for any Measurement Period, (v) net cash distributions received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries attributable to an Equity Interest in any Joint Venture of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (vi) non-cash charges, expenses or losses (including, whether or not otherwise includable as a separate item in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, non-cash losses on sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business) and (vii) transaction costs and expenses incurred in connection with the consummation of any transaction permitted under this Agreement, minus (b) the following to the extent included in calculating such Consolidated Net Income: (i) Federal and state income tax credits of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries for such period, (ii) local and foreign income tax credits of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in excess of 5,000,000 in the aggregate for such Measurement Period, (iii) all non-cash items increasing Consolidated Net Income for such period and (iv) any extraordinary, unusual or non-recurring cash income or gains of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (including, whether or not otherwise includable as a separate item in the statement of such Consolidated Net Income for such period, gains on the sales of assets outside the ordinary course of business); provided , that the amounts deducted pursuant to this clause (iv) shall not exceed 50,000,000 in the aggregate for any Measurement Period. 
 
 Any calculation of Consolidated EBITDA for purposes of this Agreement shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 
 Consolidated Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the sum of (a) the outstanding principal 
 
 10 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

11 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 amount of all obligations, whether current or long-term, for borrowed money (including Obligations hereunder) and all obligations evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments, (b) all purchase money Indebtedness, (c) all reimbursement obligations arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments, (d) all obligations in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business), (e) Attributable Indebtedness in respect of Capital Leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations, (f) without duplication, all Guarantees with respect to outstanding Indebtedness of the types specified in clauses (a) through (e) above of Persons other than the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and (g) all Indebtedness of the types referred to in clauses 
 (a) through (f) above of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which the Borrower or a Subsidiary is a general partner or joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to the Borrower or such Subsidiary. 
 
 Any calculation of Consolidated Funded Indebtedness for purposes of this Agreement shall be made on a Pro Forma Basis. 
 
 Consolidated Interest Charges means, for any Measurement Period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis total cash interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Leases) for such period with respect to all Indebtedness (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptance financing). 
 
 Consolidated Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of 
 (a) Consolidated Funded Indebtedness as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Measurement Period ending on or most recently ended prior to such date. 

Consolidated Net Income means, for any Measurement Period, for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the net income of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (excluding extraordinary gains and extraordinary losses) for that period. 
 
 Contractual Obligation means, as to any Person, any provision of any debt security issued by such Person or of any agreement, instrument or other undertaking to which such Person is a party or by which it or any of its property is bound. 
 
 Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. 
 
 Credit Rating means, as of any date of determination, the Borrower s public corporate credit rating issued by S P or public corporate family credit rating issued by Moody s; provided that (a) if the respective Credit Ratings issued by foregoing rating agencies differ by one level, then the Pricing Level for the higher of such Credit Ratings shall apply (with the Credit Rating for Pricing Level 1 being the highest and the Credit Rating for Pricing Level 5 being the lowest); 
 
 12 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (b) if there is a split in Credit Ratings of more than one level, then the Pricing Level that is one 

13 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 level lower than the Pricing Level of the higher Credit Rating shall apply; (c) if the Borrower has only one Credit Rating, the Pricing Level for such Credit Rating shall apply; and (d) if the Borrower does not have any Credit Rating, Pricing Level 5 shall apply. 
 
 Debtor Relief Laws means the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect and affecting the rights of creditors generally. 
 
 Default means any event or condition that constitutes an Event of Default or that, with the giving of any notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 
 Default Rate means an interest rate equal to (i) the Base Rate plus (ii) the Applicable Rate, if any, applicable to Base Rate Loans plus (iii) 2 per annum; provided , however , that with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Default Rate shall be an interest rate equal to the interest rate (including any Applicable Rate) otherwise applicable to such Loan plus 2 per annum. 
 
 Defaulting Lender means, subject to Section 2.18(b) , any Lender that (a) has failed to 
 (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two (2) Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or 

(ii) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within two (2) Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower), (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (e) has become the subject of a Bail-In Action; provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any Equity Interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or 

14 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.18(b) under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above, and of the effective date of such status, shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender as of the date established therefor by the Administrative Agent in a written notice of such determination, which shall be delivered by the Administrative Agent to the Borrower, and each other Lender promptly following such determination. 
 
 Designated Jurisdiction means any country or territory to the extent that such country or territory itself is the subject of any Sanction. 
 
 Disclosed Matters means any information disclosed in the Annual Report on Form 10- K of the Borrower for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 other than any predictive, cautionary or forward looking disclosures contained under the captions risk factors, forward looking statements or any similar precautionary sections and any other disclosures contained therein that are predictive, cautionary or forward looking in nature. 
 
 Disposition or Dispose means the sale, transfer, license, lease or other disposition (including any sale and leaseback transaction) of any property by any Person, including any sale, assignment, transfer or other disposal, with or without recourse, of any notes or accounts receivable or any rights and claims associated therewith. 
 
 Dollar and mean lawful money of the United States. 
 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country that is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country that is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any institution established in an EEA Member Country that is a subsidiary of an institution described in clause (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
 
 EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Eligible Assignee means any Person that meets the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.06(b)(iii) and (v) , subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.06(b)(iii) . 

15 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Environmental Laws means any and all applicable Federal, state, local, and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders, decrees, permits, concessions, 

16 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 grants, franchises, licenses, agreements or governmental restrictions relating to pollution and the protection of the environment or the release of any materials into the environment, including those related to hazardous substances or wastes, air emissions and discharges to waste or public systems. 
 
 Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the release or threatened release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to any Person, all of the shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the warrants, options or other rights for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person, all of the securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of (or other ownership or profit interests in) such Person or warrants, rights or options for the purchase or acquisition from such Person of such shares (or such other interests), and all of the other ownership or profit interests in such Person (including partnership, member or trust interests therein), whether voting or nonvoting, and whether or not such shares, warrants, options, rights or other interests are outstanding on any date of determination. 
 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) under common control with the Borrower within the meaning of Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (and Sections 414(m) and (o) of the Code for purposes of provisions relating to Section 412 of the Code). 
 
 ERISA Event means (a) a Reportable Event with respect to a Pension Plan; (b) the withdrawal of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan subject to Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which such entity was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA or a cessation of operations that is treated as such a withdrawal under Section 4062(e) of ERISA; (c) a complete or partial withdrawal by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan resulting in liability therefor to the Borrower or such ERISA Affiliate or the receipt by the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate of notification that a Multiemployer Plan is in reorganization pursuant to Section 4241 of ERISA; (d) the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination under Section 4041 or 4041A of ERISA; (e) the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate a Pension Plan; (f) any event or condition which constitutes grounds under Section 4042 of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan; (g) the determination that any Pension Plan is considered an at-risk plan or a plan in endangered or critical status within the meaning of Sections 430, 431 and 432 of the Code or Sections 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA; (h) the imposition of any liability under Title 

17 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 IV of ERISA, other than for PBGC premiums due but not delinquent under Section 4007 of ERISA, upon the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate; or (i) the receipt by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of notice from any Multiemployer Plan that it is in reorganization or insolvency or that it intends to terminate or has terminated. 
 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Eurodollar Rate means: (a) for any Interest Period with respect to a Eurodollar Rate Loan, subject to the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 3.03(b) , the rate per annum equal to the London Interbank Offered Rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate) for U.S. Dollars for a period equal in length to such Interest Period LIBOR or a comparable or successor rate which rate is approved by the Administrative Agent, as published on the applicable Bloomberg screen page (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time) at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period, for U.S. Dollar deposits (for delivery on the first day of such Interest Period) with a term equivalent to such Interest Period, provided that if the Eurodollar Rate determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed zero for purposes of this Agreement; and 
 
 (b) subject to the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 3.03(b) , for any rate calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any date, the rate per annum equal to LIBOR, at or about 11:00 a.m., London time determined two (2) Business Days prior to such date for U.S. Dollar deposits with a term of one (1) month commencing that day; 
 
 provided that to the extent a comparable or successor rate is approved by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower in connection with any rate set forth in this definition, the approved rate shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided , further that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such approved rate shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower. 
 
 Eurodollar Rate Loan means a Committed Loan that bears interest at a rate based on clause (a) of the definition of Eurodollar Rate . 
 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified in Section 8.01 . 
 
 Exchange Act means, at any time, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) any Joint Venture, (b) any Receivables Subsidiary of the Borrower and (c) any Subsidiary of the Borrower with assets consisting solely of Equity Interests of a Joint Venture. 

18 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Excluded Taxes means, with respect to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower hereunder, (a) taxes imposed on or measured by its overall net income (however denominated), and franchise taxes imposed on it (in lieu of net income taxes), by the jurisdiction (or any political subdivision thereof) under the Laws of which such recipient is organized or in which its principal office is located or, in the case of any such recipient, in which its applicable Lending Office is located, (b) any branch profits taxes imposed by the United States or any similar tax imposed by any other jurisdiction in which the Borrower is located, (c) any backup withholding tax that is required by the Code to be withheld from amounts payable to a recipient that has failed to comply with clause (A) of Section 3.01(e)(ii) , (d) in the case of a foreign recipient, any withholding taxes imposed on amounts payable to such foreign recipient as a result of its failure to comply with the requirements of FATCA to establish a complete exemption from withholding, and (e) in the case of a Foreign Lender (other than an assignee pursuant to a request by the Borrower under Section 10.13 any United States withholding tax that (i) is required to be imposed on amounts payable to such Foreign Lender pursuant to the Laws in force at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party hereto (or designates a new Lending Office) or (ii) is attributable to such Foreign Lender s failure or inability (other than as a result of a Change in Law) to comply with clause (B) of Section 3.01(e)(ii), except to the extent that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was entitled, at the time of designation of a new Lending Office (or assignment), to receive additional amounts from the Borrower with respect to such withholding tax pursuant to Section 3.01(a)(i) or (ii) . 
 
 FASB ASC means the Accounting Standards Codification of the Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code and any applicable intergovernmental agreements with respect thereto and laws enacting such intergovernmental agreements. 
 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any day, the rate per annum equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on the Business Day next succeeding such day; provided that (a) if such day is not a Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be such rate on such transactions on the immediately preceding Business Day as so published on the next succeeding Business Day, and (b) if no such rate is so published on such next succeeding Business Day, the Federal Funds Rate for such day shall be the average rate (rounded upward, if necessary, to a whole multiple of 1/100 of 1 charged to Bank of America on such day on such transactions as determined by the Administrative Agent. If negative, the Federal Funds Rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 for all purposes of this Agreement. 
 
 Fee Letters means, collectively, (i) that certain letter agreement among the Borrower, Bank of America and BofA Securities, Inc., dated as of November 30, 2021 and (ii) any other fee letter agreement entered into by the Borrower in connection with this Agreement. 

19 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Financial Covenant Step-Up Requirement means the Borrower shall have maintained a Consolidated Leverage Ratio equal to or less than 3.75:1.00 during each of the immediately preceding four consecutive fiscal quarters. 
 
 Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement has the meaning specified in Section 5.12(e) . 
 
 Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. For purposes of this definition, the United States, each State thereof and the District of Columbia shall be deemed to constitute a single jurisdiction. 
 
 Foreign Plan has the meaning specified in Section 5.12(e) . 
 
 FRB means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States. 
 
 Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is (or will be) engaged in making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its activities. 
 
 Funding Date means the Business Day during the Availability Period (a) on which each of the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 have been satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 and (b) which date has been set forth by the Borrower in a Committed Loan Notice requesting the Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.02 . 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States set forth in the opinions and pronouncements of the Accounting Principles Board and the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and statements and pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board or such other principles as may be approved by a significant segment of the accounting profession in the United States, that are applicable to the circumstances as of the date of determination, consistently applied. 
 
 Governmental Authority means the government of the United States or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 
 Group Member means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is not an Immaterial Subsidiary or an Excluded Subsidiary. 
 
 Guarantee means, as to any Person, (a) any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of such Person guaranteeing, or having the economic effect set forth in clauses (i) through (iv) below, any Indebtedness or other obligation payable or performable by another Person (the primary obligor 
 
 20 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of such Person, direct or indirect, (i) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or 

21 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation, (ii) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance of such Indebtedness or other obligation, (iii) to maintain working capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity or level of income or cash flow of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation, or (iv) entered into for the purpose of assuring in any other manner the obligee in respect of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment or performance thereof or to protect such obligee against loss in respect thereof (in whole or in part), or (b) any Lien on any assets of such Person securing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person, whether or not such Indebtedness or other obligation is assumed by such Person (or any right, contingent or otherwise, of any holder of such Indebtedness to obtain any such Lien); provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements of instruments for deposit or collection in the ordinary course of business or other ordinary course indemnities entered into in connection with Dispositions permitted hereunder. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the stated or determinable amount of the related primary obligation, or portion thereof, in respect of which such Guarantee is made or, if not stated or determinable, the maximum reasonably anticipated liability in respect thereof as determined by the guaranteeing Person in good faith. The term Guarantee as a verb has a corresponding meaning. 
 
 Hazardous Materials means all explosive or radioactive substances or wastes and all hazardous or toxic substances, wastes or other pollutants, including petroleum or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos-containing materials, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon gas, infectious or medical wastes and all other substances or wastes of any nature regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law. 
 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means any direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower to which each of the following is satisfied: (a) for the most recent fiscal period for which financial statements of the Borrower have been delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.01 (or, prior to any such delivery, referred to in Section 5.05 ), (i) such Subsidiary had revenues not in excess of 3 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, 
 (ii) the book value of such Subsidiary s assets do not exceed of 3 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries (in the case of clauses (i) and (ii) , as shown on the consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for such fiscal period); and (b) the Borrower has designated such Subsidiary as an Immaterial Subsidiary and the Borrower has provided written notice to the Administrative Agent in reasonable detail of such designation with respect to the limitations set forth in clauses (a)(i) and (ii) above within five (5) Business Days after designation thereof; provided , that the Immaterial Subsidiaries, collectively, shall not have at any time (x) aggregate revenues in excess of 5 of the consolidated revenues of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or (y) aggregate assets whose book value exceeds 5 of the consolidated assets of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and if, upon delivery of financial statements of the Borrower in accordance with Section 6.01 , either such threshold is exceeded, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent within five (5) Business Days of each Subsidiary of the Borrower that shall no longer be an Immaterial Subsidiary. 
 
 Impacted Loans has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(a) . 

22 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Indebtedness means, as to any Person at a particular time, without duplication, all of the following, whether or not included as indebtedness or liabilities in accordance with GAAP: 
 
 (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money and all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, loan agreements or other similar instruments; 

(b) all direct or contingent obligations of such Person arising under letters of credit (including standby and commercial), bankers acceptances, bank guaranties, surety bonds and similar instruments; 

(c) net obligations of such Person under any Swap Contract; 

(d) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (other than trade accounts payable in the ordinary course of business); 

(e) indebtedness (excluding prepaid interest thereon) secured by a Lien on property owned or being purchased by such Person (including indebtedness arising under conditional sales or other title retention agreements), whether or not such indebtedness shall have been assumed by such Person or is limited in recourse; 

(f) Capital Leases and Synthetic Lease Obligations; 

(g) all obligations of such Person to purchase, redeem, retire, defease or otherwise make any payment in respect of any Equity Interest in such Person or any other Person, valued, in the case of a redeemable preferred interest, at the greater of its voluntary or involuntary liquidation preference plus accrued and unpaid dividends, except for agreements with directors, officers and employees to acquire such Equity Interest upon the death or termination of employment of such director, officer or employee; 

(h) all Guarantees of such Person in respect of any of the foregoing; and 

(i) to the extent not otherwise included, indebtedness or similar obligations pursuant to any receivables or other securitization. 

For all purposes hereof, the Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any partnership or joint venture (other than a joint venture that is itself a corporation or limited liability company) in which such Person is a general partner or a joint venturer, unless such Indebtedness is expressly made non-recourse to such Person. The amount of any net obligation under any Swap Contract on any date shall be deemed to be the Swap Termination Value thereof as of such date. The amount of any Capital Lease or Synthetic Lease Obligation as of any date shall be deemed to be the amount of Attributable Indebtedness in respect thereof as of such date. 
 
 Indemnified Taxes means Taxes (including Other Taxes) other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 23 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

24 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Indemnitees has the meaning specified in Section 10.04(b) . Information has the meaning specified in Section 10.07 . 
 Interest Payment Date means, (a) as to any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan, the last day of each Interest Period applicable to such Loan and the Maturity Date; provided , however , that if any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Rate Loan exceeds three (3) months, the respective dates that fall every three (3) months after the beginning of such Interest Period shall also be Interest Payment Dates; and (b) as to any Base Rate Loan, the last Business Day of each March, June, September and December and the Maturity Date. 
 
 Interest Period means, as to each Eurodollar Rate Loan, the period commencing on the date such Eurodollar Rate Loan is disbursed or converted to or continued as a Eurodollar Rate Loan and ending on the date one, three or six months thereafter, as selected by the Borrower in its Committed Loan Notice; provided that: 
 
 (i) any Interest Period that would otherwise end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the immediately preceding Business Day; 

(ii) any Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period; and 

(iii) no Interest Period shall extend beyond the Maturity Date. 

Investment means, as to any Person, any direct or indirect acquisition or investment by such Person, whether by means of (a) the purchase or other acquisition of capital stock or other securities of another Person, (b) a loan, advance or capital contribution to, Guarantee or assumption of debt of, or purchase or other acquisition of any other debt or equity participation or interest in, another Person, including any partnership or joint venture interest in such other Person and any arrangement pursuant to which the investor Guarantees Indebtedness of such other Person, or (c) the purchase or other acquisition (in one transaction or a series of transactions) of assets of another Person that constitute a business unit. For purposes of Section 7.02 , the amount of any Investment shall be the amount actually invested less the amount of any Returned Investment, but without adjustment for subsequent increases or decreases in the value of such Investment. 
 
 IP Rights has the meaning specified in Section 5.18 . IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. 
 Joint Venture means any Person (other than a wholly-owned direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Borrower) if any of the Equity Interests of such Person having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body of such Person are held by the Borrower and/or any of its Subsidiaries and the Borrower or any such Subsidiary is a party to a 
 
 25 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

26 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement in respect of such Equity Interests. 
 
 Joint Venture Agreement means, for any Joint Venture, any stockholder agreement, voting trust agreement, limited liability agreement, partnership agreement, limited partnership agreement, operating agreement or other similar agreement related to the ownership of the Equity Interests of such Joint Venture having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body of such Joint Venture among the owners of such Equity Interests. 
 
 Laws means, collectively, all international, foreign, Federal, state and local statutes, treaties, rules, guidelines, regulations, ordinances, codes and administrative or judicial precedents or authorities, including the interpretation or administration thereof by any Governmental Authority charged with the enforcement, interpretation or administration thereof, and all applicable administrative orders, directed duties, requests, licenses, authorizations and permits of, and agreements with, any Governmental Authority, in each case to the extent having the force of law. 
 
 Lender has the meaning specified in the introductory paragraph hereto. 
 
 Lending Office means, as to any Lender, the office or offices of such Lender described as such in such Lender s Administrative Questionnaire, or such other office or offices as a Lender may from time to time notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent which office may include any Affiliate of such Lender or any domestic or foreign branch of such Lender or such Affiliate. Unless the context otherwise requires each reference to a Lender shall include its applicable Lending Office. 
 
 LIBOR has the meaning specified in the definition of Eurodollar Rate. 
 
 LIBOR Screen Rate means the LIBOR quote on the applicable screen page the Administrative Agent designates to determine LIBOR (or such other commercially available source providing such quotations as may be designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time). 
 
 Lien means any mortgage, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien (statutory or other), charge, or preference, priority or other security interest or preferential arrangement in the nature of a security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any conditional sale or other title retention agreement, any easement, right of way or other encumbrance on title to real property, and any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing). 
 
 Loan means a Committed Loan by a Lender to the Borrower under Article II . Loan Documents means this Agreement, each Note and the Fee Letters. 
 Margin Stock has the meaning assigned to the term Margin Stock in Regulation U of the FRB as in effect from time to time. 
 
 Material Acquisition means an (a) acquisition or (b) series of acquisitions consummated 
 
 27 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 in a single Measurement Period, in each case, permitted under Section 7.02 by the 

28 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Borrower or a Subsidiary of the Borrower of the Equity Interests or assets of a Person and with aggregate acquisition consideration (including assumed indebtedness) in excess of 250,000,000. 
 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse effect upon the business, properties, operations or financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole; (b) a material impairment of the ability of the Borrower to perform its payment obligations under this Agreement; (c) a material impairment of the rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent or any Lender under any Loan Document (in the case of any Lender, other than as a result of an action or omission by such Lender); or (d) a material adverse effect upon the validity, binding effect or enforceability against the Borrower of this Agreement. 
 Maturity Date means the date that is three (3) years following the Funding Date. Measurement Period means a period of four consecutive fiscal quarters of the Borrower. 
 Unless otherwise specified, on any date of determination, a reference herein to a Measurement Period shall be to such period then ended or then most recently ended, as the case may be. 
 Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and any successor thereto. Multiemployer Plan means any employee benefit plan of the type described in Section 
 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate makes or is obligated to make contributions, or during the preceding five (5) plan years, has made or been obligated to make contributions. 
 
 Non-Defaulting Lender means, at any time, each Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender at such time. 
 
 Note means a promissory note made by the Borrower in favor of a Lender evidencing Loans made by such Lender to the Borrower, substantially in the form of Exhibit C . 
 
 Obligations means all advances to, and debts, liabilities and other obligations of, the Borrower arising under any Loan Document or otherwise with respect to any Loan, in each case whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising and including interest and fees that accrue after the commencement by or against the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Laws naming such Person as the debtor in such proceeding, regardless of whether such interest and fees are allowed claims in such proceeding. 
 
 OFAC means the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury. 
 
 Organization Documents means, (a) with respect to any corporation, the certificate or articles of incorporation and the bylaws (or equivalent or comparable constitutive documents with respect to any non-U.S. jurisdiction); (b) with respect to any limited liability company, the certificate or articles of formation or organization and operating agreement; and (c) with respect to any partnership, joint venture, trust or other form of business entity, the partnership, joint venture or other applicable agreement of formation or organization and any agreement, instrument, 
 
 29 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 filing or notice with respect thereto filed in connection with its formation or 

30 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 organization with the applicable Governmental Authority in the jurisdiction of its formation or organization and, if applicable, any certificate or articles of formation or organization of such entity. 
 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing, property, excise or similar taxes, charges or levies arising from any payment made hereunder or under any other Loan Document or from the execution, delivery or enforcement of, or otherwise with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, but excluding any taxes that are Excluded Taxes. 
 
 Outstanding Amount means the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Committed Loans on any date after giving effect to the Borrowing and any prepayments or repayments of such Committed Loans occurring on such date. 
 
 Overnight Rate means, for any day, the greater of (i) the Federal Funds Rate and (ii) an overnight rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. 
 
 Participant has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . Participant Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(d) . PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 Pension Act means the Pension Protection Act of 2006. 
 
 Pension Funding Rules means the rules of the Code and ERISA regarding minimum required contributions (including any installment payment thereof) to Pension Plans and set forth in Section 412, 430, 431, 432 and 436 of the Code and Sections 302, 303, 304 and 305 of ERISA. 
 
 Pension Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) that is maintained or is contributed to by the Borrower and any ERISA Affiliate on behalf of their employees and is either covered by Title IV of ERISA or is subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Code. 
 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. 
 
 Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA (including a Pension Plan), maintained for employees of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or any such Plan to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is required to contribute on behalf of any of its employees. 
 
 Platform has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 
 Pro Forma Basis means, for the purposes of calculating Consolidated EBITDA or Consolidated Funded Indebtedness, as applicable, for any Measurement Period, (a) if at any time 
 
 31 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 during such Measurement Period the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall have made any 

32 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Significant Disposition, such Significant Disposition shall be given pro forma effect as if it had occurred on the first day of such Measurement Period, and in furtherance thereof, (i) the Consolidated EBITDA for such Measurement Period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable thereto for such Measurement Period or increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such Measurement Period and (ii) the Consolidated Funded Indebtedness for such Measurement Period shall be reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated Funded Indebtedness paid or taken off the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection with such Significant Disposition and (b) if at any time during such Measurement Period the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall have made any Significant Acquisition, such Significant Acquisition shall be given pro forma effect as if it had occurred on the first day of such Measurement Period, and in furtherance thereof, (i) the Consolidated EBITDA for such Measurement Period shall be increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if positive) attributable thereto for such Measurement Period or reduced by an amount equal to the Consolidated EBITDA (if negative) attributable thereto for such Measurement Period and (ii) the Consolidated Funded Indebtedness shall be increased by an amount equal to the Consolidated Funded Indebtedness incurred or assumed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in connection with such Significant Acquisition. As used in this definition, Significant Disposition means any Disposition of property or series of related Dispositions of property that (X) constitutes assets comprising at least the majority of an operating unit or brand of a business or business line or constitutes a majority of all the Equity Interests of a Person and (Y) yields gross proceeds to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of 10,000,000; and Significant Acquisition means any acquisition of property or series of related acquisitions of property that (X) constitutes assets comprising a majority of the assets of an operating unit or brand of business or business line or constitutes a majority of all the Equity Interests of a Person and (Y) involves the payment of consideration by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in excess of 10,000,000. All the calculations referred to herein shall be in reasonable detail and shall be in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent in all material respects. 
 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 
 Public Lender has the meaning specified in Section 6.02 . 
 
 Receivables means accounts and accounts receivable of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including any thereof constituting or evidenced by chattel paper, instruments or general intangibles), and all proceeds thereof and rights (contractual and other) and collateral related thereto. 
 
 Receivables Subsidiary any special purpose, bankruptcy-remote Subsidiary that acquires, on a revolving basis, Receivables generated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries and that engages in no operations or activities other than those related to receivables securitizations or incidental to its existence. 
 
 Register has the meaning specified in Section 10.06(c) . 
 
 Related Parties means, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the 
 
 33 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

34 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees and administrators, managers, advisors and representatives of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 
 Reportable Event means any of the events set forth in Section 4043(c) of ERISA, other than events for which the thirty (30) day notice period has been waived. 
 
 Required Lenders means, (a) as of any date of determination prior to the Funding Date, 
 (i) Lenders having more than 50 of the Aggregate Commitments or (ii) if the Commitments of all Lenders to make Loans have been terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 or Section 2.06 , each Lender s Applicable Percentage most recently in effect (after giving effect to any subsequent assignments), or (b) as of any date of determination on or after the Funding Date (after giving effect to the Borrowing on such date), Lenders with an aggregate amount of Loans outstanding equal to more than 50 of the Outstanding Amount; provided that the Commitment of, and the portion of the Outstanding Amount held or deemed held by, any Defaulting Lender shall be excluded for purposes of making a determination of Required Lenders. 

Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 
 Responsible Officer means the (a) chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of the Borrower, (b) solely for purposes of the delivery of incumbency certificates pursuant to Section 4.01 , the secretary or any assistant secretary of the Borrower and (c) solely for purposes of notices given pursuant to Article II , any other officer or employee of the Borrower so designated by any of the foregoing officers in a notice to the Administrative Agent. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and/or other action on the part of the Borrower and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf the Borrower. 
 
 Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any capital stock or other Equity Interest of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such capital stock or other Equity Interest, or on account of any return of capital to the Borrower s stockholders, partners or members (or the equivalent Person thereof). 
 
 Returned Investment means, with respect to any Investment made by any Person pursuant to Section 7.02(e) , the aggregate amount of all dividends, distributions or other payments received by such Person in respect of such Investment, other than payments made not in the nature of a return or repurchase of capital or a repayment of principal, that have been paid or returned, without restriction, in cash to the Person making such Investment. 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2018, by and among Church Dwight Co., Inc., as borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto, Bank of America, as Lead Administrative Agent, Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer, 
 
 35 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as Co-Administrative Agent, Syndication Agent and L/C Issuer, 

36 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 and the other parties thereto, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, including by the First Amendment thereto dated May 1, 2019. 
 
 Same Day Funds means immediately available funds. 
 
 Sanction(s) means any sanction administered or enforced by the United States Government (including without limitation, OFAC), the United Nations Security Council, the European Union or any of its member states, Her Majesty s Treasury or other relevant sanctions authority. 
 
 S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services and any successor thereto. Scheduled Disposition has the meaning specified in Section 7.05(k) . Scheduled Unavailability Date has the meaning specified in Section 3.03(b)(ii) . 
 SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any Governmental Authority succeeding to any of its principal functions. 
 
 Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of securities or other interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than securities or interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such Person. Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to a Subsidiary or to Subsidiaries shall refer to a Subsidiary or Subsidiaries of the Borrower. 
 
 Swap Contract means (a) any and all rate swap transactions, basis swaps, credit derivative transactions, forward rate transactions, commodity swaps, commodity options, forward commodity contracts, equity or equity index swaps or options, bond or bond price or bond index swaps or options or forward bond or forward bond price or forward bond index transactions, interest rate options, forward foreign exchange transactions, cap transactions, floor transactions, collar transactions, currency swap transactions, cross-currency rate swap transactions, currency options, spot contracts, or any other similar transactions or any combination of any of the foregoing (including any options to enter into any of the foregoing), whether or not any such transaction is governed by or subject to any master agreement, and (b) any and all transactions of any kind, and the related confirmations, which are subject to the terms and conditions of, or governed by, any form of master agreement published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., any International Foreign Exchange Master Agreement, or any other master agreement (any such master agreement, together with any related schedules, a Master Agreement ), including any such obligations or liabilities under any Master Agreement. 
 
 Swap Termination Value means, in respect of any one or more Swap Contracts, after taking into account the effect of any contractual netting agreement relating to such Swap Contracts, (a) for any date on or after the date such Swap Contracts have been closed out and termination value(s) determined in accordance therewith, such termination value(s), and (b) for 
 
 37 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

38 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 any date prior to the date referenced in clause (a), the amount(s) determined as the mark-to- market value(s) for such Swap Contracts, as determined based upon one or more mid-market or other readily available quotations provided by any recognized dealer in such Swap Contracts (which may include a Lender or any Affiliate of a Lender). 
 
 Synthetic Lease Obligation means the monetary obligation of a Person under (a) a so- called synthetic, off-balance sheet or tax retention lease, or (b) an agreement for the use or possession of property creating obligations that do not appear on the balance sheet of such Person but which, upon the insolvency or bankruptcy of such Person, would be characterized as the indebtedness of such Person (without regard to accounting treatment). 
 
 Taxes means all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 
 Threshold Amount means 125,000,000. 
 
 Ticking Fee has the meaning specified in Section 2.09(a) . 
 
 Type means, with respect to a Committed Loan, its character as a Base Rate Loan or a Eurodollar Rate Loan. 
 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person subject to IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 
 United States and U.S. mean the United States of America. USA PATRIOT Act has the meaning specified in Section 10.18 . 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write- down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 
 39 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

40 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 1.02 Other Interpretive Provisions . With reference to this Agreement and each other Loan Document, unless otherwise specified herein or in such other Loan Document: 
 
 (a) The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise, (i) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document (including any Organization Document) shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth herein or in any other Loan Document), (ii) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns, (iii) the words hereto , herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import when used in any Loan Document, shall be construed to refer to such Loan Document in its entirety and not to any particular provision thereof, (iv) all references in a Loan Document to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, the Loan Document in which such references appear, (v) any reference to any law shall include all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending, replacing or interpreting such law and any reference to any law, rule or regulation shall, unless otherwise specified, refer to such law, rule or regulation as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time, and (vi) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. 

(b) In the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including the words to and until each mean to but excluding and the word through means to and including . 

(c) Section headings herein and in the other Loan Documents are included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

Section 1.03 Accounting Terms . (a) Generally . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with, GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the Audited Financial Statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any covenant (including the computation of any financial covenant) contained herein, Indebtedness of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to be carried at 100 of the outstanding principal amount thereof, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein, and the effects of FASB ASC 825 and FASB ASC 470-20 on financial liabilities shall be disregarded. 

41 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (b) Changes in GAAP .	If at any time any change in GAAP would affect the 

42 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 computation of any financial ratio or requirement set forth in any Loan Document, and either the Borrower or the Required Lenders shall so request, the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower shall negotiate in good faith to amend such ratio or requirement to preserve the original intent thereof in light of such change in GAAP; provided that , until so amended, (i) such ratio or requirement shall continue to be computed in accordance with GAAP prior to such change therein and (ii) to the extent such change in GAAP has been applied to the financial statements of the Borrower delivered pursuant to Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , the Borrower shall provide to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders a reconciliation between calculations of such ratio or requirement made before and after giving effect to such change in GAAP in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 (c) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities . All references herein to consolidated financial statements of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or to the determination of any amount for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis or any similar reference shall, in each case, be deemed to include each variable interest entity that the Borrower is required to consolidate pursuant to FASB ASC 810 as if such variable interest entity were a Subsidiary as defined herein. 

Section 1.04 Rounding . Any financial ratios required to be maintained by the Borrower pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). 
 
 Section 1.05 Divisions. Any reference herein to a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, shall be deemed to apply to a division of or by a limited liability company, or an allocation of assets to a series of a limited liability company (or the unwinding of such a division or allocation), as if it were a merger, transfer, consolidation, amalgamation, consolidation, assignment, sale, disposition or transfer, or similar term, as applicable, to, of or with a separate Person. Any division of a limited liability company shall constitute a separate Person hereunder (and each division of any limited liability company that is a Subsidiary, joint venture or any other like term shall also constitute such a Person or entity). 
 
 Section 1.06	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 1.07 Interest Rates . The Administrative Agent does not warrant, nor accept responsibility, nor shall the Administrative Agent have any liability with respect to the administration, submission or any other matter related to any reference rate referred to herein or with respect to any rate (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the selection of such rate and any related spread or other adjustment) that is an alternative or replacement for or successor to any such rate (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or the effect of any of the foregoing, or of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions or other activities that affect any reference rate referred to herein, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement) (or any component of any of the foregoing) or any related spread or other 

43 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any reference rate referred to herein or any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including, without limitation, any Benchmark Replacement) or any component of any of the foregoing), in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or other action or omission related to or affecting the selection, determination, or calculation of any rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 
 Section 1.08 Times of Day . Unless otherwise specified, all references herein to times of day shall be references to Eastern time (daylight or standard, as applicable). 
 
 ARTICLE II. COMMITMENTS AND BORROWING 
 
 Section 2.01 Committed Loans . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally agrees to make loans in Dollars (each such loan, a Committed Loan to the Borrower in a single drawing on the Funding Date in the principal amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the principal amount of the Borrowing (as set forth in a Committed Loan Notice) pursuant to Section 2.02 , not to exceed such Lender s Commitment. The Lenders shall make funds available in respect of the Borrowing under this Section 2.01 ratably according to their respective Applicable Percentages. Amounts repaid or prepaid in respect of Loans may not be reborrowed. Failure by any Lender to make Loans as required under the terms of this Agreement will not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder. 
 
 Section 2.02	Borrowing, Conversions and Continuations of Committed Loans . 
 
 (a) The Borrowing, each conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and each continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be made upon the Borrower s irrevocable notice to the Administrative Agent, which may be given by (A) telephone or (B) a Committed Loan Notice; provided that any telephonic notice must be confirmed promptly by delivery to the Administrative Agent of a Committed Loan Notice. Each such Committed Loan Notice (or, to the extent the Borrower has notified the Administrative Agent by telephone pursuant to clause (A) of the immediately preceding sentence, telephonic notice) must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon (i) three (3) Business Days prior to the requested date of the Borrowing of, any conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans to Base Rate Committed Loans and (ii) on the requested date of the Borrowing of Base Rate Committed Loans. The Borrowing of, and each conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. The Borrowing of or any conversion to Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of 

500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof. Each Committed Loan Notice (whether telephonic or written) shall specify (i) whether the Borrower is requesting the Borrowing, a conversion of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, or a continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans, (ii) the requested date of the Borrowing, conversion or continuation, as the case may be 
 
 44 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (which shall be a Business Day), (iii) the principal amount of Committed Loans 

45 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 to be borrowed, converted or continued, (iv) the Type of Committed Loans to be borrowed or to which existing Committed Loans are to be converted and (v) if applicable, the duration of the Interest Period with respect thereto. If the Borrower fails to specify a Type of Committed Loan in a Committed Loan Notice or if the Borrower fails to give a timely notice requesting a conversion or continuation, then the applicable Committed Loans shall be made as, or converted to, Base Rate Loans. Any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans shall be effective as of the last day of the Interest Period then in effect with respect to the applicable Eurodollar Rate Loans. If the Borrower requests the Borrowing of, a conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans in any such Committed Loan Notice, but fails to specify an Interest Period, it will be deemed to have specified an Interest Period of one (1) month. 
 
 (b) Following receipt of a Committed Loan Notice, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify each Lender of the amount of its Applicable Percentage of the applicable Committed Loans, and if no timely notice of a conversion or continuation is provided by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Lender of the details of any automatic conversion to Base Rate Loans or continuation of Committed Loans, in each case as described in the preceding subsection. In the case of the Borrowing, each Lender shall make the amount of its Committed Loan available to the Administrative Agent in Same Day Funds at the Administrative Agent s Office not later than 2:00 p.m. on the Business Day specified in the applicable Committed Loan Notice. Upon satisfaction of the applicable conditions set forth in Section 4.02 , the Administrative Agent shall make all funds so received available to the Borrower in like funds as received by the Administrative Agent either by (i) crediting the account of the Borrower on the books of Bank of America (or, to the extent a successor Administrative Agent has been appointed in accordance with Section 9.06 , such successor Administrative Agent) with the amount of such funds or (ii) wire transfer of such funds, in each case in accordance with instructions provided to (and reasonably acceptable to) the Administrative Agent by the Borrower. 

(c) Except as otherwise provided herein, a Eurodollar Rate Loan may be continued or converted only on the last day of an Interest Period for such Eurodollar Rate Loan. During the existence of a Default, no Loans may be requested as, converted to or continued as Eurodollar Rate Loans without the consent of the Required Lenders. 

(d) The Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of the interest rate applicable to any Interest Period for Eurodollar Rate Loans upon determination of such interest rate. At any time that Base Rate Loans are outstanding, the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders of any change in Bank of America s prime rate used in determining the Base Rate promptly following the public announcement of such change. 

(e) After giving effect to the Borrowing, all conversions of Committed Loans from one Type to the other, and all continuations of Committed Loans of the same Type, there shall not be more than ten (10) Interest Periods in effect with respect to Committed Loans. 

Section 2.03	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 2.04	[Reserved] 

46 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 2.05 Prepayments . (a) The Borrower may, upon notice from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, at any time or from time to time voluntarily prepay Committed Loans in whole or in part without premium or penalty; provided that (i) such notice must be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon (A) three (3) Business Days prior to any date of prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans and (B) on the date of prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans or in each case, such later time as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion; (ii) any prepayment of Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be in a principal amount of 5,000,000 or a whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof; and (iii) any prepayment of Base Rate Committed Loans shall be in a principal amount of 500,000 or a whole multiple of 100,000 in excess thereof or, in each case, if less, the entire principal amount thereof then outstanding. Each such notice shall specify the date and amount of such prepayment and the Type(s) of Committed Loans to be prepaid and, if Eurodollar Rate Loans are to be prepaid, the Interest Period(s) of such Loans. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify each Lender of its receipt of each such notice, and of the amount of such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such prepayment. If such notice is given by the Borrower, the Borrower shall make such prepayment and the payment amount specified in such notice shall be due and payable on the date specified therein; provided , that such notice may be conditioned on the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event; provided further that the Borrower shall compensate and hold harmless any Lender from any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender in accordance with Section 3.05 as a result of the failure to make such prepayment. Any prepayment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan shall be accompanied by all accrued interest on the amount prepaid, together with any additional amounts required pursuant to Section 3.05 . Subject to Section 2.18 , each such prepayment shall be applied to the Committed Loans of the Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages. 
 
 (b) [Reserved] 

(c) [Reserved] 

(d) [Reserved] 

Section 2.06 Termination or Reduction of Commitments . The Borrower may, upon notice to the Administrative Agent (which notice may be conditioned on the occurrence or non- occurrence of any event; provided that the Borrower shall compensate and hold harmless any Lender from any loss, cost or expense incurred by such Lender in accordance with Section 3.05 as a result of the failure to terminate the Aggregate Commitments), terminate the Aggregate Commitments, or from time to time permanently reduce the Aggregate Commitments; provided that (i) any such notice shall be received by the Administrative Agent not later than 12:00 noon three (3) Business Days prior to the date of termination or reduction, or such later time as the Administrative Agent may agree in its reasonable discretion and (ii) any such partial reduction shall be in an aggregate amount of 10,000,000 or any whole multiple of 1,000,000 in excess thereof. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Lenders of any such notice of termination or reduction of the Aggregate Commitments. Any reduction of the Aggregate Commitments shall be applied to the Commitment of each Lender according to its Applicable Percentage. All fees accrued until the effective date of any termination of the Aggregate Commitments shall be paid on the effective date of such termination. Any Commitments outstanding following the Availability Period shall automatically terminate. 
 
 47 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

48 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 2.07 Repayment of Loans . (a) The Borrower shall repay to the Lenders on the Maturity Date the aggregate principal amount of Committed Loans made to the Borrower outstanding on such date. 
 
 (b)	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 2.08 Interest . (a) Subject to the provisions of subsection (b) below, (i) each Eurodollar Rate Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof for each Interest Period at a rate per annum equal to the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest Period plus the Applicable Rate and (ii) each Base Rate Committed Loan shall bear interest on the outstanding principal amount thereof from the applicable borrowing date at a rate per annum equal to the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. 
 
 (b) (i) If any amount of principal of any Loan is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(ii) If any amount (other than principal of any Loan) payable by the Borrower under any Loan Document is not paid when due (without regard to any applicable grace periods), whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, then upon the request of the Required Lenders, such amount shall thereafter bear interest at a fluctuating interest rate per annum at all times equal to the Default Rate to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Laws. 

(iii) Accrued and unpaid interest on past due amounts (including interest on past due interest) shall be due and payable upon demand. 

(c) Interest on each Loan shall be due and payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date applicable thereto and at such other times as may be specified herein. Interest hereunder shall be due and payable in accordance with the terms hereof before and after judgment, and before and after the commencement of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law. 

Section 2.09	Fees . 
 
 (a) Ticking Fee . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Lender, in accordance with each Lender s Applicable Percentage, a ticking fee in Dollars equal to 0.07 per annum of the Aggregate Commitments outstanding from the Closing Date through the last day of the Availability Period (the Ticking Fee ), subject to adjustment as provided in Section 2.18 . The Ticking Fee shall be due and payable in arrears on the last day of the Availability Period. 

(b) Other Fees . The Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent for its own account, in Dollars, fees in the amounts and at the times specified in the applicable Fee Letter. Such fees shall be fully earned when paid and shall not be refundable for any reason whatsoever. 

49 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 2.10	Computation of Interest and Fees . All computations of interest for Base 

50 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Rate Loans (including Base Rate Loans determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate) shall be made on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed. All other computations of fees and interest shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (which results in more fees or interest, as applicable, being paid than if computed on the basis of a 365-day year). Interest shall accrue on each Loan for the day on which the Loan is made, and shall not accrue on a Loan, or any portion thereof, for the day on which the Loan or such portion is paid; provided that any Loan that is repaid on the same day on which it is made shall, subject to Section 2.12(a) , bear interest for one (1) day. Each determination by the Administrative Agent of an interest rate or fee hereunder shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error. 
 
 Section 2.11 Evidence of Debt . (a) The Borrowing, each continuation and each conversion of a Committed Loan provided by each Lender shall be evidenced by one or more accounts or records maintained by such Lender and by the Administrative Agent in the ordinary course of business. The accounts or records maintained by the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be conclusive absent manifest error of the amount of the Borrowing made by the Lenders to the Borrower and the interest and payments thereon. Any failure to so record or any error in doing so shall not, however, limit or otherwise affect the obligation of the Borrower hereunder to pay any amount owing with respect to the Obligations. In the event of any conflict between the accounts and records maintained by any Lender and the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent in respect of such matters, the accounts and records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. Upon the request of any Lender to the Borrower made through the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall execute and deliver to such Lender (through the Administrative Agent) a Note, which shall evidence such Lender s Loans to the Borrower in addition to such accounts or records. Each Lender may attach schedules to a Note and endorse thereon the date, Type (if applicable), amount and maturity of its Loans and payments with respect thereto. 
 
 (b)	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 2.12 Payments Generally; Administrative Agent s Clawback . (a) General . All payments to be made by the Borrower shall be made without condition or deduction for any counterclaim, defense, recoupment or setoff. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrower hereunder shall be made to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the respective Lenders to which such payment is owed, at the applicable Administrative Agent s Office in Dollars and in Same Day Funds not later than 3:00 p.m. on the date specified herein. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent may require that any payments due under this Agreement be made in the United States. The Administrative Agent will promptly distribute to each Lender its Applicable Percentage (or other applicable share as provided herein) of such payment in like funds as received by wire transfer to such Lender s Lending Office. All payments received by the Administrative Agent after 3:00 p.m. shall in each case be deemed received on the next succeeding Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue. If any payment to be made by the Borrower shall come due on a day other than a Business Day, payment shall be made on the next following Business Day, and such extension of time shall be reflected in computing interest or fees, as the case may be. 

51 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (b) (i) Funding by Lenders; Presumption by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of the Borrowing of Eurodollar Rate Loans (or, in the case of the Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, prior to 12:00 noon on the date of the Borrowing) that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of the Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with Section 2.02 (or, in the case of the Borrowing of Base Rate Loans, that such Lender has made such share available in accordance with and at the time required by Section 2.02 and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (A) in the case of a payment to be made by such Lender, the Overnight Rate, plus any administrative, processing or similar fees customarily charged by the Administrative Agent in connection with the foregoing, and (B) in the case of a payment to be made by the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to Base Rate Loans. If the Borrower and such Lender shall pay such interest to the Administrative Agent for the same or an overlapping period, the Administrative Agent shall promptly remit to the Borrower the amount of such interest paid by the Borrower for such period. If such Lender pays its share of the Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, then the amount so paid shall constitute such Lender s Committed Loan included in the Borrowing. Any payment by the Borrower shall be without prejudice to any claim the Borrower may have against a Lender that shall have failed to make such payment to the Administrative Agent. 

(ii) Payments by Borrower; Presumptions by Administrative Agent . Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender in Same Day Funds with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the Overnight Rate. 
 
 A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Lender or Borrower with respect to any amount owing under this subsection (b) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 
 (c) Failure to Satisfy Conditions Precedent . If any Lender makes available to the Administrative Agent funds for any Loan to be made by such Lender to the Borrower as provided in the foregoing provisions of this Article II , and such funds are not made available to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent because the conditions to the Funding Date set forth in Section 4.02 are not satisfied or waived in accordance with the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall return such funds (in like funds as received from such Lender) to such Lender, without interest. 

52 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (d) Obligations of Lenders Several . The obligations of the Lenders hereunder to make Committed Loans and to make payments pursuant to Section 10.04(c) are several and not joint. The failure of any Lender to make any Committed Loan or to make any payment under Section 10.04(c) on any date required hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender of its corresponding obligation to do so on such date, and no Lender shall be responsible for the failure of any other Lender to so make its Committed Loan or to make its payment under Section 10.04(c) . 

(e) Funding Source . Nothing herein shall be deemed to obligate any Lender to obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner or to constitute a representation by any Lender that it has obtained or will obtain the funds for any Loan in any particular place or manner. 

Section 2.13 Sharing of Payments by Lenders . If any Lender shall, by exercising any right of setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of the Committed Loans made by it, resulting in such Lender s receiving payment of a proportion of the aggregate amount of such Committed Loans and accrued interest thereon greater than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall (a) notify the Administrative Agent of such fact, and (b) purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Committed Loans of the other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Committed Loans and other amounts owing them, provided that: 
 
 (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest; and 

(ii) the provisions of this Section shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender), or (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Committed Loans to any assignee or participant, other than an assignment to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this Section shall apply). 

The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 
 Section 2.14	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 2.15	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 2.16	[Reserved] 

53 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 2.17	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 2.18	Defaulting Lenders . 
 
 (a) Adjustments . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as that Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by applicable Law: 

(i) Waivers and Amendments . That Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in Section 10.01 . 

(ii) Reallocation of Payments . Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of that Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VIII or otherwise, and including any amounts made available to the Administrative Agent by that Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.08 ), shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows: first , to the payment of any amounts owing by that Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder; second , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Loan in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent; third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a non-interest bearing deposit account and released in order to satisfy obligations of that Defaulting Lender to fund Loans under this Agreement; fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; fifth , so long as no Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against that Defaulting Lender as a result of that Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement; and sixth , to that Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Loans in respect of which that Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share and (y) such Loans were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Loans of all Non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Loans of that Defaulting Lender. 

(iii) Certain Fees . That Defaulting Lender shall not be entitled to receive any Ticking Fee pursuant to Section 2.09(a) for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any Ticking Fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 

(iv) [Reserved] 

54 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (b) Defaulting Lender Cure . If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in 

55 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 writing in their sole discretion that a Defaulting Lender should no longer be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase that portion of outstanding Loans of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Committed Loans to be held on a pro rata basis by the Lenders in accordance with their Applicable Percentages, whereupon that Lender will cease to be a Defaulting Lender; provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender; and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 
 ARTICLE III. 
 TAXES, YIELD PROTECTION AND ILLEGALITY 
 
 Section 3.01	Taxes . 
 
 (a) Payments Free of Taxes; Obligation to Withhold; Payments on Account of Taxes . 

(i) Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the respective Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall to the extent permitted by applicable Laws be made free and clear of and without reduction or withholding for any Taxes. If, however, applicable Laws require the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to withhold or deduct any Tax, such Tax shall be withheld or deducted in accordance with such Laws as determined by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, upon the basis of the information and documentation to be delivered pursuant to subsection (e) below. 

(ii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes, including both United States Federal backup withholding and withholding taxes, from any payment, then (A) the Administrative Agent or the Borrower shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by the Administrative Agent to be required by applicable law, (B) the Administrative Agent or the Borrower shall timely pay the full amount withheld or deducted to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with the Code, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the Administrative Agent or Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 

(iii) If the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall be required by any applicable Laws other than the Code to withhold or deduct any Taxes from any payment, then (A) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as required by such Laws, shall withhold or make such deductions as are determined by it to be required by applicable 

56 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

57 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Law, (B) the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to the extent required by such Laws, shall make such deductions and the Borrower or the Administrative Agent shall timely pay the full amount so withheld or deducted by it to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with such Laws, and (C) to the extent that the withholding or deduction is made on account of Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes, the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after any required withholding or the making of all required deductions (including deductions applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 3.01 the Administrative Agent or Lender, as the case may be, receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such withholding or deduction been made. 
 
 (b) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower . Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) above, the Borrower shall timely pay any Other Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Laws. 

(c) Tax Indemnifications . 

(i) Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) or (b) above, the Borrower shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent and each Lender, and shall make payment in respect thereof within twenty (20) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 3.01 or Other Taxes withheld or deducted by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent or paid by the Administrative Agent, such Lender and any penalties, interest and reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. The Borrower shall also, and does hereby, indemnify the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within twenty (20) days after demand therefor, for any Indemnified Taxes which a Lender for any reason fails to pay indefeasibly to the Administrative Agent as required by clause (ii) of this subsection, and the Administrative Agent and each Lender agree that, upon the making of such payment, the Borrower shall automatically be entitled to, and may exercise all rights of, subrogation in respect of such payment. A certificate as to the amount of any such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 

(ii) Without limiting the provisions of subsection (a) or (b) above, each Lender shall, and does hereby, indemnify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, and shall make payment in respect thereof within twenty (20) days after demand therefor, against any and all Taxes and any and all related losses, claims, liabilities, penalties, interest and expenses (including the fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for the Borrower or the Administrative Agent) incurred by or asserted against the Borrower or the Administrative Agent by any Governmental Authority as a result of the failure by such Lender to (y) comply with the provisions of Section 10.06(d) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (z) deliver, or as a result of the inaccuracy, inadequacy or deficiency of, any documentation required to be delivered by such Lender 

58 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection (e). Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this clause (ii). The agreements in this clause (ii) shall survive the resignation and/or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 
 
 (d) Evidence of Payments . Upon request by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower or by the Administrative Agent to a Governmental Authority as provided in this Section 3.01 , the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent or the Administrative Agent shall deliver to the Borrower, as the case may be, the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of any return required by Laws to report such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be. 

(e) Status of Lenders; Tax Documentation . 

(i) Each Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and to the Administrative Agent, at the time or times prescribed by applicable Laws or when reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation prescribed by applicable Laws or by the taxing authorities of any jurisdiction and such other reasonably requested information as will permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, to determine (A) whether or not payments made by the respective Borrower hereunder or under any other Loan Document are subject to Taxes, (B) if applicable, the required rate of withholding or deduction, and 

(C) such Lender s entitlement to any available exemption from, or reduction of, applicable Taxes in respect of all payments to be made to such Lender by the respective Borrower pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise to establish such Lender s status for withholding tax purposes in the applicable jurisdictions. 
 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if the Borrower is resident for tax purposes in the United States, 

(A) any Lender that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax, and such other documentation or information prescribed by applicable Laws or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, as the case may be, to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements; and 

59 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (B) Each Foreign Lender that is entitled under the Code or any applicable treaty to an exemption from or reduction of withholding tax with respect to payments hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the request of the Borrower on behalf of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, but only if such Foreign Lender is legally entitled to do so), whichever of the following is applicable: 

(I) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, executed copies of IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, 

U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty, 
 
 (II) executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, 

(III) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the beneficial owner, 

(w) executed copies of IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN-E (or W-8BEN, as applicable), (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code, (y) IRS Form W-9, and/or (z) other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a certificate described in clause (x) of this paragraph on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner, 
 
 (IV) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not (A) a bank within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, (B) a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or (C) a controlled foreign corporation described in section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code and (y) executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E, 

60 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (V) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (V) , FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement, or 

(VI) executed copies of any other form prescribed by applicable Laws as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in United States Federal withholding tax together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Laws to permit the or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made. 

(iii) Each Lender shall promptly (A) notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction, and (B) take such steps as shall not be materially disadvantageous to it, in the reasonable judgment of such Lender, and as may be reasonably necessary (including the re-designation of its Lending Office) to avoid any requirement of applicable Laws of any jurisdiction that the Borrower or the Administrative Agent make any withholding or deduction for taxes from amounts payable to such Lender. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 

(iv) The Borrower shall promptly deliver to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, as the Administrative Agent or such Lender shall reasonably request, on or prior to the Closing Date, and in a timely fashion thereafter, such documents and forms required by any relevant taxing authorities under the Laws of any jurisdiction, duly executed and completed by the Borrower, as are required to be furnished by such Lender or the Administrative Agent under such Laws in connection with any payment by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of Taxes or Other Taxes, or otherwise in connection with the Loan Documents, with respect to such jurisdiction. 

61 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (f) Treatment of Certain Refunds . Unless required by applicable Laws, at no time shall the Administrative Agent have any obligation to file for or otherwise pursue on behalf of a Lender, or have any obligation to pay to any Lender, any refund of Taxes withheld or deducted from funds paid for the account of such Lender. If the Administrative Agent or any Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified by the Borrower or with respect to which the Borrower has paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 3.01 , it shall pay to the Borrower an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Borrower under this Section 3.01 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses and net of any loss or gain realized in the conversion of such funds from or to another currency incurred by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund), provided that the Borrower, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Borrower (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) to the Administrative Agent or such Lender in the event the Administrative Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 3.01(f) , in no event will the Administrative Agent or any Lender be required to pay any amount to the Borrower pursuant to this subsection the payment of which would place the Administrative Agent or any such Lender, as applicable, in a less favorable net after-Tax position than that Administrative Agent or Lender would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This subsection shall not be construed to require the Administrative Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information relating to its taxes that it deems confidential) to the Borrower or any other Person. 

(g) The agreements in this Section 3.01 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all other Obligations. 

Section 3.02 Illegality . If any Lender determines that any Law has made it unlawful, or that any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for such Lender or its applicable Lending Office to make, maintain or fund Eurodollar Rate Loans, or to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, Dollars in the London interbank eurodollar market, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, (i) any obligation of such Lender to make or continue Eurodollar Rate Loans or to convert Base Rate Committed Loans to Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended and (ii) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender making or maintaining Base Rate Loans the interest rate on which is determined by reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist (which notice such Lender agrees to give promptly upon a determination that such 
 
 62 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 circumstances no longer exist). Upon receipt of such notice, (x) the 

63 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Borrower shall, upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), prepay or, if applicable, convert all such Eurodollar Rate Loans of such Lender to Base Rate Loans (the interest rate on which Base Rate Loans of such Lender shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, be determined by the Administrative Agent without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate), either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans to such day, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Eurodollar Rate Loans and (y) if such notice asserts the illegality of such Lender determining or charging interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate, the Administrative Agent shall during the period of such suspension compute the Base Rate applicable to such Lender without reference to the Eurodollar Rate component thereof until the Administrative Agent is advised in writing by such Lender that it is no longer illegal for such Lender to determine or charge interest rates based upon the Eurodollar Rate. Upon any such prepayment or conversion, the Borrower shall also pay accrued interest on the amount so prepaid or converted. 
 
 Section 3.03	Inability to Determine Rates . 
 
 (a) If the Required Lenders determine that for any reason in connection with any request for a Eurodollar Rate Loan or a conversion to or continuation thereof, (i) (A) Dollar deposits are not being offered to banks in the London interbank eurodollar market for the applicable amount and Interest Period of such Eurodollar Rate Loan, or (B) (x) adequate and reasonable means do not exist for determining the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan or in connection with an existing or proposed Base Rate Loan and (y) the circumstances described in Section 3.03(b)(i) do not apply (in each case with respect to this clause (i), Impacted Loans ), or (ii) the Eurodollar Rate for any requested Interest Period with respect to a proposed Eurodollar Rate Loan does not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders of funding such Eurodollar Rate Loan, the Administrative Agent will promptly so notify the Borrower and each Lender. Thereafter, (x) the obligation of the Lenders to make or maintain Eurodollar Rate Loans shall be suspended (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods), and (y) in the event of a determination described in the preceding sentence with respect to the Eurodollar Rate component of the Base Rate, the utilization of the Eurodollar Rate component in determining the Base Rate shall be suspended, in each case until the Administrative Agent (upon instruction of the Required Lenders) revokes such notice (which notice the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders agree to promptly revoke upon determination that the conditions giving rise to such notice no longer exist). Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower may revoke any pending request for the Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Eurodollar Rate Loans (to the extent of the affected Eurodollar Rate Loans or Interest Periods) or, failing that, will be deemed to have converted such request into a request for a Borrowing of Base Rate Loans in the amount specified therein. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Documents: 

(i) On March 5, 2021 the Financial Conduct Authority FCA ), the regulatory supervisor of LIBOR s administrator IBA ), announced in a public statement the future cessation or loss of representativeness of overnight/Spot Next, 1- 

64 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 week, 1-month, 2-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month U.S. dollar LIBOR tenor settings. On the earliest of (A) the date that all Available Tenors of U.S. dollar LIBOR have permanently or indefinitely ceased to be provided by IBA or have been announced by the FCA pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative, (B) June 30, 2023 and (C) the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of a SOFR Early Opt-in, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBOR, the Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. If the Benchmark Replacement is Daily Simple SOFR, all interest payments will be payable on a quarterly basis. 
 
 (ii) Upon (A) the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) a determination by the Administrative Agent that neither of the alternatives under clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement are available, the Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders (and any such objection shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error); provided that solely in the event that the then-current Benchmark at the time of such Benchmark Transition Event is not a SOFR-based rate, the Benchmark Replacement therefor shall be determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement unless the Administrative Agent determines that neither of such alternative rates is available. On the Early Opt-in Effective Date in respect of an Other Rate Early Opt-in, the Benchmark Replacement will replace LIBOR for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any setting of such Benchmark on such day and all subsequent settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

(iii) At any time that the administrator of the then-current Benchmark has permanently or indefinitely ceased to provide such Benchmark or such Benchmark has been announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark pursuant to public statement or publication of information to be no longer representative of the underlying market and economic reality that such Benchmark is intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored, the Borrower may revoke any request for a borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of Loans to be made, converted or continued that would bear interest by reference to such Benchmark until the Borrower s receipt of notice from the Administrative Agent that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced such Benchmark, and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans. During the period referenced in the foregoing sentence, the component of Base Rate based upon the Benchmark will not be used in any determination of Base Rate. 

65 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (iv) In connection with the implementation and administration of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement. 

(v) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (A) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement and (B) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 3.03(b) . 

(vi) At any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (A) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR or LIBOR), then the Administrative Agent may remove any tenor of such Benchmark that is unavailable or non-representative for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings and (B) the Administrative Agent may reinstate any such previously removed tenor for Benchmark (including Benchmark Replacement) settings. 

For the purpose of the foregoing: 
 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then- current Benchmark, as applicable, (x) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period (limited to a one month or three month Interest Period) or (y) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, pursuant to this Agreement as of such date. 
 
 Benchmark means, initially, LIBOR; provided that if a replacement of the Benchmark has occurred pursuant to Section 3.03(b) then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate. Any reference to Benchmark shall include, as applicable, the published component used in the calculation thereof. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement means: 
 
 (1) For purposes of Section 3.03(b)(i) , the first alternative set forth below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: 

(a) the sum of: (i) Term SOFR and (ii) 0.10 (10 basis points) for an Available Tenor of one-month s duration or three-months duration, or 

66 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

67 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (b) the sum of: (i) Daily Simple SOFR and (ii) 0.10 (10 basis points); 

provided that, if initially LIBOR is replaced with the rate contained in clause (b) above (Daily Simple SOFR plus the applicable spread adjustment) and subsequent to such replacement, the Administrative Agent determines that Term SOFR has become available and is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, and the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and each Lender of such availability, then from and after the beginning of the Interest Period, relevant interest payment date or payment period for interest calculated, in each case, commencing no less than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice, the Benchmark Replacement shall be as set forth in clause (a) above; and 
 
 (2) For purposes of Section 3.03(b)(ii) , the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate and (b) an adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero), in each case, that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement Benchmark giving due consideration to any evolving or then-prevailing market convention, including any applicable recommendations made by a Relevant Governmental Body, for U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time; 

provided that, if the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1) or (2) above would be less than zero, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 Any Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner consistent with market practice; provided that to the extent such market practice is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, such Benchmark Replacement shall be applied in a manner as otherwise reasonably determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 
 Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any then-current Benchmark other than LIBOR, the occurrence of a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the then-current Benchmark or a Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such administrator announcing or stating that all Available Tenors are or will no longer be 
 
 68 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 representative, or made available, or used for determining the interest rate of loans, or 

69 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 shall or will otherwise cease, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, that will continue to provide any representative tenors of such Benchmark after such specific date. 
 
 Daily Simple SOFR with respect to any applicable determination date means the secured overnight financing rate SOFR published on such date by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s website (or any successor source). 
 
 Early Opt-in Effective Date means, with respect to any Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. 
 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of: 
 
 (1) a determination by the Administrative Agent, or a notification by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent that the Borrower has made a determination, that 

U.S. dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities currently being executed, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 3.03(b) , are being executed or amended (as applicable) to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace LIBOR, and 
 
 (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. 

Other Rate Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR with a Benchmark Replacement other than a SOFR-based rate pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 3.03(b)(ii) and paragraph (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor thereto. 
 
 SOFR Early Opt-in means the Administrative Agent and the Borrower have elected to replace LIBOR pursuant to (1) an Early Opt-in Election and (2) Section 3.03(b)(i) and paragraph 
 (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement . 
 
 Term SOFR means, for the applicable corresponding tenor (or if any Available Tenor of a Benchmark does not correspond to an Available Tenor for the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the closest corresponding Available Tenor and if such Available Tenor corresponds 
 
 70 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 equally to two Available Tenors of the applicable Benchmark Replacement, the corresponding tenor of the shorter duration shall be applied), the forward-looking term rate based 

71 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. 
 
 Section 3.04	Increased Costs; Reserves on Eurodollar Rate Loans . 
 
 (a) Increased Costs Generally . If any Change in Law shall: 

(i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, compulsory loan, insurance charge or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended or participated in by, any Lender (except any reserve requirement reflected in the Eurodollar Rate contemplated by Section 3.04(e) , other than as set forth below); 

(ii) subject any Lender to any tax of any kind whatsoever with respect to this Agreement or any Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it, or change the basis of taxation of payments to such Lender in respect thereof (except for Indemnified Taxes or Other Taxes covered by Section 3.01 and the imposition of, or any change in the rate of, any Excluded Tax payable by such Lender); 

(iii) [Reserved]; or 

(iv) impose on any Lender or the London interbank eurodollar market any other condition, cost or expense affecting this Agreement or Eurodollar Rate Loans made by such Lender; 

and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender of making or maintaining any Eurodollar Rate Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan), or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender hereunder (whether of principal, interest or any other amount) then, upon request of such Lender, the Borrower will promptly pay to such Lender after the Borrower s receipt of a reasonably detailed invoice therefor (showing in reasonable detail the calculation thereof; provided , that such request for compensation is consistent with such Lender s general practice toward similarly situated borrowers) such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. 
 
 (b) Capital Requirements . If any Lender determines that any Change in Law affecting such Lender or any Lending Office of such Lender or such Lender s holding company, if any, regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s capital or on the capital of such Lender s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of such Lender or the Loans made by such Lender to a level below that which such Lender or such Lender s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s policies and the policies of such Lender s holding company with respect to capital adequacy), then from time to time the Borrower will promptly pay to such Lender after the Borrower s receipt of a reasonably detailed invoice therefor (showing in reasonable detail the calculation thereof; provided , that such request for compensation is consistent with such Lender s general practice toward similarly situated borrowers) such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or such Lender s 

72 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 holding company for any such reduction suffered. 

73 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (c) Certificates for Reimbursement . A certificate of a Lender setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 3.04 and delivered to the Borrower shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within twenty (20) days after receipt thereof. 

(d) Delay in Requests . Failure or delay on the part of any Lender to demand compensation pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s right to demand such compensation, provided that no Borrower shall be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to the foregoing provisions of this Section 3.04 for any increased costs incurred or reductions suffered more than six (6) months prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor (except that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the six-month period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 

(e) Additional Reserve Requirements . The Borrower shall pay to each Lender, (i) as long as such Lender shall be required to maintain reserves with respect to liabilities or assets consisting of or including Eurodollar funds or deposits (currently known as Eurodollar liabilities ), additional interest on the unpaid principal amount of each Eurodollar Rate Loan equal to the actual costs of such reserves allocated to such Loan by such Lender (which allocation shall be consistent with the Lender s general practice toward similarly situated borrowers) (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive, absent manifest error), and (ii) as long as such Lender shall be required to comply with any reserve ratio requirement or analogous requirement of any central banking or financial regulatory authority imposed in respect of the maintenance of the Commitments or the funding of the Eurodollar Rate Loans, such additional costs (expressed as a percentage per annum and rounded upwards, if necessary, to the nearest five decimal places) equal to the actual costs allocated to such Commitment or Loan by such Lender (which allocation shall be consistent with the Lender s general practice toward similarly situated borrowers) (as determined by such Lender in good faith, which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error), which in each case shall be due and payable on each date on which interest is payable on such Loan, provided the Borrower shall have received at least twenty (20) days prior notice (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) of such additional interest or costs from such Lender. If a Lender fails to give notice twenty (20) days prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date, such additional interest or costs shall be due and payable twenty (20) days from receipt of such notice. 

Section 3.05 Compensation for Losses . Upon demand of any Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent) from time to time, the Borrower shall promptly compensate such Lender for and hold such Lender harmless from any reasonable and documented loss and out-of- pocket cost or expense incurred by it as a result of: 
 
 (a) any continuation, conversion, payment or prepayment of any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period for such Loan (whether voluntary, mandatory, automatic, by reason of acceleration, or otherwise); 

74 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (b) any failure by the Borrower (for a reason other than the failure of such Lender to 

75 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 make a Loan) to prepay, borrow, continue or convert any Loan other than a Base Rate Loan on the date or in the amount notified by the Borrower; 
 
 (c) [Reserved]; or 

(d) any assignment of a Eurodollar Rate Loan on a day other than the last day of the Interest Period therefor as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 10.13 ; 

excluding any loss of anticipated profits, but including any foreign exchange losses and any loss or expense arising from the liquidation or reemployment of funds obtained by it to maintain such Loan, from fees payable to terminate the deposits from which such funds were obtained or from the performance of any foreign exchange contract. The Borrower shall also pay any customary administrative fees charged by such Lender in connection with the foregoing. 
 
 For purposes of calculating amounts payable by the Borrower to the Lenders under this Section 3.05 , each Lender shall be deemed to have funded each Eurodollar Rate Loan made by it at the Eurodollar Rate for such Loan by a matching deposit or other borrowing in the London interbank eurodollar market for Dollars for a comparable amount and for a comparable period, whether or not such Eurodollar Rate Loan was in fact so funded. 
 
 Section 3.06	Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders . 
 
 (a) Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender gives a notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , then such Lender shall, as applicable, use reasonable efforts to designate a different Lending Office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 3.01 or 3.04 , as the case may be, in the future, or eliminate the need for the notice pursuant to Section 3.02 , as applicable, and (ii) in each case, would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable and documented costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 

(b) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , the Borrower may replace such Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 . 

Section 3.07 Survival . All of the Borrower s obligations under this Article III shall survive termination of the Aggregate Commitments, repayment of all other Obligations hereunder and resignation of the Administrative Agent. 

76 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 ARTICLE IV. 
 CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING DATE AND FUNDING DATE 
 
 Section 4.01 Conditions to Closing Date . This Agreement shall not become effective until the date on which all of the following conditions have been satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 ): 
 
 (a) The Administrative Agent s receipt of the following, each properly executed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, each dated the Closing Date (or, in the case of certificates of governmental officials, a recent date before the Closing Date) and each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent: 

(i) executed counterparts of this Agreement; 

(ii) Notes executed by the Borrower in favor of each Lender requesting Notes, each of which shall be originals or telecopies (followed promptly by originals); 

(iii) such customary certificates of resolutions or other action, incumbency certificates and/or other certificates of Responsible Officers of the Borrower as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require evidencing the identity, authority and capacity of each Responsible Officer thereof authorized to act as a Responsible Officer in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to which the Borrower is a party; 

(iv) such customary documents and certifications of public officials as the Administrative Agent may reasonably require to evidence that the Borrower is duly organized or formed, and that the Borrower is validly existing and in good standing in its jurisdiction of organization; 

(v) a customary opinion of Proskauer Rose LLP, counsel to the Borrower, reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and addressed to the Administrative Agent and each Lender; 

(vi) [Reserved]; 

(vii) a customary certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower certifying (A) that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(c) and (d) have been satisfied, and (B) that there has been no event or circumstance since the date of the Audited Financial Statements that has had or could be reasonably expected to have, either individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect; and 

(viii) (x) at least three (3) Business Days prior to the Closing Date (or such shorter period as agreed by the Arranger), all documentation and other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable know-your-customer and anti- money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA Patriot Act, to the extent requested of 

77 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 the Borrower in writing not fewer than seven (7) Business Days prior to the Closing Date and (y) at least three (3) days prior to the Closing Date (or such shorter 

78 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 period as agreed by the Arranger), to the extent the borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under 31 C.F.R. 1010.230 (the Beneficial Ownership Regulation ), a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation (the Beneficial Ownership Certification ). 
 
 (b) Any fees required to be paid hereunder and pursuant to the Fee Letters on or before the Closing Date shall have been paid. 

(c) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent payable hereunder and invoiced prior to the Closing Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the Closing Date provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 

Without limiting the generality of the provisions of the last paragraph of Section 9.03 , for purposes of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01 , each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have consented to, approved or accepted or to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required thereunder to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Closing Date specifying its objection thereto. 
 
 Section 4.02 Conditions to Funding Date . No Lender shall have an obligation to make any Loan hereunder until each of the following conditions has been satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 10.01 ): 
 
 (a) [Reserved] 

(b) The Closing Date shall have occurred. 

(c) The representations and warranties of (i) the Borrower contained in Article V and 

(ii) the Borrower contained in each other Loan Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent any such representation and warranty is otherwise qualified by materiality, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct in all respects) on and as of the date of the Borrowing (as set forth in a Committed Loan Notice), except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they shall be true and correct as of such earlier date. 
 
 (d) No Default or Event of Default exists or would result from the Borrowing or the application of the proceeds thereof. 

(e) The Administrative Agent has received a Committed Loan Notice in accordance with Section 2.02 which sets forth a date for the Borrowing that is within the Availability Period. 

79 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

(f) Any fees required to be paid hereunder and pursuant to the Fee Letters on or 

80 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 before the Funding Date shall have been paid. 
 
 (g) Unless waived by the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall have paid all reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent (directly to such counsel if requested by the Administrative Agent) to the extent payable hereunder and invoiced prior to the Funding Date, plus such additional amounts of such fees, charges and disbursements as shall constitute its reasonable estimate of such fees, charges and disbursements incurred or to be incurred by it through the Funding Date provided that such estimate shall not thereafter preclude a final settling of accounts between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent). 

The Committed Loan Notice for the Borrowing shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in Sections 4.02(c) and (d) have been satisfied on and as of the requested date of the Borrowing (as set forth in a Committed Loan Notice). 
 
 ARTICLE V. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 
 The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: 
 
 Section 5.01 Existence, Qualification and Power . The Borrower and each other Group Member (a) is duly organized or formed, validly existing and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization, (b) has all requisite corporate or organizational power and authority and all requisite governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals to (i) own or lease its assets and carry on its business and 
 (ii) in the case of the Borrower, execute, deliver and perform its obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, and (c) is duly qualified and is licensed and, as applicable, in good standing under the Laws of each jurisdiction where its ownership, lease or operation of properties or the conduct of its business requires such qualification or license; except in each case referred to in clauses (a) (other than with respect to the Borrower), (b)(i) or (c), to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 5.02 Authorization; No Contravention . The execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of each Loan Document to which it is party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or other organizational action, and do not and will not (a) contravene the terms of any of the Borrower s Organization Documents; (b) conflict with or result in any breach or contravention of, or the creation of any Lien under, or require any payment to be made under any order, injunction, writ or decree of any Governmental Authority or any arbitral award to which the Borrower or its property is subject; or (c) violate any Law. 
 
 Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization; Other Consents . No approval, consent, exemption, authorization, or other action by, or notice to, or filing with, any Governmental Authority or any other Person is necessary or required in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by the Borrower of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 Section 5.04 Binding Effect . This Agreement has been, and each other Loan Document, 
 
 81 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 when delivered hereunder, will have been, duly executed and delivered by the 

82 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Borrower. This Agreement constitutes, and each other Loan Document when so delivered will constitute, a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower, enforceable against the Borrower in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar Laws affecting the enforcement of creditor s rights generally. 
 
 Section 5.05	Financial Statements; No Material Adverse Effect . 
 
 (a) The Audited Financial Statements (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein and (ii) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the date thereof and their results of operations for the period covered thereby in accordance with GAAP consistently applied throughout the period covered thereby, except as otherwise expressly noted therein. 

(b) As of the Closing Date, except with respect to the Disclosed Matters, since the date of the Audited Financial Statements, there has been no event or circumstance, either individually or in the aggregate, that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

Section 5.06 Litigation . Except with respect to the Disclosed Matters, there are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened in writing, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries that are Group Members or against any of their properties or revenues that (a) purport to affect or pertain to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or any of the transactions contemplated hereby, or (b) are reasonably likely to result in an adverse determination and, if determined adversely, would reasonably be expected, either individually or in the aggregate, to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 5.07 No Default . Neither the Borrower nor any Group Member is in default under or with respect to any Contractual Obligation, which default would, either individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. No Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the consummation by the Borrower of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 
 Section 5.08 Ownership of Property; Liens . Each of the Borrower and each Group Member has marketable title in fee simple to, or valid leasehold interests in, all real property necessary or used in the ordinary conduct of its business, except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The property of the Borrower and each Group Member is subject to no Liens, other than Liens permitted by Section 7.01 . 
 
 Section 5.09 Environmental Compliance . The Borrower and each Group Member, conducts in the ordinary course of business a review of the effect of existing Environmental Laws and claims alleging potential liability or responsibility for violation of any Environmental Law on their respective businesses, operations and properties, and as a result thereof the Borrower has reasonably concluded that such Environmental Laws and claims would not, individually or in the 
 
 83 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 

84 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 5.10 Insurance . The properties of the Borrower and each Group Member are insured with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower (other than in the case of self-insurance), in such amounts (after giving effect to any self- insurance compatible with the following standards), with such deductibles and covering such risks as, in the good faith business judgment of the Borrower, prudent for companies engaged in similar businesses and owning similar properties in localities where the Borrower or the applicable Group Member operates. 
 
 Section 5.11 Taxes . The Borrower and each Group Member have filed all Federal, material state and other material tax returns and reports required to be filed, and have paid all Federal, material state and other material taxes, assessments, fees and other governmental charges levied or imposed upon them or their properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable, except those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. There is no proposed tax assessment against the Borrower or any Group Member that would, if made, have a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Borrower nor any Group Member is party to any tax sharing agreement. 
 
 Section 5.12	ERISA Compliance . 
 
 (a) Each Plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and other Federal or state laws other than any non-compliance that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Pension Plan and to the knowledge of the Borrower, each Multiemployer Plan that is intended to be a qualified plan under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that the form of such Plan is qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code and the trust related thereto has been determined by the Internal Revenue Service to be exempt from Federal income tax under Section 501(a) of the Code, or an application for such a letter has been timely submitted to the Internal Revenue Service. To the knowledge of the Borrower, nothing has occurred that would reasonably be expected to prevent or cause the loss of such tax-qualified status. 

(b) There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Borrower, threatened claims, actions or lawsuits, or action by any Governmental Authority, with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. There has been no non-exempt prohibited transaction or violation of the fiduciary responsibility rules with respect to any Plan that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(c) Except as disclosed in Schedule 5.12(c) hereto, or with respect to the occurrence of an event described in clause (ii) through (v) below, as would not reasonably be expected to result in liability of the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, (i) no ERISA Event has occurred, and neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate is aware of any fact, event or circumstance that would reasonably be expected to constitute or result in an ERISA Event with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan; 

(ii) the Borrower and each ERISA Affiliate has met all applicable requirements under the Pension Funding Rules in respect of each Pension Plan, and no waiver of the minimum funding standards 
 
 85 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 under the Pension Funding Rules has been applied for or obtained; (iii) as of the most 

86 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 recent valuation date for any Pension Plan, the funding target attainment percentage (as defined in Section 430(d)(2) of the Code) is 60 or higher and neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate knows of any facts or circumstances that would reasonably be expected to cause the funding target attainment percentage for any such plan to drop below 60 as of the most recent valuation date; (iv) neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate has engaged in a transaction that would be subject to Section 4069 or Section 4212(c) of ERISA; and (v) no Pension Plan has been terminated by the plan administrator thereof nor by the PBGC, and no event or circumstance has occurred or exists that would reasonably be expected to cause the PBGC to institute proceedings under Title IV of ERISA to terminate any Pension Plan. 
 
 (d) As of the Closing Date, neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate maintains or contributes to, or has any unsatisfied obligation to contribute to, or liability under, any active or terminated Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan other than those listed on Schedule 5.12(d) hereto. 

(e) With respect to each employee benefit scheme or arrangement mandated by a government other than the United States (a Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement and with respect to each employee benefit plan maintained or contributed to by the Borrower or any Group Member that is not subject to United States law (a Foreign Plan ): (i) any employer and employee contributions required by law or by the terms of any Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement or any Foreign Plan have been made, or, if applicable, accrued, in accordance with normal accounting practices; (ii) the fair market value of the assets of each funded Foreign Plan, the liability of each insurer for any Foreign Plan funded through insurance or the book reserve established for any Foreign Plan, together with any accrued contributions, is sufficient to procure or provide for the accrued benefit obligations, as of the date hereof, with respect to all current and former participants in such Foreign Plan according to the actuarial assumptions and valuations most recently used to account for such obligations in accordance with applicable generally accepted accounting principles; and (iii) each Foreign Plan required to be registered has been registered and has been maintained in good standing with applicable regulatory authorities, except, in each case of clauses (i) (iii), as where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

(f) As of the Closing Date, the Borrower is not and will not be using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments. 

Section 5.13 Subsidiaries; Equity Interests . As of the Closing Date, the Borrower has no Subsidiaries other than those specifically disclosed in Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 , and all of the outstanding Equity Interests in such Subsidiaries have been validly issued, are fully paid and nonassessable (to the extent such concept is applicable) and are owned by the Borrower or another Subsidiary of the Borrower in the amounts specified on Part (a) of Schedule 5.13 free and clear of all Liens (other than any non-consensual Liens permitted by Section 7.01 ). As of the Closing Date, the Borrower has no equity investments in any other corporation or entity other than those specifically disclosed in Part (b) of Schedule 5.13 . All of the outstanding Equity Interests in the Borrower have been validly issued and are fully paid and nonassessable. 

87 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 5.14	Margin Regulations; Investment Company Act . 
 
 (a) The Borrower is not engaged nor will engage, principally or as one of its important activities, in the business of purchasing or carrying margin stock (within the meaning of Regulation U issued by the FRB) (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt any (a) repurchases of the Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary and (b) acquisitions consummated in accordance with Section 7.02 ), or extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying margin stock. 

(b) None of the Borrower or any Subsidiary is or is required to be registered as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. 

Section 5.15 Disclosure . No written report, financial statement, certificate or other information, other than general economic or specific industry or other forward-looking information, including financial projections, furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and the negotiation of this Agreement or delivered hereunder or under any other Loan Document (in each case, taken as a whole and as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished) contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to any projected financial information, the Borrower represents only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. The projections and pro forma financial information contained in the materials referenced above are based upon good faith estimates and assumptions believed by management of the Borrower to be reasonable at the time made, it being recognized by the Lenders that such financial information as it relates to future events is not be viewed as fact and that actual results during the period or periods covered by such financial information may differ from the projected results set forth therein by a material amount. 
 
 Section 5.16 Compliance with Laws . The Borrower and each Group Member is in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its properties, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted or (b) the failure to comply therewith, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 5.17	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 5.18 Intellectual Property; Licenses, Etc . The Borrower and each Group Member own, or possess the right to use, all of the trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights, patents, patent rights, franchises, licenses and other intellectual property rights (collectively, IP Rights used in the conduct of the operation of their respective businesses, without, to the knowledge of the Borrower, conflict with the rights of any other Person other than any such conflict that would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 5.19	OFAC .	Neither the Borrower, nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor, to the 
 
 88 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

89 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates or representatives thereof, is an individual or entity currently the subject of any Sanctions, nor is the Borrower or any Subsidiary located, organized or resident in a Designated Jurisdiction. 
 
 Section 5.20 AML Laws, Anti-Corruption Laws . The Borrower has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by the Borrower, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers and employees with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable AML Laws. None of (a) the Borrower or any Subsidiary or (b) to the knowledge of the Borrower, any of their respective directors, officers or employees is in violation of AML Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws. Neither the Borrowing, the use of proceeds nor any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement will cause a violation of AML Laws or Anti- Corruption Laws by the Borrower, or any Subsidiary of the Borrower. 
 
 Section 5.21 EEA Financial Institutions. The Borrower is not an EEA Financial Institution. 
 
 ARTICLE VI. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, the Borrower shall, and shall (except in the case of the covenants set forth in Sections 6.01 , 6.02 , and 6.03 cause each Group Member to: 
 
 Section 6.01 Financial Statements . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender: 
 
 (a) as soon as available, but in any event within ninety (90) days after the end of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021), a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal year, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail and prepared in accordance with GAAP, audited and accompanied by (i) a report and opinion of an independent certified public accountant of nationally recognized standing, which report and opinion shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted auditing standards and shall not be subject to any going concern or like qualification or exception (other than any qualification or exception in the last year of this Agreement and due solely to the impending maturity of the Loans hereunder) or any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit; and 

(b) as soon as available, but in any event within 45 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters of each fiscal year of the Borrower (commencing with the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2022), a consolidated balance sheet of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as at the end of such fiscal quarter, and the related consolidated statements of income or operations for such fiscal quarter and for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended, and the related consolidated statements of changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the portion of the Borrower s fiscal year then ended, in each case setting forth in each case in 

90 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

91 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 comparative form, as applicable, the figures for the corresponding fiscal quarter of the previous fiscal year and the corresponding portion of the previous fiscal year, all in reasonable detail, certified by the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or controller of the Borrower as fairly presenting the financial condition, results of operations, shareholders equity and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries in accordance with GAAP, subject only to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes. 
 
 As to any information contained in materials furnished pursuant to Section 6.02(b) , the Borrower shall not be separately required to furnish such information under clause (a) or (b) above, but the foregoing shall not be in derogation of the obligation of the Borrower to furnish the information and materials described in clauses (a) and (b) above at the times specified therein. 
 
 Section 6.02 Certificates; Other Information . Deliver to the Administrative Agent and each Lender, in form and detail satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Required Lenders: 
 
 (a) concurrently with the delivery of the financial statements referred to in Sections 6.01(a) and (b) , a duly completed Compliance Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower; 

(b) promptly after the same are available, copies of each annual report, proxy or financial statement or other report or communication sent to the stockholders of the Borrower, and all annual, regular, periodic and special reports and registration statements which the Borrower may file or be required to file with the SEC under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(c) promptly after the furnishing thereof, copies of any statement or report furnished to any holder of public or otherwise syndicated debt securities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof pursuant to the terms of any indenture, loan or credit or similar agreement and not otherwise required to be furnished to the Lenders pursuant to Section 6.01 or any other clause of this Section 6.02 ; and 

(d) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof by the Borrower or any Group Member, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the SEC (or comparable agency in any applicable non-U.S. jurisdiction) concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of the Borrower or any Group Member; provided that the Borrower or such Group Member are not explicitly prohibited (in writing) by the SEC (or such comparable agency) from furnishing such notice or such other correspondence to any Person; and 

(e) promptly, such additional information regarding the business, financial or corporate affairs of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, or compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may from time to time reasonably request. 

Documents required to be delivered pursuant to Section 6.01 or Section 6.02 (to the extent any such documents are included in materials otherwise filed with the SEC) may be 
 
 92 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

93 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 delivered electronically and if so delivered, shall be deemed to have been delivered on the date (i) on which the Borrower posts such documents, or provides a link thereto on the Borrower s website on the Internet at the website address listed on Schedule 10.02 ; or (ii) on which such documents are posted on the Borrower s behalf on an Internet or intranet website, if any, to which each Lender and the Administrative Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or administered by the SEC or sponsored by the Administrative Agent); provided that: (i) the Administrative Agent shall deliver paper copies of such documents to any Lender upon its request to the Borrower to deliver such paper copies until a written request to cease delivering paper copies is given by such Lender and (ii) the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent, who shall notify each Lender (by telecopier or electronic mail) of the posting of any such documents and, upon the reasonable request of the Administrative Agent, provide to the Administrative Agent by electronic mail electronic versions i.e. , soft copies) of such documents. 
 
 The Borrower hereby acknowledges that (a) the Administrative Agent and/or the Arranger will make available to the Lenders materials and/or information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials by posting the Borrower Materials on IntraLinks or another similar electronic system (the Platform and (b) certain of the Lenders (each, a Public Lender may have personnel who do not wish to receive material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its respective Affiliates, or the respective securities of any of the foregoing, and who may be engaged in investment and other market- related activities with respect to such Persons securities. The Borrower hereby agrees that (w) all Borrower Materials that are to be made available to Public Lenders shall be clearly and conspicuously marked PUBLIC which, at a minimum, shall mean that the word PUBLIC shall appear prominently on the first page thereof; (x) by marking Borrower Materials PUBLIC , the Borrower shall be deemed to have authorized the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders to treat the Borrower Materials as not containing any material non- public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal and state securities laws provided , however , that to the extent the Borrower Materials constitute Information, they shall be treated as set forth in Section 10.07 ); (y) all Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated Public Side Information and (z) the Administrative Agent and the Arranger shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not designated Public Side Information . 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower shall not be under any obligation to mark any Borrower Materials PUBLIC unless the Borrower wants to make Borrower Materials available to Public Lenders. 
 
 Section 6.03 Notices . Promptly notify the Administrative Agent, who shall notify each Lender: 
 
 (a) of the occurrence of any Default; 

(b) of any matter that has resulted or would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, including (i) breach or non-performance of, or any default under, a Contractual Obligation of the Borrower or any Group Member; (ii) any dispute, litigation, 

94 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

95 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 investigation, proceeding or suspension between the Borrower or any Group Member and any Governmental Authority; or (iii) the commencement of, or any material development in, any litigation or proceeding affecting the Borrower or any Group Member, including pursuant to any applicable Environmental Laws; 
 
 (c) of the occurrence of any ERISA Event which, individually or in the aggregate with other ongoing ERISA Events, would reasonably be expected to result in an Event of Default under Section 8.01(i) ; 

(d) of any material change in accounting policies or financial reporting practices by the Borrower; and 

(e) of any announcement by Moody s or S P of any change or possible change in a Credit Rating. 

Each notice pursuant to this Section 6.03 (other than Section 6.03(e)) shall be accompanied by a statement of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth details of the occurrence referred to therein and stating what action, if any, the Borrower has taken and proposes to take with respect thereto. Each notice pursuant to Section 6.03(a) shall describe with particularity any and all provisions of this Agreement and any other Loan Document that have been breached. 
 
 Section 6.04 Payment of Taxes . Pay and discharge promptly, all Taxes (including any withholding Taxes required by law to be paid by the Borrower), assessments, and governmental charges or levies imposed upon it, upon its property or any part thereof, upon its income or profits or any part thereof, in each case that, individually or in the aggregate, are material to the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, considered as a whole, or upon any right or interest of the Lenders under any Loan Document; except that the Borrower and its Subsidiaries shall not be required to pay or cause to be paid (a) any income or gross receipts Tax generally applicable to banks or (b) any Tax, assessment, charge, or levy that is not yet past due, or is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, as long as the relevant entity has established and maintains adequate reserves in accordance with GAAP for the payment of the same and by reason of such nonpayment no material property necessary in the ordinary course of the business of the Borrower is in danger of being lost or forfeited. 
 
 Section 6.05 Preservation of Existence, Etc . (a) Preserve, renew and maintain in full force and effect its legal existence and good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction of its organization except in a transaction permitted by Section 7.04 or 7.05 ; (b) take all commercially reasonable action to maintain all rights, privileges, permits, licenses and franchises necessary or desirable in the normal conduct of its business, except to the extent that failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; and (c) renew and use commercially reasonable efforts to preserve or renew all of its registered patents, trademarks, trade names and service marks, the non-preservation of which would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 6.06 Maintenance of Properties . (a) Maintain all of its material properties and equipment necessary in the operation of its business in good working order and condition, 
 
 96 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

97 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 ordinary wear and tear excepted and (b) make all necessary repairs thereto and renewals and replacements thereof except where the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 6.07 Maintenance of Insurance . Maintain with financially sound and reputable insurance companies not Affiliates of the Borrower, insurance with respect to its properties and business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily insured against by Persons engaged in the same or similar business, of such types and in such amounts (after giving effect to any self-insurance compatible with the following standards) as are prudent in the good faith business judgment of the Borrower. 
 
 Section 6.08 Compliance with Laws . Comply in all material respects with the requirements of all Laws and all orders, writs, injunctions and decrees applicable to it or to its business or property, except in such instances in which (a) such requirement of Law or order, writ, injunction or decree is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted; or (b) the failure to comply therewith would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 
 Section 6.09 Books and Records . Maintain proper books of record and account, in which, in all material respects, full, true and correct entries in conformity in all material respects with GAAP (to the extent applicable) consistently applied shall be made of all financial transactions and matters involving the assets and business of the Borrower or such Group Member, as the case may be. 
 
 Section 6.10 Inspection Rights . Permit representatives and independent contractors of the Administrative Agent and each Lender to visit and reasonably inspect non-intrusively any of its properties, to examine its corporate, financial and operating records, and make copies thereof or abstracts therefrom, and to discuss its affairs, finances and accounts with its directors, officers, and independent public accountants (and the Borrower shall be afforded opportunity to participate in such discussion) and at such reasonable times during normal business hours and no more than one (1) time per calendar year, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower; it being understood and agreed that the Borrower shall not be obligated to reimburse any expenses incurred in connection with any such visitations or inspections; provided, however, that when a Default or an Event of Default exists the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or any of their respective representatives or independent contractors) may do any of the foregoing at the expense of the Borrower at any time during normal business hours, with at least one (1) Business Day s advance notice and as often as reasonably desired. 
 
 Section 6.11 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Borrowing for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and payment of related fees and expenses. 
 
 ARTICLE VII. NEGATIVE COVENANTS 
 
 So long as any Lender shall have any Commitment hereunder or any Loan or other 
 
 98 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied, the Borrower shall not, nor shall it permit any Group Member to, directly or indirectly: 

99 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 7.01	Liens . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Lien upon any of its property, assets or revenues, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, other than the following: 
 
 (a) Liens pursuant to the Revolving Credit Agreement and any loan document related thereto; 

(b) Liens pursuant to any Loan Document; 

(c) Liens existing on the date hereof and listed on Schedule 7.01 and any renewals, refinancings or extensions thereof, provided that (i) the property covered thereby is not changed (other than fixtures, additions or improvements thereon), (ii) the amount secured or benefited thereby is not increased (other than any termination or financing fees incurred in connection with such renewal, refinancing or extension) and (iii) no additional direct or contingent obligors are joined with respect thereto; 

(d) Liens for Taxes, assessments or governmental levies not yet due or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person in accordance with GAAP; 

(e) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s or other like Liens arising in the ordinary course of business which are not overdue for a period of more than thirty (30) days or which are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted, if adequate reserves with respect thereto are maintained on the books of the applicable Person; 

(f) pledges or deposits in the ordinary course of business in connection with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security legislation, other than any Lien imposed by ERISA; 

(g) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts and leases (other than Indebtedness), statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature incurred in the ordinary course of business; 

(h) easements, rights-of-way, restrictions, licenses, covenants and other similar encumbrances affecting real property which do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially interfere with the ordinary conduct of the business of the applicable Person; 

(i) Liens securing judgments for the payment of money not constituting an Event of Default under Section 8.01(h) ; 

(j) Liens securing Capital Leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets (or any fixtures, additions or improvements thereon); provided , however , that, subject to clause (k) below, the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness shall not exceed 125,000,000 at any time; provided , further that (i) such Liens do not at any time encumber any property other than the property financed by such Indebtedness, together with any 

100 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 fixtures, additions or improvements thereon, (ii) such Liens shall be created within 180 days of the acquisition of such fixed or capital assets or such fixtures, additions or 

101 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 improvements thereon and (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the lower of cost or fair market value, as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith, of the property being acquired on the date of acquisition, together with the cost of any such fixtures, additions or improvements (the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), collectively, the Capital Lease Lien Requirements ); 
 
 (k) Liens securing Indebtedness (including, for the avoidance of doubt, Capital Leases, Synthetic Lease Obligations and purchase money obligations for fixed or capital assets (or any fixtures, additions or improvements thereon) in excess of the amount permitted to be incurred under Section 7.01(j) , but subject to the Capital Lease Lien Requirements) that is either 

(i) permitted to be incurred by the Borrower under this Agreement or (ii) permitted to be incurred under Section 7.03(d) ; provided that in no event shall the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness exceed, at the time of incurrence, twelve and a half percent (12.5 of the Borrower s consolidated total assets as reflected in the most recent annual audited consolidated financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , giving pro forma effect to any Material Acquisition since the date of such most recent financial statements as if it had occurred on the first day of such relevant financial statement period; 
 
 (l) Leases or subleases which do not materially interfere with the ordinary course of business of the applicable Person; 

(m) Rights to setoff with respect to deposit accounts in the ordinary course of business; 

(n) Liens on property or assets acquired pursuant to an acquisition permitted under this Agreement (and the proceeds thereof) or assets of a Group Member of the Borrower in existence at the time such Group Member is acquired pursuant to an acquisition permitted under this Agreement and not created in contemplation thereof; 

(o) Receipt of progress payments and advances from customers in the ordinary course of business to the extent the same creates a Lien on the related inventory or proceeds thereof; 

(p) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of Law; 

(q) Licenses of IP Rights in the ordinary course of business; and 

(r) any interest of title of a lessor under, and Liens arising from precautionary UCC financing statements (or equivalent filings, registrations or agreements in foreign jurisdictions) relating to, leases permitted by this Agreement. 

Section 7.02	Investments . Make any Investments, except: 
 
 (a) Investments held by the Borrower or any Group Member in the form of cash equivalents; 

(b) Investments by the Borrower or any Group Member in (i) the Borrower or any Group Member or (ii) any Immaterial Subsidiary; 

102 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

(c) advances to officers, directors and employees of the Borrower, the Group 

103 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Members or any Immaterial Subsidiary in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding, for travel, entertainment, relocation and analogous ordinary business purposes; 
 
 (d) Investments consisting of extensions of credit in the nature of accounts receivable or notes receivable arising from the grant of trade credit in the ordinary course of business, and Investments received in satisfaction or partial satisfaction thereof from financially troubled account debtors to the extent reasonably necessary in order to prevent or limit loss; 

(e) Investments in existence on the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 7.02 and any renewals, refinancings or extensions thereof that do not increase the principal amount thereof after giving effect to such renewal, refinancing or extension; 

(f) Investments in Joint Ventures; provided , that at the time of such Investment no Default or Event of Default shall then exist and no Default or Event of Default would result from such Investment; and 

(g) other than Investments permitted under Section 7.02(f) , Investments not otherwise permitted under this Section 7.02 ; provided , that at the time of such Investment no Default or Event of Default shall then exist and no Default or Event of Default would result from such Investment. 

Section 7.03	Subsidiary Indebtedness . Create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness of any Subsidiary of the Borrower that is a Group Member, except: 
 
 (a) Indebtedness secured by Liens permitted under Section 7.01 other than Section 7.01(k) ; 

(b) Indebtedness in existence on the Closing Date and set forth in Schedule 7.03 ; 

(c) intercompany Indebtedness to the extent the corresponding Investment is permitted by Section 7.02(b) ; 

(d) Indebtedness incurred by Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are Group Members; provided that the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Indebtedness shall in no event exceed, at the time of incurrence, twelve and a half percent (12.5 of the Borrower s consolidated total assets as reflected in the most recent annual audited consolidated financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , giving pro forma effect to any Material Acquisition since the date of such most recent financial statements as if it had occurred on the first day of such relevant financial statement period, minus the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of the Borrower that is outstanding at the time of such incurrence and that is secured by a Lien pursuant to Section 7.01(k) ; and 

(e) Indebtedness incurred by Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are Group Members consisting of Guarantees of Indebtedness of the Borrower; provided that for so long as any such Subsidiaries guarantee any such Indebtedness of the Borrower pursuant to this Section 7.03(e) , such Subsidiaries shall guarantee the Obligations equally and ratably on the same or more favorable terms and conditions and, if requested by the Administrative Agent, shall deliver to the 

104 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Administrative Agent customary legal opinions relating to any such guarantee of the Obligations 

105 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 7.04 Fundamental Changes . Merge, dissolve, liquidate, consolidate with or into another Person, or Dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) assets constituting all or substantially all of the assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries to or in favor of any Person, except that, so long as no Event of Default exists or would result therefrom: 
 
 (a) any Subsidiary may merge with (i) the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be the continuing or surviving Person, or (ii) any one or more other Subsidiaries; 

(b) any Subsidiary may Dispose of all or substantially all of its assets (upon voluntary liquidation or otherwise) to the Borrower or to another Subsidiary; and 

(c) the Borrower or any Group Member may make any Disposition permitted by Section 7.05 (other than Section 7.05(e) ). 

Section 7.05 Dispositions . Make any Disposition or enter into any agreement to make any Disposition, except: 
 
 (a) Dispositions of surplus, obsolete or worn out property, or any property no longer used or usable in the ordinary conduct of business of the applicable Person, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, in the ordinary course of business; 

(b) Dispositions of inventory in the ordinary course of business; 

(c) Dispositions of equipment or real property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such Disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; 

(d) Dispositions of property by the Borrower or any Group Member to (i) the Borrower or any Group Member or (ii) an Immaterial Subsidiary; 

(e) Dispositions permitted by Section 7.04 (other than Section 7.04(c) ); 

(f) non-exclusive licenses of IP Rights in the ordinary course of business; 

(g) Dispositions by the Borrower and Group Members not otherwise permitted under this Section 7.05 ; provided that (i) at the time of such Disposition, no Default shall exist or would result from such Disposition and (ii) the aggregate book value of all property Disposed of in reliance on this clause (g) shall not exceed in the aggregate, on the date of such Disposition, including any Disposition to be made on such date of determination, twenty percent (20 per annum of the Borrower s consolidated total assets as reflected in the most recent annual audited consolidated financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 6.01(a) , giving pro forma effect to any Material Acquisition since the date of such most recent financial statements as if it had 

106 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 occurred on the first day of such relevant financial statement period; 

107 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (h) Dispositions, discounts or forgiveness of accounts receivable in connection with the collection or compromise thereof in the ordinary course of business; 

(i) the abandonment, termination or other Disposition of IP Rights in the ordinary course of business; 

(j) Dispositions or use of cash and cash equivalents in the ordinary course of business or any transaction permitted hereunder; and 

(k) Dispositions of accounts receivable pursuant to any transaction set forth in Schedule 7.05(k) hereto (a Scheduled Disposition or any other ongoing receivables sales programs substantially similar to any such Scheduled Disposition and with customary market terms and conditions or otherwise not materially less favorable to the Borrower than such Scheduled Disposition; provided , that the aggregate principal amount of the accounts receivable subject to all such transactions shall not exceed 250,000,000 at any time; 

provided , however , that any Disposition pursuant to clauses (b), (c), (g) and (j) shall be for fair market value, as reasonably determined by the applicable Person in good faith. 
 
 Section 7.06	[Reserved] 
 
 Section 7.07 Change in Nature of Business . Engage in any material line of business substantially different from those lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof or any business substantially related or incidental thereto or reasonable extensions thereof; provided , that the manufacturing, marketing, distribution and sale of any consumer product (whether or not similar to any product sold by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) shall not be considered to be substantially different from the lines of business conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date. 
 
 Section 7.08 Transactions with Affiliates . Enter into any transaction of any kind with any Affiliate of the Borrower, whether or not in the ordinary course of business, other than on terms substantially as favorable to the Borrower or such Group Member as would be obtainable by the Borrower or such Group Member at the time in a comparable arm s length transaction with a Person other than an Affiliate, provided that the foregoing restriction shall not apply to: 
 
 (a) indemnification or compensation of, and reimbursement of expenses to, directors and officers of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and the issuance of Equity Interests thereto that are permitted hereunder; 

(b) transactions between and among the Borrower and the Group Members and their Subsidiaries permitted hereunder; and 

(c) transactions between and among the Borrower and the Group Members and Joint Ventures permitted hereunder. 

Section 7.09 Burdensome Agreements . Enter into any Contractual Obligation (other than 
 
 108 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (x) this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) the Revolving Credit Agreement or any loan document related thereto in each case of this clause (y), as in effect on the date hereof) 

109 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 that limits the ability (a) of any Group Member to make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Group Member or to otherwise transfer property to the Borrower or any Group Member or 
 (b) of any Group Member to Guarantee the Indebtedness of the Borrower. 
 
 Section 7.10 Use of Proceeds . Use the proceeds of the Borrowing, nor will the Borrower allow any of its Subsidiaries to use the proceeds of the Borrowing, for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock in any manner that would cause any Lender to be in violation of Regulation U, of the FRB (or any other regulation of the FRB) or the Exchange Act, in each case as in effect on the date of the Borrowing and the date or dates of the use of such proceeds. 
 
 Section 7.11 Financial Covenant . Permit the Consolidated Leverage Ratio as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, for the Measurement Period then ended, to be greater than 
 3.75:1.00; provided that (i) the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall increase to 4.25:1.00 for the twelve (12) month period commencing upon the consummation of the Acquisition and (ii) except in the case of the Acquisition, which shall be subject to clause (i) above, if the Borrower shall have satisfied the Financial Covenant Step-Up Requirement, the Consolidated Leverage Ratio shall increase to 4.25:1.00 for the 12 month period commencing on the date the Borrower or any Subsidiary consummates any Material Acquisition. 
 
 Section 7.12 Sanctions . Directly or indirectly, use the proceeds of the Borrowing, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other individual or entity, to fund any activities of or business with any individual or entity, or in any Designated Jurisdiction, that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of Sanctions, or in any other manner that will result in a violation by a Lender, an Arranger or the Administrative Agent of Sanctions. 
 
 Section 7.13 AML Laws; Anti-Corruption Laws . Directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the Borrowing for any purpose which would be in violation of any AML Laws or Anti-Corruption Laws. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII. 
 EVENTS OF DEFAULT AND REMEDIES 
 
 Section 8.01	Events of Default .	Any of the following shall constitute an Event of Default: 
 
 (a) Non-Payment . The Borrower fails to pay (i) when and as required to be paid herein any amount of principal of any Loan, or (ii) within three (3) Business Days after the same becomes due, any interest on any Loan, or any fee due hereunder, or (iii) within five (5) Business Days after the same becomes due, any other amount payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document; or 

(b) Specific Covenants . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any term, covenant or agreement contained in any of Sections 6.01 , 6.03(a) , 6.05(a) (solely with respect to the Borrower), 6.10 or 6.11 or Article VII ; or 

110 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (c) Other Defaults . The Borrower fails to perform or observe any other covenant or agreement (not specified in subsection (a) or (b) above) contained in any Loan Document on its part to be performed or observed and such failure continues for thirty (30) days after notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (given at the request of any Lender) to the Borrower; or 

(d) Representations and Warranties . Any representation, warranty, certification or statement of fact made or deemed made by the Borrower herein or in any other Loan Document shall be incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or deemed made; or 

(e) Cross-Default . (i) The Borrower or any Group Member (A) fails to make any payment when due (whether by scheduled maturity, required prepayment, acceleration, demand, or otherwise) in respect of any Indebtedness or Guarantee (other than Indebtedness hereunder and Indebtedness under Swap Contracts) having an aggregate principal amount (including undrawn committed or available amounts and including amounts owing to all creditors under any combined or syndicated credit arrangement) of more than the Threshold Amount and such failure continues after the expiration of the applicable grace period, if any, or (B) fails to observe or perform any other agreement or condition relating to any such Indebtedness or Guarantee or contained in any instrument or agreement evidencing, securing or relating thereto, or any other event occurs, which, in any case, shall continue unremedied after expiration of any applicable grace period, the effect of which default or other event is to cause, or to permit the holder or holders of such Indebtedness or the beneficiary or beneficiaries of such Guarantee (or a trustee or agent on behalf of such holder or holders or beneficiary or beneficiaries) to cause, with the giving of notice if required, such Indebtedness to be demanded or to become due or to be repurchased, prepaid, defeased or redeemed (automatically or otherwise), or an offer to repurchase, prepay, defease or redeem such Indebtedness to be made, prior to its stated maturity, or such Guarantee to become payable or cash collateral in respect thereof to be demanded; or (ii) there occurs under any Swap Contract an Early Termination Date (as defined in such Swap Contract) resulting from (A) any event of default under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is the Defaulting Party (as defined in such Swap Contract) or (B) any Termination Event (as so defined) under such Swap Contract as to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary is an Affected Party (as so defined) and, in either event, the Swap Termination Value owed by the Borrower or such Subsidiary as a result thereof is greater than the Threshold Amount; or 

(f) Insolvency Proceedings, Etc . The Borrower or any Group Member institutes or consents to the institution of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, or makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors; or applies for or consents to the appointment of any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer for it or for all or any material part of its property; or any receiver, trustee, custodian, conservator, liquidator, rehabilitator or similar officer is appointed without the application or consent of such Person and the appointment continues undischarged or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days; or any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law relating to any such Person or to all or any material part of its property is instituted without the consent of such Person and continues undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) calendar days, or an order for relief is entered in any such proceeding; or 

(g) Inability to Pay Debts; Attachment . (i) The Borrower or any Group Member becomes unable or admits in writing its inability or fails generally to pay its debts as they 

111 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

112 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 become due, or (ii) any writ or warrant of attachment or execution or similar process is issued or levied against all or any material part of the property of any such Person and is not released, vacated or fully bonded within sixty (60) calendar days after its issue or levy; or 
 
 (h) Judgments . There is entered against the Borrower or any Group Member one or more final judgments or orders for the payment of money in an aggregate amount (as to all such judgments or orders) exceeding the Threshold Amount (to the extent not covered by independent third-party insurance as to which the insurer does not dispute coverage) and (A) enforcement proceedings are commenced by any creditor upon such judgment or order, or (B) there is a period of thirty (30) consecutive days during which a stay of enforcement of such judgment, by reason of a pending appeal or otherwise, is not in effect; or 

(i) ERISA . (i) An ERISA Event occurs with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan which has resulted in liability of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate under Title IV of ERISA to the Pension Plan, Multiemployer Plan or the PBGC in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount, (ii) the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate fails to pay when due, after the expiration of any applicable grace period, any installment payment with respect to its withdrawal liability under Section 4201 of ERISA under a Multiemployer Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount or (iii) the Borrower or any Group Member incurs a liability (excluding non-delinquent contributions, benefits, taxes and/or administrative expenses or payments made or incurred in the ordinary course of business) under a Foreign Government Scheme or Arrangement or Foreign Plan in an aggregate amount in excess of the Threshold Amount; or 

(j) Invalidity of Loan Documents . Any provision of any Loan Document, at any time after its execution and delivery and for any reason other than as expressly permitted hereunder or thereunder, any action or omission by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or satisfaction in full of all the Obligations, ceases to be in full force and effect; or the Borrower contests in any manner the validity or enforceability of any provision of any Loan Document; or the Borrower denies that it has any or further liability or obligation under any Loan Document, or purports to revoke, terminate or rescind any provision of any Loan Document; or 

(k) Change of Control . There occurs any Change of Control. 

Section 8.02 Remedies Upon Event of Default . If any Event of Default occurs and is continuing, the Administrative Agent shall, at the request of, or may, with the consent of, the Required Lenders, take any or all of the following actions: 
 
 (a) declare the commitment of each Lender to make Loans to be terminated, whereupon such commitments and obligation shall be terminated; 

(b) declare the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon, and all other amounts owing or payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document to be immediately due and payable, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower; 

113 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (c) [Reserved]; and 

114 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (d) exercise on behalf of itself and the Lenders all rights and remedies available to it and the Lenders under the Loan Documents; 

provided , however , that upon the occurrence of an actual or deemed entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code of the United States, the obligation of each Lender to make Loans shall automatically terminate, the unpaid principal amount of all outstanding Loans and all interest and other amounts as aforesaid shall automatically become due and payable without further act of the Administrative Agent or any Lender. 
 
 Section 8.03 Application of Funds . After the exercise of remedies provided for in Section 8.02 (or after the Loans have automatically become immediately due and payable), any amounts received on account of the Obligations shall, subject to the provisions of Section 2.18 , be applied by the Administrative Agent in the following order: 
 
 First , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities, expenses and other amounts (including reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent and amounts payable under Article III payable to the Administrative Agent in its capacity as such; 
 
 Second , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting fees, indemnities and other amounts (other than principal and interest) payable to the Lenders (including reasonable and documented fees, charges and disbursements of counsel to the respective Lenders (including reasonable and documented fees and time charges for attorneys who may be employees of any Lender) and amounts payable under Article III ), ratably among them in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Second payable to them; 
 
 Third , to payment of that portion of the Obligations constituting accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans and other Obligations, ratably among the Lenders in proportion to the respective amounts described in this clause Third payable to them; and 
 
 Last , the balance, if any, after all of the Obligations have been indefeasibly paid in full, to the Borrower or as otherwise required by Law. 
 
 ARTICLE IX. ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 
 
 Section 9.01 Appointment and Authority . Each of the Lenders hereby irrevocably appoints Bank of America to act on its behalf as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof or thereof, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any other similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any 
 
 115 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable Law. Instead such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is 

116 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between contracting parties. 
 
 Section 9.02 Rights as a Lender . The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent and the term Lender or Lenders shall, unless otherwise expressly indicated or unless the context otherwise requires, include the Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder in its individual capacity. Such Person and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act as the financial advisor or in any other advisory capacity for and generally engage in any kind of business with the Borrower or any Subsidiary or other Affiliate thereof as if such Person were not the Administrative Agent hereunder and without any duty to account therefor to the Lenders. 
 
 Section 9.03 Exculpatory Provisions . The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, and its duties hereunder shall be administrative in nature. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent: 
 
 (a) shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing; 

(b) shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated hereby or by the other Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be expressly provided for herein or in the other Loan Documents), provided that the Administrative Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or the opinion of its counsel, may expose the Administrative Agent to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law including for the avoidance of doubt any action that may be in violation of the automatic stay under any Debtor Relief Law or that may effect a forfeiture, modification or termination of property of a Defaulting Lender in violation of any Debtor Relief Law; and 

(c) shall not, except as expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents, have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates that is communicated to or obtained by the Person serving as the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it 
 (i) with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary, or as the Administrative Agent shall believe in good faith shall be necessary, under the circumstances as provided in Sections 10.01 and 8.02 or 

(ii) in the absence of its own bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until notice describing such Default is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender. 

The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or 
 
 117 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with this 

118 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Agreement or any other Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth herein or therein or the occurrence of any Default, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document or (v) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere herein, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 9.04 Reliance by Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing (including any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution) believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed, sent or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of a Loan that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Loan. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. 
 
 Section 9.05 Delegation of Duties . The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Loan Document by or through any one or more sub agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article shall apply to any such sub agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 
 Section 9.06 Resignation of Administrative Agent . The Administrative Agent may at any time give notice of its resignation to the Lenders and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, with the consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and which shall not be required after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a) or 8.01(f) ), to appoint a successor, which shall be a bank with an office in the United States, or an Affiliate of any such bank with an office in the United States. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders with the consent of the Borrower, to the extent required, and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) 
 
 119 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

120 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may on behalf of the Lenders, with the consent of the Borrower (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed and which shall not be required after the occurrence and during the continuation of any Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a) or 8.01(f) ), appoint a successor Administrative Agent meeting the qualifications set forth above; provided that if the Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower and the Lenders that no qualifying Person has accepted such appointment, then such resignation shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice and (1) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (except that in the case of any collateral security held by the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to hold such collateral security until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed) and (2) except for any indemnity payments or other amounts then owed to the retiring Administrative Agent, all payments, communications and determinations provided to be made by, to or through the Administrative Agent shall instead be made by or to each Lender directly, until such time as the Required Lenders, with the consent of the Borrower, to the extent required, appoint a successor Administrative Agent as provided for above in this Section 9.06 . Upon the acceptance of a successor s appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all of the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring (or retired) Administrative Agent (other than any rights to indemnity payments or other amounts owed to the retiring or removed Administrative Agent), and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from all of its duties and obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents (if not already discharged therefrom as provided above in this Section 9.06 ). The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After the retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the provisions of this Article and Section 10.04 shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them (i) while the retiring or removed Administrative Agent was acting as Administrative Agent and (ii) after such resignation for as long as any of them continues to act in any capacity hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including in respect of any actions taken in connection with transferring the agency to any successor Administrative Agent. 
 
 Section 9.07 Non-Reliance on Administrative Agent and Other Lenders . Each Lender acknowledges that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement. Each Lender also acknowledges that it will, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or any of their Related Parties and based on such documents and information as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. 
 
 Section 9.08 No Other Duties, Etc . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, none of the Sole Bookrunner, Sole Lead Arranger, or Syndication Agents listed on the cover page hereof 
 
 121 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 shall have any powers, duties or responsibilities under this Agreement or any of the 

122 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 other Loan Documents, except in its capacity, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent or a Lender hereunder. 
 
 Section 9.09 Administrative Agent May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or any other judicial proceeding relative to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Loan shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered, by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise: 
 
 (a) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Loans and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders and the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 allowed in such judicial proceeding; and 

(b) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same; 

and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Sections 2.09 and 10.04 . 
 
 Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Administrative Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender to authorize the Administrative Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender in any such proceeding. 
 
 Section 9.10 Collateral Matters . Notwithstanding that the Obligations under the Loan Documents are unsecured, for the avoidance of doubt, in the event that any Obligations are secured under the Loan Documents following the Closing Date, the Lenders irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its discretion; 
 
 (a) to release any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document (i) (A) prior to the Funding Date, upon termination of the Aggregate Commitments and (B) on or after the Funding Date (after giving effect to the Borrowing on such date), upon payment in full of all Obligations (other than contingent indemnification obligations), (ii) that is sold or to be sold as part of or in connection with any sale permitted hereunder or under any other Loan Document, or (iii) subject to Section 10.01 , if approved, authorized or ratified in 

123 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 writing by the Required Lenders; and 

124 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (b) to subordinate any Lien on any property granted to or held by the Administrative Agent under any Loan Document to the holder of any Lien on such property that is permitted hereunder which by operation of law or contract would be prior to the Liens securing the Obligations. 

Upon request by the Administrative Agent at any time, the Required Lenders will confirm in writing the Administrative Agent s authority to release or subordinate its interest in particular types or items of property pursuant to this Section 9.10 . 
 
 Section 9.11 Certain ERISA Matters . (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that at least one of the following is and will be true: 
 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) of one or more Benefit Plans in connection with the Loans or the Commitments, 

(ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84- 

14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 

(iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 

(b)	In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and 
 
 125 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 covenant as provided in sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender 

126 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates, and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower, that none of the Administrative Agent or the Arranger or any of their respective Affiliates is a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender, involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related to hereto or thereto). 
 
 Section 9.12	 Recovery of Erroneous Payments . Without limitation of any other provision in this Agreement, if at any time the Administrative Agent makes a payment hereunder in error to any Lender, whether or not in respect of an Obligation due and owing by the Borrower at such time, where such payment is a Rescindable Amount, then in any such event, each Lender receiving a Rescindable Amount severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the Rescindable Amount received by such Lender in immediately available funds in the currency so received, with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such Rescindable Amount is received by it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation.	Each Lender irrevocably waives any and all defenses, including any discharge for value (under which a creditor might otherwise claim a right to retain funds mistakenly paid by a third party in respect of a debt owed by another) or similar defense to its obligation to return any Rescindable Amount. The Administrative Agent shall inform each Lender promptly upon determining that any payment made to such Lender comprised, in whole or in part, a Rescindable Amount. For the purpose of the foregoing, Rescindable Amount shall mean any payment that the Administrative Agent makes for the account of any Lenders hereunder as to which the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that any of the following applies: (1) the Borrower has not in fact made such payment; (2) the Administrative Agent has made a payment in excess of the amount so paid by the Borrower (whether or not then owed); or (3) the Administrative Agent has for any reason otherwise erroneously made such payment. 
 
 ARTICLE X. MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 Section 10.01 Amendments, Etc . No amendment or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, and no consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless in writing signed by the Required Lenders and the Borrower, as the case may be, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, and each such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given; provided , however , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall: 
 
 (a) change the definition of Availability Period without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

127 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (b) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender (or reinstate any Commitment terminated pursuant to Section 8.02 without the written consent of such Lender; 

(c) postpone any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment or mandatory prepayment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Lenders (or any of them) or any scheduled or mandatory reduction of the Aggregate Commitments hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; 

(d) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest specified herein on, any Loan, or (subject to clause (ii) of the second proviso to this Section 10.01 any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; provided , however , that (x) only the consent of the Required Lenders shall be necessary to amend the definition of Default Rate or to waive any obligation of the Borrower to pay interest at the Default Rate and (y) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement or Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall be subject to Section 3.03(b) ; 

(e) change Section 8.03 or Section 2.13 in a manner that would alter the pro rata sharing of payments required thereby without the written consent of each Lender; 

(f) subordinate, or have the effect of subordinating, the Obligations hereunder to any other Indebtedness without the written consent of each Lender directly affected thereby; or 

(g) change any provision of this Section 10.01 or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision hereof specifying the number or percentage of Lenders required to amend, waive or otherwise modify any rights hereunder or make any determination or grant any consent hereunder without the written consent of each Lender; 

and, provided further , that (i) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by the Administrative Agent in addition to the Lenders required above, affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (ii) the Fee Letters may be amended, or rights or privileges thereunder waived, in a writing executed only by the parties thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent which by its terms requires the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended without the consent of such Lender and (y) any waiver, amendment or modification requiring the consent of all Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. If any Lender does not consent to a proposed amendment or waiver that requires the consent of each Lender or each affected Lender and such amendment or waiver has been approved by the Required Lenders, the Borrower may replace such non- consenting Lender in accordance with Section 10.13 ; provided that such amendment, waiver or consent can be effected as a result of the assignment contemplated by Section 10.13 . 

128 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 10.02 Notices; Effectiveness; Electronic Communication . 
 
 (a) Notices Generally . Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided in subsection (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by telecopier as follows, and all notices and other communications expressly permitted hereunder to be given by telephone shall be made to the applicable telephone number, as follows: 

(i) if to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified for such Person on Schedule 10.02 ; and 

(ii) if to any other Lender, to the address, telecopier number, electronic mail address or telephone number specified in its Administrative Questionnaire (including, as appropriate, notices delivered solely to the Person designated by a Lender on its Administrative Questionnaire then in effect for the delivery of notices that may contain material non-public information relating to the Borrower). 

Notices and other communications sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received; notices and other communications sent by telecopier shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient). Notices and other communications delivered through electronic communications to the extent provided in subsection (b) below, shall be effective as provided in such subsection (b). 
 
 (b) Electronic Communications . Notices and other communications to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including e-mail and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to the procedures set forth in the immediately succeeding paragraph or otherwise approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it, provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 

Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise prescribes, notices and other communications 
 (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement) and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i) of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) , if such notice or other communication is not sent during the normal business 
 
 129 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the 

130 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 
 (c) The Platform . THE PLATFORM IS PROVIDED AS IS AND AS AVAILABLE . THE AGENT PARTIES (AS DEFINED BELOW) DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE PLATFORM, AND EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR ERRORS IN OR OMISSIONS FROM THE BORROWER MATERIALS. NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON- INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS OR FREEDOM FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER CODE DEFECTS, IS MADE BY ANY AGENT PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH 

THE BORROWER MATERIALS OR THE PLATFORM. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses of any kind (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of Borrower Materials through the Internet, except to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by a final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent Party; provided , however , that in no event shall any Agent Party have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person for indirect, special, incidental, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages). 
 
 (d) Change of Address, Etc . The Borrower and the Administrative Agent may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. Each other Lender may change its address, telecopier or telephone number for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. In addition, each Lender agrees to notify the Administrative Agent from time to time to ensure that the Administrative Agent has on record (i) an effective address, contact name, telephone number, telecopier number and electronic mail address to which notices and other communications may be sent and (ii) accurate wire instructions for such Lender. Furthermore, each Public Lender agrees to cause at least one individual at or on behalf of such Public Lender to at all times have selected the Private Side Information or similar designation on the content declaration screen of the Platform in order to enable such Public Lender or its delegate, in accordance with such Public Lender s compliance procedures and applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws, to make reference to Borrower Materials that are not made available through the Public Side Information portion of the Platform and that may contain material non-public information with respect to the Borrower or its securities for purposes of United States Federal or state securities laws. 

(e) Reliance by Administrative Agent and Lenders . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall be entitled to rely and act upon any notices (including telephonic notices and Committed Loan Notices) purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower even if (i) such notices were not made in a manner specified herein, were incomplete or were not preceded or followed by any other form of notice specified herein, or (ii) the terms thereof, as understood by the recipient, varied from any confirmation thereof. The Borrower shall, in accordance with and 

131 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 subject to the limitations set forth in Section 10.04(b) , indemnify the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Related Parties of each of them from all losses, costs, expenses and liabilities resulting from the reliance by such Person on each notice purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower. All telephonic notices to and other telephonic communications with the Administrative Agent may be recorded by the Administrative Agent, and each of the parties hereto hereby consents to such recording. 
 
 Section 10.03 No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies; Enforcement . No failure by any Lender or the Administrative Agent to exercise, and no delay by any such Person in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges herein provided, and provided under each other Loan Document, are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers and privileges provided by law. 
 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Loan Document, the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Loan Documents against the Borrower or any of them shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent in accordance with Section 8.02 for the benefit of all the Lenders; provided , however , that the foregoing shall not prohibit (a) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, (b) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.08 (subject to the terms of Section 2.13 ), or (c) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law; and provided , further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, then (i) the Required Lenders shall have the rights otherwise ascribed to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 8.02 and (ii) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (b) and (c) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 2.13 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Required Lenders, enforce any rights and remedies available to it and as authorized by the Required Lenders. 
 
 Section 10.04 Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver . 
 
 (a) Costs and Expenses . The Borrower shall pay (i) all reasonable and documented out of pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates (limited, in the case of legal expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket charges and disbursements of one external counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Arranger, taken as a whole), in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation, negotiation, execution, delivery and administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents or any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions hereof or thereof (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), and (ii) all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (limited, in the case of legal expenses, to the reasonable and documented fees and 

132 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 out-of-pocket charges and disbursements of (A) one primary counsel for the 

133 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, taken as a whole, (B) to the extent reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, taken as a whole, (C) to the extent reasonably necessary, one special or regulatory counsel in each relevant specialty for the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, taken as a whole and (D) in the case of any actual or perceived conflict of interest with respect to any of the counsel identified in clauses (A) through (C) above, one additional counsel to each group of similarly situated affected Persons, taken as a whole (which in the case of clause (B) shall allow for up to one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction)) in connection with the enforcement or protection of its rights (1) in connection with this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section 10.04 , or 
 (2) in connection with the Loans made hereunder, including all such out of pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans; provided , however , that the Borrower shall not be liable for any Excluded Taxes under this Section 10.04(a) . 
 
 (b) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof), each Lender and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee); provided that such legal expenses shall be limited to the reasonable and documented fees and out-of-pocket disbursements and other charges (A) one primary counsel for the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, (B) to the extent reasonably necessary, one local counsel in each relevant jurisdiction for the Indemnitees, taken as a whole, (C) to the extent reasonably necessary, one special or regulatory counsel in each relevant specialty for the Indemnitees, taken as a whole and (D) in the case of any actual or perceived conflict of interest with respect to any of the counsel identified in clauses (A) through (C) above, one additional counsel to each group of similarly situated affected Indemnitees, taken as a whole (which in the case of clause (B) shall allow for up to one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction), incurred by any Indemnitee or asserted against any Indemnitee by any third party or by the Borrower arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations hereunder or thereunder, the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or, in the case of the Administrative Agent (and any sub-agent thereof) and its Related Parties only, the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (including in respect of any matters addressed in Section 3.01 ), (ii) any Loan or the use or proposed use of the proceeds therefrom, (iii) any actual or alleged presence or release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or (iv) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether based on contract, tort or any other theory, whether brought by a third party or by the Borrower, and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (x) are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee, (y) result from a claim brought by the Borrower against 

134 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 an Indemnitee for a material breach of such Indemnitee s obligations hereunder or under any other Loan Document, if the Borrower has obtained a final and nonappealable judgment in its favor on such claim as determined by a court of competent jurisdiction or (z) result from a dispute among Indemnitees and (1) not resulting from any act or omission by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries or (2) not relating to any action or inaction of such Indemnitee in its capacity as Administrative Agent; Syndication Agent or Arranger, provided , further , that, without limiting the provisions of Section 3.01(c) , this Section 10.04(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses arising from any non-Tax claim. 
 
 (c) Reimbursement by Lenders . To the extent that the Borrower for any reason fails to indefeasibly pay any amount required under subsection (a) or (b) of this Section 10.04 to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof) or any Related Party of the foregoing (and without limiting its obligations to do so), each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or such Related Party, as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount, provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent) or against any Related Party of the foregoing acting for the Administrative Agent (or any such sub-agent). The obligations of the Lenders under this subsection (c) are subject to the provisions of Section 2.12(d) . 

(d) Waiver of Consequential Damages, Etc . To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no party hereto shall assert, and each party hereto hereby waives, any claim against any other party hereto, any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any Indemnitee, on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby, the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, any Loan or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided, that the foregoing shall not limit the Borrower s obligations pursuant to clause (b) above to the extent any such special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages are included in any third party claim with respect to which the Borrower is otherwise liable for indemnification therefor. No Indemnitee referred to in subsection (b) above shall be liable for any damages arising from the use by unintended recipients of any information or other materials distributed to such unintended recipients by such Indemnitee through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby other than for direct or actual damages resulting from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee as determined by a final and nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. 

(e) Payments . All amounts due under this Section 10.04 shall be payable not later than ten (10) Business Days after demand therefor. 

(f) Survival . The agreements in this Section 10.04 shall survive the resignation of the Administrative Agent, the replacement of any Lender, the termination of the Aggregate Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all the other Obligations. 

135 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

136 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 10.05 Payments Set Aside . To the extent that any payment by or on behalf of the Borrower is made to the Administrative Agent or any Lender, or the Administrative Agent or any Lender exercises its right of setoff, and such payment or the proceeds of such setoff or any part thereof is subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside or required (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion) to be repaid to a trustee, receiver or any other party, in connection with any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law or otherwise, then (a) to the extent of such recovery, the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such setoff had not occurred, and (b) each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent upon demand its applicable share (without duplication) of any amount so recovered from or repaid by the Administrative Agent, plus interest thereon from the date of such demand to the date such payment is made at a rate per annum equal to the applicable Overnight Rate from time to time in effect. The obligations of the Lenders under clause (b) of the preceding sentence shall survive the payment in full of the Obligations and the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 Section 10.06 Successors and Assigns . 
 
 (a) Successors and Assigns Generally . The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, except that the Borrower may not assign nor otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and each Lender and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 , or (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of subsection (f) of this Section 10.06 (and any other attempted assignment or transfer by any party hereto shall be null and void). Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 

(b) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment or its Loans); provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions: 

(i) Minimum Amounts . 

(A) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment and the Loans at the time owing to it or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund, no minimum amount need be assigned; and 

137 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 (B) in any case not described in subsection (b)(i)(A) of this Section, the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Loans outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment, determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment and Assumption, as of the Trade Date, shall not be less than 5,000,000 unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); provided , however , that concurrent assignments to members of an Assignee Group and concurrent assignments from members of an Assignee Group to a single Eligible Assignee (or to an Eligible Assignee and members of its Assignee Group) will be treated as a single assignment for purposes of determining whether such minimum amount has been met. 

(ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Loans or the Commitment assigned. 

(iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by subsection (b)(i)(B) of this Section 10.06 and, in addition: 

(A) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required unless (1) an Event of Default pursuant to Section 8.01(a) or Section 8.01(f) has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment or (2) such assignment is to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof; and 

(B) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) shall be required if such assignment is to a Person that is not a Lender, an Affiliate of such Lender or an Approved Fund with respect to such Lender. 

(iv) Assignment and Assumption . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment and Assumption, together with a processing and recordation fee in the amount of 3,500; provided , however , that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment. The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 

(v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made (A) to the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries, or (B) to any Defaulting 

138 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Lender or any of its Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender 

139 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 hereunder, would constitute any of the foregoing Persons described in this clause (B), or 
 (C) to a natural person. 
 
 (vi) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Loans previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon) and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Loans. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 

Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent pursuant to subsection 
 (c) of this Section 10.06 , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 , 3.05 , and 10.04 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment. Upon request, the Borrower (at its expense) shall execute and deliver a Note to the assignee Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this subsection shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with subsection (d) of this Section 10.06 . 
 
 (c) Register . The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower (and such agency being solely for tax purposes), shall maintain at the Administrative Agent s Office a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitments of, and principal amounts of the Loans, stated interest owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall 

140 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 maintain on the Register information regarding the designation, 

141 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 and revocation of designation, of any Lender as a Defaulting Lender. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. 
 
 (d) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, a Defaulting Lender or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and/or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment or the Loans owing to it); provided that 

(i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for the indemnity under Section 10.04(c) without regard to the existence of any participation. 
 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, waiver or other modification described in the first proviso to Section 10.01 that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 3.01 , 3.04 and 3.05 to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to subsection (b) of this Section 10.06 (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 3.01(e) shall be delivered to the Lender who sells the participation); provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 3.06 and 10.13 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section 10.06 and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 3.01 or 3.04 , with respect to any participation, than the Lender from whom it acquired the applicable participation would have been entitled to receive. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 3.06 with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.08 as though it were a Lender; provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.13 as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under the Loan Documents (the Participant Register ); provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the 
 
 142 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative 

143 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 
 (e) Limitations upon Participant Rights . A Participant shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 3.01 or 3.04 than the applicable Lender would have been entitled to receive with respect to the participation sold to such Participant, unless the sale of the participation to such Participant is made with the Borrower s prior written consent. A Participant that would be a Foreign Lender if it were a Lender shall not be entitled to the benefits of Section 3.01 unless the Borrower is notified of the participation sold to such Participant and such Participant agrees, for the benefit of the Borrower, to comply with Section 3.01(e) as though it were a Lender. 

(f) Certain Pledges . Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement (including under its Note(s), if any) to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank or to the Bank of England; provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 

(g) [Reserved] 

Section 10.07 Treatment of Certain Information; Confidentiality .	Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its Affiliates and to its and its Affiliates respective partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, trustees, advisors and representatives (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any regulatory authority purporting to have jurisdiction over it (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), (c) to the extent required by applicable laws or regulations or by any subpoena or similar legal process (in which case such Person agrees to notify the Borrower prior to such disclosure to the extent practicable and permitted to do so pursuant to applicable Law), (d) to any other party hereto who was a party on the date of such disclosure, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section 10.07 , to (i) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (ii) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Borrower and its obligations, (g) with the consent of the Borrower or (h) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section 
 10.07 or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any of their respective Affiliates on a nonconfidential basis from a source other than the Borrower and not known to such Person to be subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of the Borrower. 
 
 For purposes of this Section 10.07 , Information means all confidential information received from the Borrower or any Subsidiary relating to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or any 
 
 144 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 of their respective businesses. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of 

145 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Information as provided in this Section 10.07 shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. 
 
 Each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders acknowledges that (a) the Information may include material non-public information concerning the Borrower or a Subsidiary, as the case may be, (b) it has developed compliance procedures regarding the use of material non- public information and (c) it will handle such material non-public information in accordance with applicable Law, including United States Federal and state securities Laws. 
 
 Section 10.08 Right of Setoff . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final, in whatever currency) at any time held and other obligations (in whatever currency) at any time owing by such Lender or any such Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement or any other Loan Document to such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under this Agreement or any other Loan Document and although such obligations of the Borrower may be contingent or unmatured or are owed to a branch or office of such Lender different from the branch or office holding such deposit or obligated on such indebtedness; provided, that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, 
 (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18 and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The rights of each Lender and each of their respective Affiliates under this Section 10.08 are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) that such Lender or its Affiliates may have. Each Lender agrees to notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent promptly after any such setoff and application, provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such setoff and application. 
 
 Section 10.09 Interest Rate Limitation . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any Loan Document, the interest paid or agreed to be paid under the Loan Documents shall not exceed the maximum rate of non-usurious interest permitted by applicable Law (the Maximum Rate ). If the Administrative Agent or any Lender shall receive interest in an amount that exceeds the Maximum Rate, the excess interest shall be applied to the principal of the Loans or, if it exceeds such unpaid principal, refunded to the Borrower. In determining whether the interest contracted for, charged, or received by the Administrative Agent or a Lender exceeds the Maximum Rate, such Person may, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, (a) characterize any payment that is not principal as an expense, fee, or premium rather than interest, 
 (b) exclude voluntary prepayments and the effects thereof, and (c) amortize, prorate, allocate, and spread in equal or unequal parts the total amount of interest throughout the contemplated term of 
 
 146 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 the Obligations hereunder. 

147 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Section 10.10 Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness . This Agreement and the other Loan Documents may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto in different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement and the other Loan Documents constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01 (and after giving effect to the last paragraph of Section 4.01 ), this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof that, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of this Agreement and any other Loan Document by telecopy or other electronic imaging means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. 
 
 Section 10.11 Survival of Representations and Warranties . All representations and warranties made hereunder and in any other Loan Document or other document delivered pursuant hereto or thereto or in connection herewith or therewith shall survive the execution and delivery hereof and thereof. Such representations and warranties have been or will be relied upon by the Administrative Agent and each Lender, regardless of any investigation made by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or on their behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default on the Funding Date, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as any Loan or any other Obligation hereunder shall remain unpaid or unsatisfied. 
 
 Section 10.12 Severability . If any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, (a) the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall not be affected or impaired thereby and (b) the parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the illegal, invalid or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. Without limiting the foregoing provisions of this Section 10.12 , if and to the extent that the enforceability of any provisions in this Agreement relating to Defaulting Lenders shall be limited by Debtor Relief Laws, as determined in good faith by the Administrative Agent, then such provisions shall be deemed to be in effect only to the extent not so limited. 
 
 Section 10.13 Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 3.04 , or if the Borrower is required to pay any additional amount to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 3.01 , or if any Lender does not consent to a proposed amendment or waiver that requires the consent of each Lender or each affected Lender and such amendment or waiver has been approved by the Required Lenders or if any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate (and any such assignment and delegation shall become effective without the consent of such Lender subject to such assignment), without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the 
 
 148 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

149 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.06 ), all of its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and the related Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment), provided that: 
 
 (a) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fee specified in Section 10.06(b) ; 

(b) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to 100 of the outstanding principal of its Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Loan Documents (including any amounts under Section 3.05 from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts); 

(c) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 3.04 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 3.01 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter; and 

(d) such assignment does not conflict with applicable Laws. 

A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 
 Section 10.14 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Etc . 
 
 (a) GOVERNING LAW . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 

(b) SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION . THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS, FOR ITSELF AND ITS PROPERTY, TO THE NONEXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE COURTS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK SITTING IN NEW YORK COUNTY AND OF THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT OF THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND ANY APPELLATE COURT FROM ANY THEREOF, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT, AND EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY AGREES THAT ALL CLAIMS IN RESPECT OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING MAY BE HEARD AND DETERMINED IN SUCH NEW YORK STATE COURT OR, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN SUCH FEDERAL COURT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT, THE LENDERS MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO 

150 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST THE BORROWER OR ITS PROPERTIES 

151 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 
 (c) WAIVER OF VENUE . THE BORROWER IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY OBJECTION THAT IT MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER HAVE TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OF ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN ANY COURT REFERRED TO IN PARAGRAPH (B) OF THIS SECTION. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE DEFENSE OF AN INCONVENIENT FORUM TO THE MAINTENANCE OF SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING IN ANY SUCH COURT. 

(d) SERVICE OF PROCESS . EACH PARTY HERETO IRREVOCABLY CONSENTS TO SERVICE OF PROCESS IN THE MANNER PROVIDED FOR NOTICES IN SECTION 10.02 . NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT WILL AFFECT THE RIGHT OF ANY PARTY HERETO TO SERVE PROCESS IN ANY OTHER MANNER PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 

Section 10.15 Waiver of Jury Trial . EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PERSON HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PERSON WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. 
 
 Section 10.16 No Advisory or Fiduciary Responsibility . In connection with all aspects of each transaction contemplated hereby (including in connection with any amendment, waiver or other modification hereof or of any other Loan Document), the Borrower acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its Affiliates understanding, that: (i) (A) the arranging and other services regarding this Agreement provided by the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders are arm s-length commercial transactions between the Borrower and its respective Affiliates, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, the Arranger and the Lenders, on the other hand, (B) the Borrower has consulted its own legal, accounting, regulatory and tax advisors to the extent it has deemed appropriate, and (C) the Borrower is capable of evaluating, and understands and accepts, the terms, risks and conditions of the transactions contemplated hereby and by the other Loan Documents; (ii) (A) the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Arranger each is and has been acting solely as a principal and, except as expressly agreed in writing by the relevant parties, has not been, is not, and will not be acting as an advisor, agent or fiduciary for the 
 
 152 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Borrower or any of its Affiliates or any other Person and (B) neither the 

153 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Administrative Agent nor any Lender nor any Arranger has any obligation to the Borrower or any of its Affiliates with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents; and (iii) the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Arranger and their respective Affiliates may be engaged in a broad range of transactions that involve interests that differ from those of the Borrower and its Affiliates, and neither the Administrative Agent nor the Lenders nor the Arranger has any obligation to disclose any of such interests to the Borrower or its Affiliates. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Borrower hereby waives and releases any claims that it may have against the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Arranger with respect to any breach or alleged breach of agency or fiduciary duty in connection with any aspect of any transaction contemplated hereby. 
 
 Section 10.17 Electronic Execution of Assignments and Certain Other Documents . This Agreement, any Loan Document and any other Communication, including Communications required to be in writing, may be in the form of an Electronic Record and may be executed using Electronic Signatures. The Borrower and each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agrees that any Electronic Signature on or associated with any Communication shall be valid and binding on such Person to the same extent as a manual, original signature, and that any Communication entered into by Electronic Signature, will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such Person enforceable against such Person in accordance with the terms thereof to the same extent as if a manually executed original signature was delivered. Any Communication may be executed in as many counterparts as necessary or convenient, including both paper and electronic counterparts, but all such counterparts are one and the same Communication. For the avoidance of doubt, the authorization under this paragraph may include, without limitation, use or acceptance of a manually signed paper Communication which has been converted into electronic form (such as scanned into PDF format), or an electronically signed Communication converted into another format, for transmission, delivery and/or retention. The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of any Communication in the form of an imaged Electronic Record Electronic Copy ), which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document. All Communications in the form of an Electronic Record, including an Electronic Copy, shall be considered an original for all purposes, and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Administrative Agent is not under any obligation to accept an Electronic Signature in any form or in any format unless expressly agreed to by the Administrative Agent pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (a) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept such Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each Lender shall be entitled to rely on any such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower and/or any Lender without further verification and (b) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by such manually executed counterpart. For purposes hereof, Electronic Record and Electronic Signature shall have the meanings assigned to them, respectively, by 15 USC 7006, as it may be amended from time to time. 
 
 The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into the sufficiency, validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by 
 
 154 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

155 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 telecopy, emailed .pdf or any other electronic means). The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely on, and shall incur no liability under or in respect of this Agreement or any other Loan Document by acting upon, any Communication (which writing may be a fax, any electronic message, Internet or intranet website posting or other distribution or signed using an Electronic Signature) or any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be genuine and signed or sent or otherwise authenticated (whether or not such Person in fact meets the requirements set forth in the Loan Documents for being the maker thereof). 
 
 The Borrower and each Lender hereby waives (i) any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement or any other Loan Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, and 
 (ii) waives any claim against the Administrative Agent and each Lender for any liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures, including any liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. 
 
 Section 10.18 USA PATRIOT Act Notice . Each Lender that is subject to the Act (as hereinafter defined) and the Administrative Agent (for itself and not on behalf of any Lender) hereby notifies the Borrower that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the Act ), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies the Borrower, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and other information that will allow such Lender or the Administrative Agent, as applicable, to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Act. The Borrower shall, promptly following a request by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, provided all documentation and other information that the Administrative Agent or such Lender requests in order to comply with its ongoing obligations under applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the Act. 
 
 Section 10.19 [Reserved] 
 
 Section 10.20 Judgment Currency . If, for the purposes of obtaining judgment in any court, it is necessary to convert a sum due hereunder or any other Loan Document in one currency into another currency, the rate of exchange used shall be that at which in accordance with normal banking procedures the Administrative Agent could purchase the first currency with such other currency on the Business Day preceding that on which final judgment is given. The obligation of the Borrower in respect of any such sum due from it to the Administrative Agent or any Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents shall, notwithstanding any judgment in a currency (the Judgment Currency other than Dollars, be discharged only to the extent that on the Business Day following receipt by the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, of any sum adjudged to be so due in the Judgment Currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, may in accordance with normal banking procedures purchase Dollars with the Judgment Currency. If the amount of Dollars so purchased is less than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrower in Dollars, the Borrower agrees, as a separate obligation and notwithstanding any such judgment, to indemnify the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, against such loss. If the amount of Dollars so purchased is greater than the sum originally due to the Administrative Agent or any 
 
 156 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 

157 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 Lender in such currency, the Administrative Agent or such Lender, as the case may be, agrees to return the amount of any excess to the Borrower (or to any other Person who may be entitled thereto under applicable law). 
 
 Section 10.21 Acknowledgment and Consent to Bail-In of EEA Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under this Agreement, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the Write- Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: 
 
 (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution; and 

(b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

(i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; 

(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement; or 

(iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of any Resolution Authority. 

Section 10.22 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for any Swap Contract or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Suppor t , and each such QFC, a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 
 
 (a) In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to 

158 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, 

159 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 
 (b) As used in this Section 10.22 , the following terms have the following meanings: 

BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. 
 
 Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 
 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 
 QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 

[ Signature pages follow. ] 

160 
 Credit Agreement 
 #95250329v15 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written. 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC., 
 as Borrower 
 By: /s/ Richard Dierker 
 Name: Richard Dierker 
 Title: CFO 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, 
 as Administrative Agent 
 By: /s/ Ronaldo Naval 
 Name: Ronaldo Naval 
 Title: Vice President 
 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , 
 as Lender 
 By: /s/ Alexandra Korchmar 
 Name: Alexandra Korchmar 
 Title: Vice President 
 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , 
 as a Lender 
 By: /s/ Joseph Gricco 
 Name: Joseph Gricco 
 Title: Director 
 
 TRUIST BANK , 
 as a Lender 
 By: /s/ Steve Curran 
 Name: Steve Curran 
 Title: Director 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 chd-ex10_14.htm
 EX-10.14

EX-10 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 COMPENSATION PLAN FOR DIRECTORS 
 1. PURPOSE: The purpose of this Amended and Restated Compensation Plan for Directors (the Plan is to provide a program that will enable Church Dwight Co., Inc. (the Company to attract and retain well-qualified persons for service as members of the Company s Board of Directors (the Board and, in so doing, more closely align the interests of the Directors with those of the stockholders through the ownership of Common Stock of the Company, par value 1.00 per share (the Common Stock ), by Directors. The Plan is intended to encourage long-term ownership in the Company. All shares of Common Stock payable under the Plan shall be issued under the Company s 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan, as amended and restated effective as of April 28, 2022, and as may be further amended and restated from time to time (the Omnibus Equity Plan ). 
 2. EFFECTIVE DATE: The Plan was originally effective as of January 1, 2015 (the Effective Date ), was amended on November 1, 2017, and is hereby further amended and restated effective as of February 1, 2023. 
 3. ELIGIBILITY: All Directors of the Company who are not full-time employees of the Employer (as defined in the Omnibus Equity Plan) are eligible to participate in the Plan (each, a Participant and, together, the Participants ). 
 4. DETERMINATION OF COMPENSATION: In the fourth calendar quarter of each year other than 2015, the Board will establish the Participants compensation for the next calendar year (the Compensation Year with respect to (i) the annual retainer (the Annual Retainer ), (ii) the fees for attending Board meetings or meetings of committees of the Board for any special assignment requested by the Board (the Special Assignment Meeting Fees and (iii) the annual equity grant amount to be granted to Participants under the Omnibus Equity Plan (the Equity Grant ). The definition of special assignment shall be made by the Company s Governance, Nominating and Corporate Responsibility Committee in its reasonable discretion. 
 5. DETERMINATION OF FEE-BASED COMPENSATION IN COMMON STOCK: 
 (a) All fee-based compensation (i.e., the Annual Retainer and the Special Assignment Meeting Fees) (the Fee-Based Compensation paid to each Participant for each Compensation Year shall be calculated in shares of Common Stock, which shall be determined in accordance with Section 5(b) below. 
 (b) The Annual Retainer shall be divided by the closing price of a share of Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on the last trading day of the second calendar quarter. Special Assignment Meeting Fees, if any, shall be divided by the closing price of a share of Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on December 20th or, if December 20th is not a trading day, on the next trading day. In the event that Special Assignment Meeting Fees become payable for meetings that occur after December 20 th the Special Assignment Meeting Fees earned as a result of such meetings Additional Special Assignment Meeting Fees shall be divided by the closing price of a share of Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on last trading day of the year. The Annual Retainer will be prorated for each Participant who is not a member of the Board for the entire calendar year. The prorated Annual Retainer shall be determined based on the number of whole or partial calendar quarters of service provided or to be provided by such Participant. For the purpose of these calculations, fractional shares shall be counted as whole shares. (For example, assume that the Annual Retainer is 120,000. If the closing price of Common Stock on the last trading day in June is 80 per share, the Annual Retainer, calculated in terms of shares of Common Stock, would be 1,500 shares). 
 6. CASH OPTION, ISSUANCE OF COMMON STOCK FOR FEE-BASED COMPENSATION: 
 (a) Notwithstanding anything in Section 5 to the contrary, each Participant shall elect in each December with respect to the next following Compensation Year whether, instead of receiving payments in all shares of Common Stock, the Participant shall instead receive payment of the Fee-Based Compensation hereunder 50 in cash and 50 in shares of Common Stock (or 100 in cash if, and only if, as of the date of such election, the Participant has fully satisfied the Company s Stock Ownership Guidelines for Directors then applicable to Participant). With respect to a Participant who has elected to receive 50 in cash, the calculation described in Section 5 shall be made with respect to only one-half of the Fee-Based Compensation, and the remainder of such Fee-Based Compensation shall be paid in cash. With respect to a Participant who has properly elected to receive 100 in cash, the calculation described in Section 5 shall not apply, and 100 of the Fee-Based Compensation shall be paid in cash. The election under this Section 6 shall be made by providing 

written notice to the Company s Secretary not later than December 31. In the event notice is not received by the Secretary by such date, then the Participant shall receive his or her compensation entirely in Common Stock. 
 (b) Any Participant who is a Director with respect to one Compensation Year, but was not a Director with respect to the immediately prior Compensation Year, shall be permitted, within 30 days of becoming a Director, to make the election described in this Section 6 with respect to the Fee-Based Compensation to be paid for such Compensation Year. 
 7. REMITTANCE OF FEE-BASED COMPENSATION: The shares of Common Stock and cash compensation, if any, relating to the Annual Retainer shall be remitted to each Participant as soon as practicable following the end of the second calendar quarter (the Annual Retainer Pay Date and in the case of the Special Assignment Meeting Fees, such shares and cash shall be remitted as soon as practicable following December 20th (the Special Assignment Meeting Fees Pay Date of such Compensation Year. In the event Additional Special Assignment Meeting Fees are earned, such shares and cash shall be remitted as soon as practicable following the last trading day of such Compensation Year. A prorated Annual Retainer shall be paid on the Special Assignment Meeting Fees Pay Date except when a Participant s service on the Board begins or ends prior to July 1. In such case, the prorated Annual Retainer shall be paid on the Annual Retainer Pay Date. All shares of Common Stock payable under this Plan shall be issued under the Company s Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan and shall be subject in all respects to the terms of the Omnibus Equity Plan. 
 
 8. ANNUAL EQUITY GRANT: Unless as otherwise established by the Board, the Equity Grant to Participants shall be made on the first day of the first open trading window next following the Company s earnings release associated with the annual meeting of the Company s stockholders Grant Date ); provided, however, if a Participant first becomes a Director on a date other than the Grant Date, the date of the Participant s initial Equity Grant shall be the date on which such Participant commences service as a Director. Each Participant shall be granted only one (1) Equity Grant in each calendar year. Fifty percent (50 of the value of the Equity Grant shall be in the form of non-qualified stock options Options ), and 50 of the value of the Equity Grant shall be in the form of restricted stock units RSUs ). Options granted hereunder shall be for a number of shares of Common Stock determined by dividing (i) fifty percent (50 of the value of the Equity Grant by (ii) the fair market value of each Option on the Grant Date, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles using Black-Scholes valuation methodology, rounded to the nearest lot of 10 Options. The number of shares of Common Stock to be subject to the RSUs granted hereunder shall be equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) fifty percent (50 of the value of the Equity Grant by (y) the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Omnibus Equity Plan) of Common Stock on the Grant Date, rounded to the nearest lot of 10 RSUs. Unless otherwise determined by the Board, the Equity Grant shall vest, if at all, subject to the Participants service from the Grant Date, (i) with respect to Options, through the earlier of (x) the third (3rd) anniversary of the Grant Date, or (y) the third (3rd) annual meeting of the Company s stockholders following the Grant Date, and (ii) with respect to RSUs, through the one-year anniversary of the Grant Date. The Equity Grant made under this Plan shall be issued under the Omnibus Equity Plan and shall be subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of that Plan. 
 
 9. DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN: Nothing herein is intended to effect a Participant s ability to participate in the Company s Deferred Compensation Plan for Directors (the Deferred Compensation Plan ), amended and restated as of May 1, 2008, and as may be further amended from time, subject in all respects to the terms and conditions of the Deferred Compensation Plan. 
 10. ANNUAL LIMIT: Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or the Omnibus Equity Plan to the contrary, the maximum aggregate grant date fair value of Grants (as defined in the Omnibus Equity Plan) made to a Participant during any calendar year, plus any cash-based compensation granted to the Participant in respect of any calendar year (whether paid in cash or shares of Common Stock or on a current or deferred basis), in each case, solely with respect to the individual s service as a Director, may not exceed 750,000 based on the aggregate Fair Market Value (as defined in the Omnibus Equity Plan and determined as of the date of grant) of any equity or equity-based Grant plus the aggregate value (determined as of the date of grant) of any cash-based compensation. 
 11. RIGHTS NOT TRANSFERABLE: The rights of a Participant under the Plan are not transferable by a Participant other than pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution. 
 12. ADMINISTRATION: The Plan shall be administered, and the provisions interpreted, by a committee of at least three persons (all of whom shall be persons not eligible to participate in the Plan and thereby disinterested) having full discretionary authority to act (the Committee ). The members of the Committee shall 
 2 

be the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Financial Officer and the Secretary of the Company. The Committee shall record its proceedings under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, any equity grants made hereunder shall be made by the Board in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Omnibus Equity Plan and any decisions relating to the design or amount of any compensation provided hereunder shall be made by the Board. 
 13. AMENDMENT OF THE PLAN: The Board may, at any time, or from time to time, change or amend this Plan, as is deems advisable. 
 14. TERMINATION OF THE PLAN: This Plan may be terminated at any time, at the discretion of the Board. 
 15. GOVERNING LAW: This Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant thereto shall be governed by the laws of Delaware. 
 3 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 chd-ex10_28.htm
 EX-10.28

EX-10 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. 
 
 2022 OMNIBUS EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 NONQUALIFIED STOCK OPTION GRANT 
 
 This STOCK OPTION GRANT AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of [Month DD, YYYY] (the Date of Grant ), is delivered by Church Dwight Co., Inc. (the Company to [Participant Name] (the Grantee ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 The Church Dwight Co., Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective as of April 28, 2022), as it may be amended from time to time (the Plan ), provides for, among other things, the grant of options to purchase shares of common stock of the Company. The Company s Board of Directors (the Board has decided to make a stock option grant as an inducement for the Grantee to continue in the service of the Company as a member of the Board and promote the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Grant of Option . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee a nonqualified stock option (the Option to purchase [Granted: Options Granted] shares of Common Stock Shares at an exercise price of [Price: Option Price] per Share (the Grant ). The Option shall vest and become exercisable according to Paragraph 2 below. The Option is not intended to qualify and will not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option. 

2. Exercisability of Option . Except as provided in Paragraphs 3(b) and 5 below or the Plan, the Option shall vest and become exercisable in accordance with the schedule set forth below, if the Grantee continues to provide service to the Company as a member of the Board from the Date of Grant through the applicable vesting date. 

Vesting Date(s) 
 Shares for Which the Option is Exercisable on the Vesting Date(s) 

The earlier of (i) the third (3rd) anniversary of the Date of Grant, or (ii) the third (3rd) annual meeting of the Company s stockholders following the Date of Grant 
 100 

IF DOCVARIABLE SWDocIDLocation 1 = 1 DOCPROPERTY SWDocID 135925135v6 135925135v6 

3. Term of Option . 

a. The Option shall have a term of ten years from the Date of Grant and shall terminate on the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant, unless it is terminated at an earlier date pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or the Plan. 

b. The Option shall automatically terminate upon the happening of the first of the following events, unless otherwise agreed by the Board by resolution passed prior to or contemporaneously with the grant of the Option: 

i. The expiration of the 90 day period after the Grantee ceases to provide service to the Company as a member of the Board, if the termination is for any reason other than Disability (as defined below), death, Retirement (as defined below) or Cause (as defined below), and the Option (to the extent unvested) shall continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with the schedule set forth in Paragraph 2 above during such 90-day period. 

ii. The expiration of the three-year period after the Grantee ceases to provide service to the Company as a member of the Board on account of the Grantee s Disability, and the Option (to the extent unvested) shall continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with the schedule set forth in Paragraph 2 above during such three-year period. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Disability shall mean the Grantee s inability to render services to the Company for a period of six consecutive months by reason of permanent disability, as determined by the written medical opinion of an independent medical physician reasonably acceptable to the Company. 

iii. The expiration of the three-year period after the Grantee ceases to provide service to the Company as a member of the Board, if the Grantee dies while providing service to the Company, and the Option (to the extent unvested) shall continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with the schedule set forth in Paragraph 2 above during such three-year period. 

iv. The expiration of the term described in Paragraph 3(a) if the Grantee ceases to provide service to the Company as a member of the Board on account of the Grantee s Retirement, and the Option (to the extent unvested) shall continue to vest and become exercisable in accordance with the schedule set forth in Paragraph 2 above during such term. For purposes of this Agreement, a Grantee shall be considered to meet the requirements of Retirement if the Grantee has at least six years of service with the Company as a member of the Board at the Grantee s termination date and the Grantee s termination of service is not for Cause. 

v. The date on which the Grantee ceases to provide service to the Company as a member of the Board for Cause. In addition, upon a termination for Cause, 

2 

the Grantee shall automatically forfeit all Shares underlying any exercised portion of an Option for which the Company has not yet delivered the Share certificates, upon refund by the Company to the Grantee of the exercise price paid by the Grantee for such Shares. Notwithstanding the prior provisions of this Paragraph 3, if after the termination of the Grantee s services to the Company, the Board determines that the Grantee has engaged in conduct that would constitute Cause hereunder, 100 of the Option shall immediately terminate and be forfeited. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause shall mean the Grantee s dishonesty, fraud, willful misconduct or commission of a criminal offence, in each case, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 

vi. The tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

c. Notwithstanding the foregoing 

A. In no event may the Option be exercised on or after the tenth anniversary of the Date of Grant; and 

B. Any portion of the Option that is not vested or exercisable at the time the Grantee ceases to provide service to the Company, and that will not subsequently vest or become exercisable as provided in subparagraph 3(b)(i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) above, shall immediately terminate and be forfeited as of the date of the Grantee s termination of service. 

4. Exercise Procedures . 

a. Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 2 and 3 above, the Grantee may exercise part or all of the vested and exercisable portions of the Option by delivering written notice to a representative of the Company designated by the Board on any business day (the Exercise Notice ). The Exercise Notice shall specify the number of Shares to be purchased accompanied by full payment of the Exercise Price for the Shares being purchased. The Exercise Notice will be effective when it is received by the Company s representative. Any Person exercising the Option after the death of the Grantee must provide appropriate documentation to the satisfaction of the Company that such Person is entitled to exercise the Option. Payment of the Exercise Price for the number of Shares being purchased in full shall be made in one (or a combination) of the following: (i) in cash or cash equivalents acceptable to the Company, (ii) with the approval of the Board, by delivery of unrestricted Shares which have already been owned by the Grantee which are surrendered to the Company having a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate Exercise Price, (iii) by payment through a broker in accordance with procedures permitted by Regulation T of the Federal Reserve Board or (iv) by such other method as the Board may approve. The Board may impose from time to time such limitations as it deems appropriate on the use of Shares of the Company to exercise the Option. 

3 

b. The Company s obligation to deliver Shares upon exercise of the Option shall be subject to the Plan (including, without limitation, Section 16 thereof) and all applicable laws, rules, regulations and stock exchange requirements and also to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be deemed appropriate by the Company, including such actions as Company counsel shall deem necessary or appropriate to comply with such applicable laws, rules, regulations and stock exchange requirements. 

c. All obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be subject to the rights of the Company as set forth in the Plan to withhold amounts required to be withheld for any taxes, if applicable, solely to the extent required by law. Subject to Board approval, if applicable, the Grantee may elect to satisfy any tax withholding obligation of the Company with respect to the Option by having Shares withheld up to an amount that does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for federal (including FICA and Medicare), state and local tax liabilities. 

5. Change of Control . The provisions of the Plan applicable to a Change of Control shall apply to the outstanding Option, and, in the event of a Change of Control, the Board may take such actions as it deems appropriate pursuant to the Plan. 

6. Restrictions on Exercise . Except as the Board may otherwise permit pursuant to the Plan, only the Grantee may exercise the Option during the Grantee s lifetime and, after the Grantee s death, the Option shall be exercisable (subject to the limitations specified in the Plan) solely by the legal representatives of the Grantee, or by the person who acquires the right to exercise the Option by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, in each case, solely to the extent that the Option is exercisable pursuant to this Agreement. 

7. Grant Subject to Plan Provisions . This grant is made pursuant to the Plan, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and in all respects shall be interpreted in accordance with the Plan. The grant and exercise of the Option are subject to interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Board in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, provisions pertaining to (a) the registration, qualification or listing of the Shares, (b) changes in capitalization of the Company and (c) other requirements of applicable law and stock exchange rules and regulations. The Board shall have the authority to interpret and construe the Option pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and its decisions shall be conclusive as to any questions arising hereunder. A copy of the Plan has been provided to the Grantee. By accepting the grant of the Option, the Grantee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees that all of the decisions and determinations of the Board shall be final and binding. 

8. No Service or Other Rights . The Grant of the Option shall not confer upon the Grantee any right to be retained by or in the service of the Company and shall not interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the Grantee s service at any time. The right of the Company to terminate at will the Grantee s service at any time for any reason is specifically reserved. 

4 

9. No Stockholder Rights . Neither the Grantee, nor any person entitled to exercise the Grantee s rights in the event of the Grantee s death, shall have any of the rights and privileges of a stockholder with respect to the Shares subject to the Option, until certificates for Shares have been issued upon the exercise of the Option. 

10. Assignment and Transfers . Except as the Board may otherwise permit pursuant to the Plan or as otherwise provided herein, the rights and interests of the Grantee under this Agreement may not be sold, assigned, encumbered or otherwise transferred except, in the event of the death of the Grantee, by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Grantee shall be permitted to transfer the Option to a family member (as defined in General Instruction A.1(a)(5) to Registration Statement on Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) of the Grantee; provided that the Grantee receives no consideration for such transfer and the transferred Option continues to be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the Option immediately prior to such transfer; and provided, further, that any such transfer shall be effectuated only by a written instrument acceptable to the Board that is executed and delivered to the Company by the Grantee and the transferee, and consented to by the Company. 

11. Data Privacy . As a condition of the grant of the Option, the Grantee hereby consents to the collection, use and transfer of personal data as described in this Paragraph 11. The Grantee understands that the Company and its affiliates hold certain personal information about the Grantee, including (as applicable) name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, salary, nationality, job title, ownership interests or directorships held in the Company or its affiliates, and details of all stock options or other equity awards or other entitlements to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested or unvested Data ). The Grantee further understands that the Company, and its affiliates will transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purposes of implementation, administration and management of the Grantee s participation in the Plan, and that the Company and any of its affiliates may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The Grantee understands that such recipients may be located in the United States or elsewhere in the world. The Grantee hereby authorizes them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Grantee s behalf, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Grantee s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Grantee may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan. The Grantee understands that he or she may, at any time, view such Data or require any necessary amendments to it. 

12. Applicable Law . The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this instrument shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. 

13. Notice . Any notice to the Company provided for in this instrument shall be addressed to the Company in care of the General Counsel at 500 Charles Ewing Boulevard, Ewing, New 

5 

Jersey 08628, and any notice to the Grantee shall be addressed to such Grantee at the current address shown on the records of the Company, or to such other address as the Grantee may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice shall be delivered by hand or by a recognized courier service such as FedEx or UPS, sent by email or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 

14. Consent to Electronic Communications . The Grantee agrees that the Company may provide him or her with any communications associated with this Option in electronic format. The Grantee s consent to receive electronic communications includes, but is not limited to, all legal and regulatory disclosures and communications associated with this Option or notices or disclosures about a change in the terms and conditions of this Option. 

15. Taxes . Any tax obligations of the Grantee and tax liability therefore, including, without limitation, any penalties or interest based upon such tax obligations, that arise from any payments made to the Grantee in respect of the Option (or any portion thereof) shall be the Grantee s sole responsibility and liability. In addition, the Grantee hereby agrees that neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall have any liability to the Grantee in respect of such tax obligations or liability. 

16. No Acquired Rights . The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Company may terminate or amend the Plan at any time; (b) the award of the Option made under this Agreement is completely independent of any other award or Grant and is made at the sole discretion of the Company; and (c) no past Grants or awards (including, without limitation, the Option awarded hereunder) give the Grantee any right to any Grants or awards in the future whatsoever. 

[ Reminder of page intentionally left blank ] 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to execute and attest this Agreement, and the Grantee has executed this Agreement, effective as of the Date of Grant. 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. 
 
 By: 	 
 
 Name: 	 
 
 Title: 	 

Grantee: 	 
 
 Date: 	 
 [ Signature Page Option Award Agreement ] 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 5
 chd-ex10_29.htm
 EX-10.29

EX-10 

CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. 
 
 2022 OMNIBUS EQUITY COMPENSATION PLAN 
 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 
 
 This RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT AGREEMENT (the Agreement ), dated as of [Month DD, YYYY] (the Date of Grant ), is delivered by Church Dwight Co., Inc. (the Company to [Participant Name] (the Grantee ). 
 
 RECITALS 
 
 The Church Dwight Co., Inc. 2022 Omnibus Equity Compensation Plan (as amended and restated effective as of April 28, 2022), as it may be amended from time to time (the Plan provides for, among other things, the grant of Stock Units of the Company, which includes the right to receive shares of Company Stock in the future, subject to restrictions set forth in this Agreement RSUs ). The Company s Board of Directors (the Board has decided to grant Stock Units in the form of RSUs as an inducement for the Grantee to continue in the service of the Company as a member of the Board and promote the best interests of the Company and its stockholders. Any capitalized term used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in the Plan. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE, the parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 
 
 1. Grant of RSUs . Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and in the Plan, the Company hereby grants to the Grantee [Granted: RSUs Granted] RSUs (the Grant ), each of which shall represent the right to receive one share of Company Stock (a Share ), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Agreement. 

2. Vesting . Except as provided in Paragraph 3 below or the Plan, 100 of the RSUs will vest on the one-year anniversary of the Date of Grant (the Vesting Date ), subject to the Grantee continuing to provide service to the Company as a member of the Board from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date. All unvested RSUs will be forfeited for no consideration if the Grantee ceases to be providing service to the Company for any reason other than Disability (as defined below), death, Retirement (as defined below), or as expressly provided in Paragraph 7 of this Agreement. 

3. Accelerated Vesting . All unvested RSUs shall immediately vest upon the happening of the first of the following events and in such event, the Vesting Date shall be deemed to be the date of the occurrence of such event: 

a. The Grantee ceases to be providing services to the Company on account of the Grantee s Disability. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Disability shall mean the Grantee s inability to render services to the Company for a period of six consecutive months by reason of permanent disability, as determined by the written 

1 

medical opinion of an independent medical physician reasonably acceptable to the Company. 

b. The Grantee dies while providing services to the Company. 

c. The Grantee s service is terminated on account of the Grantee s Retirement (as defined below), then 100 of the RSUs shall immediately vest on the date of such termination and the Restriction Period shall immediately lapse and expire. For purposes of this Agreement, the Grantee shall be considered to meet the requirements of Retirement if the Grantee has at least six years of service with the Company as a member of the Board at the Grantee s termination date and the Grantee s termination of service is not for Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, the term Cause shall mean the Grantee s dishonesty, fraud, willful misconduct or commission of a criminal offence, in each case, as determined by the Board in its sole discretion. 

4. Settlement . As soon as practicable after the Vesting Date, but in no event later than 60 days following the Vesting Date, the Company will release the Shares underlying the RSUs that vested on the Vesting Date, subject to applicable withholding in accordance with Paragraph 6(a) below, and will deliver to the Grantee (or, in the case of the Grantee s death, his or her estate) the appropriate number of Shares underlying the RSUs. 

5. Dividend Equivalents . In the event that the Company declares and pays a dividend in respect of its outstanding shares of Company Stock, Dividend Equivalents shall be credited to a bookkeeping account on the Company s records in respect of the number of outstanding RSUs, if any, held by the Grantee that have not been settled as of such record date, provided that such Dividend Equivalents shall not be deemed to be reinvested in Shares and will be held uninvested and without interest and paid in cash as soon as practicable after the Vesting Date, but in no event later than 60 days following the Vesting Date, subject to applicable withholding in accordance with Paragraph 6(a) below. For purposes of clarity, if the RSUs (or any portion thereof) are forfeited by the Grantee pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, then the Grantee shall also forfeit the Dividend Equivalents, if any, accrued with respect to such forfeited RSUs. 

6. Income Tax Procedures; Section 409A . 

a. All obligations of the Company under this Agreement shall be subject to the rights of the Company as set forth in the Plan to withhold amounts required to be withheld for any taxes, if applicable, solely to the extent required by law. Subject to Board approval, if applicable, the Grantee may elect to satisfy any tax withholding obligation of the Company with respect to the settlement of the RSUs by having Shares withheld up to an amount that does not exceed the minimum applicable withholding tax rate for federal (including FICA and Medicare), state and local tax liabilities. 

2 

b. The Company makes no guarantee regarding the tax treatment of the Grant, but the Grant, including Dividend Equivalents, is intended to be exempt from or otherwise comply with Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ), and this Agreement shall be administered and interpreted consistently with that intent. To the extent the Grant constitutes a 409A Covered Grant, a termination of service shall not be deemed to have occurred for purposes of any provision of this Agreement providing for payment upon or following a termination of the Grantee s service unless such termination is also a Separation from Service within the meaning of Section 409A and, for purposes of any such provision, references to a termination, termination of service or like terms shall mean Separation from Service. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, if the Grantee is deemed on the date of the Grantee s termination of service, directorship or consultancy to be a specified employee within the meaning of that term under Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code and using the identification methodology selected by the Company from time to time, or if none, the default methodology set forth in Section 409A and if the Grant constitutes a 409A Covered Grant, then to the extent required to be delayed in compliance with Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, any payment made under this Agreement shall not be made prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Grantee s Separation from Service and (ii) the date of the Grantee s death. All payments delayed pursuant to this Paragraph 6(b) shall be paid to the Grantee on the first day of the seventh month following the date of the Grantee s Separation from Service or, if earlier, on the date of the Grantee s death. 

7. Change of Control . The provisions of the Plan applicable to a Change of Control shall apply to the outstanding RSUs and any Dividend Equivalents, and, in the event of a Change of Control, the Board may take such actions as it deems appropriate pursuant to the Plan. 

8. Grant Subject to Plan Provisions . This Grant is made pursuant to the Plan, the terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and in all respects shall be interpreted in accordance with the Plan. The Grant is subject to interpretations, regulations and determinations concerning the Plan established from time to time by the Board in accordance with the provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, provisions pertaining to (a) the registration, qualification or listing of the Shares, (b) changes in capitalization of the Company and (c) other requirements of applicable law and stock exchange rules and regulations. The Board shall have the authority to interpret and construe the Grant pursuant to the terms of the Plan, and its decisions shall be conclusive as to any questions arising hereunder. By accepting the Grant, the Grantee agrees to be bound by the terms of the Plan and this Agreement and agrees that all of the decisions and determinations of the Board shall be final and binding. 

9. No Service or Other Rights . The Grant shall not confer upon the Grantee any right to be retained by or in the service of the Company and shall not interfere in any way with the right of the Company to terminate the Grantee s service at any time. The right of the Company to terminate at will the Grantee s service at any time for any reason is specifically reserved. 

3 

10. Issuance of Certificates . 

a. When the Grantee obtains an unrestricted right to Shares, a certificate representing the unrestricted Shares shall be issued to the Grantee, free of the restrictions under this Agreement. 

b. The Company s obligation to deliver Shares subject to the conditions provided herein shall be subject to the Plan (including, without limitation, Section 16 thereof) and all applicable laws, rules, regulations and stock exchange requirements and also to such approvals by governmental agencies as may be deemed appropriate by the Company, including such actions as Company counsel shall deem necessary or appropriate to comply with such applicable laws, rules, regulations and stock exchange requirements. 

11. Stockholder Rights . The Grantee shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares covered by any RSU unless and until the Grantee has become the holder of record of the Shares, and no adjustments shall be made for dividends in cash or other property, distributions or other rights in respect of any such shares, except as otherwise specifically provided for in this Agreement or the Plan. 

12. Assignment and Transfers . Except as otherwise expressly provided in Section 14(a) of the Plan, the rights and interests of the Grantee in the Grant, including any Dividend Equivalents, may not be sold, assigned, encumbered or otherwise transferred. In the event of any attempt by the Grantee to alienate, assign, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of the Grant or any right hereunder, including any Dividend Equivalents, except as provided for in this Agreement, or in the event of the levy or any attachment, execution or similar process upon the rights or interests hereby conferred, the Company may terminate the Grant by notice to the Grantee, and the RSUs and all rights hereunder, including any Dividend Equivalents, shall thereupon become null and void. The rights and protections of the Company hereunder shall extend to any successors or assigns of the Company and to the Company s parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates. This Agreement may be assigned by the Company without the Grantee s consent. 

13. Data Privacy Consent . As a condition of the grant of the RSUs, the Grantee hereby consents to the collection, use and transfer of personal data as described in this Paragraph 13. The Grantee understands that the Company and its affiliates hold certain personal information about the Grantee, including (as applicable) name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social security number, social insurance number, salary, nationality, job title, ownership interests or directorships held in the Company or its affiliates, and details of all stock options or other equity awards or other entitlements to Shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested or unvested Data ). The Grantee further understands that the Company and its affiliates will transfer Data amongst themselves as necessary for the purposes of implementation, administration and management of the Grantee s participation in the Plan, and that the Company and any of its affiliates may each further transfer Data to any third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of the Plan. The 

4 

Grantee understands that such recipients may be located in the United States or elsewhere in the world. The Grantee hereby authorizes them to receive, possess, use, retain and transfer such Data as may be required for the administration of the Plan or the subsequent holding of Shares on the Grantee s behalf, in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering and managing the Grantee s participation in the Plan, including any requisite transfer to a broker or other third party with whom the Grantee may elect to deposit any Shares acquired under the Plan. The Grantee understands that he or she may, at any time, view such Data or require any necessary amendments to it. 

14. Applicable Law . The validity, construction, interpretation and effect of this instrument shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to the conflicts of laws provisions thereof. 

15. Notice . Any notice to the Company provided for in this instrument shall be addressed to the Company in care of the General Counsel at 500 Charles Ewing Blvd. Ewing, NJ 08628, and any notice to the Grantee shall be addressed to such the Grantee at the current address shown on the records of the Company, or to such other address as the Grantee may designate to the Company in writing. Any notice shall be delivered by hand or by a recognized courier service such as FedEx or UPS, sent by email or enclosed in a properly sealed envelope addressed as stated above, registered and deposited, postage prepaid, in a post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 

16. Consent to Electronic Communications . The Grantee agrees that the Company may provide him or her with any communications associated with the Grant in electronic format. The Grantee s consent to receive electronic communications includes, but is not limited to, all legal and regulatory disclosures and communications associated with the Grant or notices or disclosures about a change in the terms and conditions of the Grant. 

17. Taxes . Any tax obligations of the Grantee and tax liability therefore, including, without limitation, any penalties or interest based upon such tax obligations, that arise from any payments made to the Grantee in respect of the Grant (or any portion thereof) shall be the Grantee s sole responsibility and liability. In addition, the Grantee hereby agrees that neither the Company nor any of its affiliates shall have any liability to the Grantee in respect of such tax obligations or liability. 

18. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

19. No Acquired Rights . The Grantee acknowledges and agrees that: (a) the Company may terminate or amend the Plan at any time; (b) the award of RSUs made under this Agreement is completely independent of any other award or Grant and is made at the sole discretion of the Company; and (c) no past Grants or awards (including, without limitation, the RSUs awarded hereunder) give the Grantee any right to any Grants or awards in the future whatsoever. 

5 

20. Severability and Judicial Modification . Whenever possible, each provision of this Agreement will be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any respect under any applicable law or rule in any jurisdiction, (a) each of the Company, each of its Subsidiaries and their respective successors, and the Grantee hereby agree that such provision(s) should be modified by the court and, to the maximum extent permissible under the applicable law, enforced; and (b) any invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of a particular provision will not affect any other provision of this Agreement. 

21. Grantee Acknowledgements . The Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and the prospectus and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and conditions thereof, and hereby accepts this Agreement subject to all of the terms and conditions thereof. 

6 

[ Reminder of page intentionally left blank ] 
 7 

[ Signature Page RSU Award Agreement ] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused its duly authorized officer to execute and attest this Agreement, and the Grantee has executed this Agreement, effective as of the Date of Grant. 
 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. 
 
 By: 	 
 
 Name: 	 
 
 Title: 	 

Grantee: 	 
 
 Date: 	 
 
 [ Signature Page RSU Award Agreement ] 

</EX-10>

<EX-21>
 6
 chd-ex21.htm
 EX-21

EX-21 

Exhibit 21 
 CHURCH DWIGHT CO., INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 EXHIBIT 21 - List of the Company s subsidiaries 

Name of Subsidiary (As it is stated in its organizational document under which it does business) 
 
 State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization 

Church Dwight Canada Corp. 
 
 Canada 

Church Dwight (Australia) Pty Ltd 
 
 Australia 

Armkel Company (France) S.A.S. 
 
 France 

Sofibel S.A.S. 
 
 France 

Church Dwight (U.K.) Limited 
 
 United Kingdom 

Church Dwight S. de R.L. de C.V. 
 
 Mexico 

Water Pik, Inc. 
 
 Delaware 

The Company s remaining subsidiaries, if considered in the aggregate as a single subsidiary, would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of December 31, 2022. This list does not include joint ventures in which the Company has an ownership interest. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 chd-ex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

Exhibit 23 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-189398, 333-152139, 333-127019, 333-112544, 333-112546 and 333-112547 on Form S-8 and 333-166762, 333-200721, 333-220535 and 333-254699 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 16, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Church Dwight Co., Inc., and the effectiveness of Church Dwight Co., Inc. s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Morristown, NJ 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 chd-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Matthew T. Farrell, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Church Dwight Co., Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of any material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on our evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ Matthew T. Farrell 

Matthew T. Farrell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 9
 chd-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Richard A. Dierker, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Church Dwight Co., Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of any material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on our evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 February 16, 2023 
 
 /s/ Richard A. Dierker 

Richard A. Dierker 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 10
 chd-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT AND 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

I, Matthew T. Farrell, President and Chief Executive Officer of Church Dwight Co., Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, based on my knowledge: 
 
 	1.	The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 	2.	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Matthew T. Farrell 

Matthew T. Farrell 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Dated: 
 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 11
 chd-ex32_2.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(b) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT AND 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

I, Richard A. Dierker, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Church Dwight Co., Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, based on my knowledge: 
 
 	1.	The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 
 
 	2.	The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

By: 
 
 /s/ Richard A. Dierker 

Richard A. Dierker 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

Dated: 
 
 February 16, 2023 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 chd-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 chd-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 15
 chd-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 chd-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 17
 chd-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

