<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_90498_0001628280-23-005228.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>27144294</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>437439</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3320637</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>11261991</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5859022</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5719463</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-005228.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230227152208
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-005228
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000090498
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				710407808
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AR
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-06253
		FILM NUMBER:		23673987

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			PINE BLUFF
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			71601
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8705411000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			PINE BLUFF
		STATE:			AR
		ZIP:			71601

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-005228.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 sfnc-20221231.htm
 FORM 10-K

sfnc-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission file number 
 ORATION 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Zip Code) (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act.). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022, was based upon the last trade price as reported on the Nasdaq Global Select Market of 21.26. 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock as of February 23, 2023, was . 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 
 INDEX 
 
 Part I 
 Item 1 
 Business 
 5 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 19 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 32 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 32 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 32 
 Part II 
 Item 5 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 32 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 33 
 Item 7 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 34 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 Item 8 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 66 
 Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 136 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 136 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 136 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 136 
 Part III 
 Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 137 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 138 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 138 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 138 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 138 
 Part IV 
 Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 138 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 143 
 Signatures 
 144 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not be based on historical facts and should be considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may be identified by reference to a future period(s) or by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as anticipate, believe, budget, contemplate, continue, estimate, expect, foresee, intend, indicate, likely, target, plan, positions, prospects, project, predict, or potential, by future conditional verbs such as could, may, might, should, will, or would, by variations of such words, or by similar expressions. These forward-looking statements include, without limitation, those relating to the Company s future growth, acquisitions and their expected benefits, revenue, expenses, assets, asset quality, profitability, earnings, accretion, dividends, customer service, lending capacity and lending activity, investment in digital channels, critical accounting policies and estimates, net interest margin, noninterest revenue, market conditions related to and the impact of the Company s stock repurchase program, consumer behavior and liquidity, the Company s ability to recruit and retain key employees, the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the ability of the Company to manage the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, income tax deductions, credit quality, the level of credit losses from lending commitments, net interest revenue, interest rates and interest rate sensitivity, repricing of loans and time deposits, loan loss experience, liquidity, the Company s expectations regarding actions by the Federal Home Loan Banks FHLB including with respect to the FHLB s option to terminate FOTO advances, capital resources, market risk, plans for investments in (and cash flows from) securities, effect of pending and future litigation (including the results of certain overdraft fee litigation against the Company that is described in this annual report), acquisition strategy and activity, legal and regulatory limitations and compliance, and competition. 
 
 These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, and may not be realized due to a variety of factors, including, without limitation: changes in the Company s operating, acquisition, or expansion strategy; the effects of future economic conditions (including unemployment levels and slowdowns in economic growth), governmental monetary and fiscal policies (including the policies of the Federal Reserve), as well as legislative and regulatory changes, including in response to the COVID-19 pandemic; the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Company s operations and performance; the ultimate effect of measures the Company takes or has taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic; the pace of recovery when the COVID-19 pandemic subsides and the heightened impact it has on many of the risks described herein and in other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC changes in real estate values; changes in interest rates; changes in liquidity; inflation; changes in the level and composition of deposits, loan demand, and the values of loan collateral, securities and interest sensitive assets and liabilities; changes in the securities markets generally or the price of the Company s common stock specifically; developments in information technology affecting the financial industry; cyber threats, attacks or events; reliance on third parties for the provision of key services; further changes in accounting principles relating to loan loss recognition; uncertainty and disruption associated with the discontinued use of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate; the costs of evaluating possible acquisitions and the risks inherent in integrating acquisitions; possible adverse rulings, judgements, settlements, and other outcomes of pending or future litigation; market disruptions, including pandemics or significant health hazards, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, terrorist activities, financial crises, political crises, war and other military conflicts (including the ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine) or other major events, or the prospect of these events; the effects of competition from other commercial banks, thrifts, mortgage banking firms, consumer finance companies, credit unions, securities brokerage firms, insurance companies, money market and other mutual funds, and other financial institutions operating in our market area and elsewhere, including institutions operating regionally, nationally, and internationally, together with such competitors offering banking products and services by mail, telephone, computer, and the internet; the failure of assumptions underlying the establishment of reserves for possible credit losses, fair value for loans, other real estate owned, and those factors set forth under Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report and other cautionary statements set forth elsewhere in this report. Many of these factors are beyond our ability to predict or control, and actual results could differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements due to these factors and others. In addition, as a result of these and other factors, our past financial performance should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 
 
 We believe the assumptions and expectations that underlie or are reflected in our forward-looking statements are reasonable, based on information available to us on the date hereof. However, given the described uncertainties and risks, we cannot guarantee our future performance or results of operations or whether our future performance will differ materially from the performance reflected in or implied by our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date hereof, and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, and all written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us are expressly qualified in their entirety by this section. 

4 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 Simmons First National Corporation, an Arkansas corporation organized in 1968, is a financial holding company registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. The terms Company, we, us, and our refer to Simmons First National Corporation and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. The Company is headquartered in Pine Bluff, Arkansas, and had total consolidated assets of 27.5 billion, total consolidated loans of 16.1 billion, total consolidated deposits of 22.5 billion and equity capital of 3.3 billion, each as of December 31, 2022. The Company, through its subsidiaries, provides banking and other financial products and services in markets located in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. 
 
 We seek to build shareholder value by, among other things, focusing on strong asset quality, maintaining strong capital, managing our liquidity position, improving our operational efficiency and opportunistically growing our business, both organically and through mergers with and acquisitions of other financial institutions. Our business philosophy centers on building strong, deep customer relationships through excellent customer service and integrity in our operations. While we have grown in recent years into a regional financial institution and one of the largest bank/financial holding companies headquartered in the State of Arkansas, we continue to emphasize, where practicable, a community-based mindset focused on local associates responding to local banking needs and making business decisions in the markets they serve. Those efforts, though, are buttressed by experienced, centralized support functions in select, critical areas. While we serve a variety of customers and industries, we are not dependent on any single customer or industry. 
 
 Subsidiary Bank 
 
 The Company s lead subsidiary, Simmons Bank Simmons Bank or the Bank ), is an Arkansas state-chartered bank that has been in operation since 1903. 
 
 Simmons Bank provides banking and other financial products and services to individuals and businesses using a network of approximately 230 financial centers in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. Simmons Bank offers commercial banking products and services to business and other corporate customers. Simmons Bank extends loans for a broad range of corporate purposes, including financing commercial real estate, construction of particular properties, commercial and industrial uses, acquisition and equipment financings, and other general corporate needs. Simmons Bank also engages in small business administration SBA and agricultural finance lending, and it offers corporate credit card products, as well as corporate deposit products and treasury management services. 
 
 In addition, Simmons Bank offers a variety of consumer banking products and services, including savings, time, and checking deposit products; ATM services; internet and mobile banking platforms; overdraft facilities; real estate, home equity, and other consumer loans and lines of credit; consumer credit card products; and safe deposit boxes. Simmons Bank also maintains a networking arrangement with a third-party broker-dealer that offers brokerage services to Simmons Bank customers, as well as a trust department that provides a variety of trust, investment, agency, and custodial services for individual and corporate clients (including, among other things, administration of estates and personal trusts as well as management of investment accounts). 
 
 Additionally, Simmons First Insurance Services, Inc. and Simmons First Insurance Services of TN, LLC are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Simmons Bank and are insurance agencies that offer various lines of personal and corporate insurance coverage to individual and commercial customers. 

5 

Community, Metro and Corporate Bank Strategy 
 
 Historically, the Company utilized separately chartered community bank subsidiaries to provide full-service banking products and services across our footprint. During 2014, we consolidated all separately chartered banks into Simmons Bank in order to more effectively meet the increased regulatory burden facing banks, reduce certain operating costs, and more efficiently perform operational duties. To both effectively compete in and service the needs of the different types of markets that are now included in our footprint, Simmons Bank now operates using two main groups, a community banking group and a metro banking group, within its geographic footprint. Additionally, Simmons Bank has established a Corporate Banking Group that consists of certain specialized lending units to service the needs of particular types of borrowers. Currently, Simmons Bank s community, metro and corporate banking groups are organized as follows: 
 Community Banking Group Metro Banking Group Corporate Banking Group East Arkansas Community Division Arkansas Metro Division (Little Rock, Arkansas; Northwest Arkansas) 
 Structured Real Estate Unit West Arkansas Community Division Nashville Metro Division (Nashville, Tennessee) 
 Commercial Finance Unit Tennessee Community Division (East Tennessee and West Tennessee) 
 Memphis Metro Division (Memphis, Tennessee) 
 Equipment Finance Unit Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas Community Division (Central Missouri, South Central Missouri, Southwest Missouri, Southeast Oklahoma, Stillwater, Oklahoma, North Texas) 
 Missouri Metro Division (St. Louis, Missouri; Kansas City, Missouri; Kansas City, Kansas) 
 Public Sector Banking Unit Greater Texas Community Division (Houston, North Houston, South Texas, Northeast Texas, College Station, North Central Texas) 
 Texas Metro Division (Dallas, Texas; Ft. Worth, Texas; North Dallas, Texas; Austin, Texas; San Antonio, Texas) 
 Participations/Syndications Unit Western Metro Division (Wichita, Kansas; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Tulsa, Oklahoma) 
 Asset Based Lending Unit Mortgage Warehouse Unit 
 Growth Strategy 
 
 Over the years, as we have expanded our markets and services, our growth strategy has evolved and diversified. We have used varying acquisition and internal branching methods to enter key growth markets and increase the size of our footprint. 
 
 Since 1990, we have completed 21 whole bank acquisitions, one trust company acquisition, five bank branch acquisitions, one bankruptcy (363) acquisition, four FDIC failed bank acquisitions and four Resolution Trust Corporation failed thrift acquisitions. The following summary provides additional details concerning our more recent acquisition activity. 
 
 In 2013, we completed the acquisition of Metropolitan National Bank Metropolitan or MNB from Rogers Bancshares, Inc. RBI ). The purchase was completed through an auction of the MNB stock by the U. S. Bankruptcy Court as a part of the Chapter 11 proceeding of RBI. MNB, which was headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas, served central and northwest Arkansas and had total assets of 950 million. Upon completion of the acquisition, MNB and our Rogers, Arkansas chartered bank, Simmons First Bank of Northwest Arkansas were merged into Simmons Bank. As an in-market acquisition, MNB had significant branch overlap with our existing branch footprint. We completed the systems conversion for MNB on March 21, 2014, and simultaneously closed 27 branch locations that had overlapping footprints with other locations. 
 
 On August 31, 2014, we completed the acquisition of Delta Trust Banking Corporation Delta Trust ), including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Delta Trust Bank. Also headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas, Delta Trust had total assets of 420 million. The acquisition further expanded Simmons Bank's presence in south, central and northwest Arkansas and allowed us the opportunity to provide services that had not previously been offered with the addition of Delta Trust's insurance agency and securities brokerage service. We merged Delta Trust Bank into Simmons Bank and completed the systems conversion on October 24, 2014. At that time, we also closed 4 branch locations with overlapping footprints. 
 
 In February 2015, we completed the acquisition of Liberty Bancshares, Inc. Liberty ), including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Liberty Bank. Liberty was headquartered in Springfield, Missouri, served southwest Missouri and had total assets of 
 
 6 

1.1 billion. The acquisition enhanced Simmons Bank s presence not only in southwest Missouri, but also in the St. Louis and Kansas City metropolitan areas. The acquisition also allowed us the opportunity to provide services that we had not previously offered in these areas such as trust and securities brokerage services. In addition, Liberty s expertise in SBA lending enhanced our commercial offerings throughout our geographies. We merged Liberty Bank into Simmons Bank and completed the systems conversion in April 2015. 
 
 Also in February 2015, we completed the acquisition of Community First Bancshares, Inc. Community First ), including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, First State Bank. Community First was headquartered in Union City, Tennessee, served customers throughout Tennessee, and had total assets of 1.9 billion. The acquisition expanded our footprint into Tennessee and allowed us the opportunity to provide additional services to customers in this area and expand our community banking strategy. In addition, Community First s expertise in SBA and consumer lending benefited our customers across each region. We merged First State Bank into Simmons Bank and completed the systems conversion in September 2015. 
 
 In October 2015, we completed the acquisition of Ozark Trust Investment Corporation Ozark Trust ), including its wholly-owned non-deposit trust company, Trust Company of the Ozarks. Headquartered in Springfield, Missouri, Ozark Trust had over 1 billion in assets under management and provided a wide range of financial services for its clients including investment management, trust services, IRA rollover or transfers, successor trustee services and personal representative and custodial services. As our first acquisition of a fee-only financial firm, Ozark Trust provided a new wealth management capability that could be leveraged across the Company s entire geographic footprint. 
 
 In September 2016, we completed the acquisition of Citizens National Bank Citizens ), headquartered in Athens, Tennessee. Citizens had total assets of 585 million and strengthened our position in east Tennessee by nine branches. The acquisition expanded our footprint in east Tennessee and allowed us the opportunity to provide additional services to customers in this area and expand our community banking strategy. We merged Citizens into Simmons Bank and completed the systems conversion in October 2016. 
 
 In May 2017, we completed the acquisition of Hardeman County Investment Company, Inc. Hardeman ), headquartered in Jackson, Tennessee, including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, First South Bank. We acquired approximately 463 million in assets and strengthened our position in the western Tennessee market. We merged First South Bank into Simmons Bank and completed the systems conversion in September 2017. As part of the systems conversion, we consolidated or closed three existing Simmons Bank and two First South Bank branches due to overlapping footprint. 
 
 In October 2017, we completed the acquisition of First Texas BHC, Inc. First Texas ), headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas, including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Southwest Bank. Southwest Bank had total assets of 2.4 billion. This acquisition allowed us to enter the Texas banking markets, and it also strengthened our specialty product offerings in the areas of SBA lending and trust services. The systems conversion was completed in February 2018, at which time Southwest Bank was merged into Simmons Bank. 
 
 Also in October 2017, we completed the acquisition of Southwest Bancorp, Inc. OKSB ), including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Bank SNB. Headquartered in Stillwater, Oklahoma, OKSB provided us with 2.7 billion in assets, allowed us additional entry into the Oklahoma, Texas and Colorado banking markets, and strengthened our Kansas franchise and our product offerings in the healthcare and real estate industries. The systems conversion was completed in May 2018, at which time Bank SNB was merged into Simmons Bank. 
 
 In April 2019, we completed the acquisition of Reliance Bancshares, Inc. Reliance ), headquartered in Des Peres, Missouri (part of the greater St. Louis metropolitan area), including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Reliance Bank. We acquired approximately 1.5 billion in assets and added 22 branches to the Simmons Bank footprint, substantially enhancing our retail presence within the St. Louis market, and entering the state of Illinois for the first time. The systems conversion was completed in April 2019, at which time Reliance Bank was merged into Simmons Bank. 
 
 In October 2019, we completed the acquisition of The Landrum Company Landrum ), headquartered in Columbia, Missouri, including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Landmark Bank. We acquired approximately 3.4 billion in assets and further strengthened our position in Missouri, Oklahoma and Texas. The systems conversion was completed in February 2020, at which time Landmark Bank merged into Simmons Bank. In connection with the systems conversion, we closed five existing Landmark Bank branches. 
 
 In October 2021, we completed the acquisition of Landmark Community Bank Landmark ), headquartered in Collierville, Tennessee, as well as the acquisition of Triumph Bancshares, Inc. Triumph ), including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Triumph Bank, headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee. Landmark had total assets of 968.8 million, while Triumph provided us 
 
 7 

with 847.2 million in assets. These combined acquisitions allowed us to expand our existing footprint in Tennessee and to further enhance our scale in two of our key Tennessee growth markets Memphis and Nashville. The systems conversions for both Landmark and Triumph Bank were completed in October 2021, at which time Landmark and Triumph Bank were merged into Simmons Bank. 
 
 In April 2022, we completed the acquisition of Spirit of Texas Bancshares, Inc. Spirit ), headquartered in Conroe, Texas, including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Spirit of Texas Bank SSB Spirit Bank ). We acquired approximately 3.1 billion in assets and further strengthened our position in Texas. The systems conversion was completed in April 2022, at which time Spirit Bank merged into Simmons Bank. 
 
 Merger and Acquisition Strategy 
 
 Merger and acquisition activities have been an important part of the Company s growth strategy. While we continue to consider strategic merger and acquisition opportunities if and as they arise, and while we continue to believe that current market and industry conditions will continue to cause various financial institutions to seek merger partners in the near-to-intermediate future, in the near term, we are also enhancing our focus on ensuring that we capitalize on organic growth opportunities in many of the markets that we have had the fortune to enter through previous mergers and acquisitions. Through our Better Bank initiative, we are also focusing on evaluating and, where appropriate, enhancing our people, processes and systems so that we are able to more effectively and efficiently compete as an organization of the size and scale that we now have achieved. 
 
 To the extent that a strategic merger and acquisition opportunity becomes of interest, we believe our community banking philosophy, access to capital and successful merger and acquisition history would position us as a purchaser of choice for a community and regional bank seeking a strong partner. 
 
 As consolidations continue to unfold in the banking industry, the management of risk is an important consideration in how the Company evaluates and consummates these transactions. The senior management teams of both the Company and Simmons Bank have extensive experience in acquiring banks, branches and deposits and post-acquisition integration of operations. We believe this experience positions us to successfully acquire and integrate banks to the extent a compelling strategic opportunity presents itself. 
 
 The process of merging or acquiring banking organizations is extremely complex; it requires a great deal of time and effort from both buyer and seller. The business, legal, operational, organizational, accounting, and tax issues all must be addressed if the merger or acquisition is to be successful. Throughout the process, valuation is an important aspect of the decision-making process, from initial target analysis through integration of the entities. Merger and acquisition strategies are vitally important in order to derive the maximum benefit out of a potential deal. 
 
 Strategic considerations that can cause an acquirer or a target institution to explore or support a merger or acquisition transaction include, among other things: 
 
 Potentially retaining the target institution s senior management and providing them with an appealing level of autonomy post-integration. 
 Encouraging acquired banks, their boards and their associates to maintain their community involvement, while empowering the banks to offer a broader array of financial products and services. We believe this approach leads to enhanced profitability of the combined franchise after the acquisition. 
 Taking advantage of future opportunities that can be exploited when the two companies are combined. Companies need to position themselves to take advantage of emerging trends in the marketplace. 
 Strengthening the bench. One company may have a major weakness (such as poor distribution or service delivery) whereas the other company has some significant strength. By combining the two companies, each company fills in strategic gaps that are essential for long-term survival. 
 Acquiring human resources and intellectual capital can help improve innovative thinking and development within the Company. 
 Acquiring a regional or multi-state bank can provide the Company with access to emerging/established markets and/or increased products and services. 
 Providing additional scale and market share within our existing footprint. 
 
 8 

Loan Risk Assessment 
 
 As part of our ongoing risk assessment and analysis, the Company utilizes credit policies and procedures, internal credit expertise and several internal layers of review. The internal layers of ongoing review include Division Presidents, Division and Senior Credit Officers, the Chief Credit Officer and Corporate Credit Officers, an Agriculture Loan Committee, an Executive Loan Committee, a Senior Credit Committee, and a Directors Credit Committee. 
 
 Additionally, the Company has an Asset Quality Review Committee comprised of management that meets quarterly to review the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses. The Committee reviews the status of past due, non-performing and other impaired loans, reserve ratios, and additional performance indicators for Simmons Bank. The appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses is determined based upon the aforementioned performance factors, and provision adjustments are made accordingly. 
 
 The Board of Directors reviews the adequacy of its allowance for credit losses on a periodic basis giving consideration to past due loans, non-performing loans, other impaired loans, and current economic conditions. Our loan review department monitors loan information monthly. In order to verify the accuracy of the monthly analysis of the allowance for credit losses, the loan review department performs a detailed review of loans across each product line and all divisions on an annual basis or more often if warranted. Additionally, we have instituted a Special Asset Committee for the purpose of reviewing criticized loans in regard to collateral adequacy, workout strategies and proper reserve allocations. 
 
 Competition 
 
 There is significant competition among commercial banks in our various market areas. In addition, we also compete with other providers of financial services, such as savings and loan associations, credit unions, finance companies, securities firms, insurance companies, full service brokerage firms, discount brokerage firms and fintech companies. Some of our competitors have greater resources and, as such, may have higher lending limits and may offer other services that we do not provide. Some of our competitors operate only in digital channels, which may result in those competitors investing greater resources in information technology and digital product and service delivery without the overhead associated with a branch network. We generally compete on the basis of customer service and responsiveness to customer needs, available loan and deposit products, the rates of interest charged on loans, the rates of interest paid for funds, and the availability and pricing of trust and brokerage services. 
 
 Nonbank competitors are increasingly offering products and services that traditionally were bank products. Many of these nonbank competitors are not subject to the same extensive federal regulations that govern bank holding companies and federally insured banks, which may allow them to offer greater lending limits and certain products and services that the Company and its affiliates do not provide. 
 
 Principal Offices and Available Information 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 501 Main Street, Pine Bluff, Arkansas 71601, and our telephone number is (870) 541-1000. We also have corporate offices located at 601 E. 3rd Street, Little Rock, Arkansas 72201. We maintain a website at www.simmonsbank.com . On this website under the Investor Relations section, we make our filings with the SEC (including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) available free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. In addition, our website contains other news and announcements about the Company and its subsidiaries. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website are not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and are not considered part of, this Annual Report. 

9 

Human Capital 
 
 Our associates are a critical component of our success. Because our business depends on our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified, skilled lending, operations, information technology, and other associates, as well as managers who are experienced and effective at leading their respective departments, we have implemented wide-ranging programs focused on identifying and recruiting new talent, as well as enhancing the skills, qualifications, and satisfaction of our current associate base. In recruiting, we employ a variety of strategies, including, among other things, the use of in-house recruiters, search firms, and employment agencies, designed to attract qualified and diverse candidates. Among other opportunities, we offer student internships and a banker trainee program that provides recent graduates with the opportunity to gain insight into several Company departments. We believe our compensation program, which, in addition to base and incentive compensation, includes health, retirement, and an array of other benefit plans and programs, is competitive within the financial industry, and we periodically review our plans and programs, as well as market surveys, to help ensure that our compensation program is consistent with our level of performance and that we have a current understanding of peer practices. 
 
 We provide our associates a variety of professional development opportunities, including participation in industry conferences, instructor-led continuing education and training sessions, as well as online training sessions that focus on industry, regulatory, business, and leadership topics. We offer mentorship opportunities through our Simmons Sidekick, Ambassadors and Coaching Cohorts programs, and we provide tuition reimbursement for associates to attend a higher education facility to obtain bachelor s and master s degrees that are relevant to the finance industry and/or their positions within the Company. We seek to promote from within the Company when feasible and have established programs, such as our Next Generation Leadership Program, to help develop future leadership talent. 
 
 We are committed to maintaining a strong culture that not only engages associates but also serves as a catalyst for growth. Our values-based culture is memorialized in a set of Culture Cornerstones that are communicated to all associates and incorporated in various ways throughout our operations. We strive for all six of our Culture Cornerstones - Better Together; Integrity; Passion; High Performance; Pursue Growth; and Build Loyalty - to be reflected in everything we do, including how we interact with each other, how we interact with our customers, and how we interact with our vendors and business partners. Our sixth Culture Cornerstone, Build Loyalty, was added in 2022 to provide a compelling and pervasive customer service operational approach that is designed to produce exceptional internal and external customer experiences. In 2022, we also focused on our Culture Cornerstone of High Performance by implementing extensive new training and programming to support leaders and associates. We are also committed to promoting our associates well-being. Our wellness program, Ultimate You, assists associates in improving their level of physical, financial, and mental fitness through offerings such as discounted gym memberships, financial literacy training, channels for counseling, and health-focused challenges and contests. Finally, our inclusion program, We Are Simmons, celebrates and supports the unique perspectives, experiences, and backgrounds of our associates. We believe these differences help us better serve our customers and make us stronger as a whole. In connection with this program, we have introduced Employee Resource Groups for veterans, women, African Americans, and LGBTQIA+ associates. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiaries had approximately 3,202 full time equivalent associates. None of our associates are represented by any union or similar groups, and we have not experienced any labor disputes or strikes arising from any such organized labor groups. We consider our relationship with our associates to be good and strive to operate with an open door policy where associate concerns and issues can be discussed anytime directly with leadership or human resources. We have been recognized with Best Places to Work awards in several of our markets. 

SUPERVISION AND REGULATION 
 
 The Company 
 
 The Company, as a bank holding company, is subject to both federal and state regulation. Under federal law, a bank holding company generally must obtain approval from the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System FRB before acquiring ownership or control of the assets or stock of a bank or a bank holding company. Prior to approval of any proposed acquisition, the FRB will review the effect on competition of the proposed acquisition, as well as other regulatory issues. 
 
 The federal law generally prohibits a bank holding company from directly or indirectly engaging in non-banking activities. This prohibition does not include loan servicing, liquidating activities or other activities so closely related to banking as to be a proper incident thereto. Bank holding companies, including the Company, which have elected to qualify as financial holding companies, are authorized to engage in financial activities. Financial activities include any activity that is financial in nature or any activity that is incidental or complimentary to a financial activity. 
 
 10 

As a financial holding company, we are required to file with the FRB an annual report and such additional information as may be required by law. From time to time, the FRB examines the financial condition of the Company and its subsidiaries. Bank holding companies are not permitted to engage in unsafe and unsound banking practices. The FRB, through civil and criminal sanctions, is authorized to exercise enforcement powers over bank holding companies (including financial holding companies) and non-banking subsidiaries, to limit activities that represent unsafe or unsound practices or constitute violations of law. 
 
 Federal law also requires the Company to act as a source of financial and managerial strength for our bank subsidiary and to commit resources to support that subsidiary. This support may be required by federal banking agencies even at times when a bank holding company may not have the resources to provide the support. Further, if the FRB believes that a bank holding company s activities, assets or affiliates represent a significant risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of its subsidiary bank, then the FRB could require that bank holding company to terminate the activities, liquidate the assets or divest the affiliates. Federal banking agencies, including the FRB, may require these and other actions in support of a subsidiary bank even if such actions are not in the best interests of the bank holding company or its stockholders. 
 
 We are subject to certain laws and regulations of the State of Arkansas applicable to financial and bank holding companies, including examination and supervision by the Arkansas Bank Commissioner. Under Arkansas law, a financial or bank holding company is prohibited from owning more than one subsidiary bank if any subsidiary bank owned by the holding company has been chartered for less than five years and, further, requires the approval of the Arkansas Bank Commissioner for any acquisition of more than 25 of the capital stock of any other bank located in the State of Arkansas. No bank acquisition may be approved if, after such acquisition, the holding company would control, directly or indirectly, banks having 25 of the total bank deposits in the State of Arkansas, excluding deposits of other banks and public funds. 
 
 Additionally, under federal and state law, acquisitions of the Company s common stock above certain thresholds or in connection with certain governance rights or business relationships may be subject to certain regulatory restrictions, including prior notice and approval requirements, and investors in the Company s common stock are responsible for ensuring that they comply with these restrictions to the extent they are applicable. 
 
 Federal legislation allows bank holding companies (including financial holding companies) from any state to acquire banks located in any state without regard to state law, provided that the holding company (1) is well capitalized, (2) is well managed, (3) would not control more than 10 of the insured deposits in the United States or more than 30 of the insured deposits in such state, and (4) such bank has been in existence at least five years if so required by the applicable state law. 
 
 The principal source of the Company s liquidity is dividends from Simmons Bank, the payment of which is subject to certain limitations imposed by federal and state laws. The approval of the Arkansas Bank Commissioner is, for instance, required if the total of all dividends declared by an Arkansas state bank in any calendar year exceeds seventy-five percent (75 of the total of its net profits, as defined, for that year combined with seventy-five percent (75 of its retained net profits of the preceding year. Under the foregoing dividend restrictions, and while maintaining its well capitalized status, at December 31, 2022, Simmons Bank had paid to the Company all available dividends. While past dividends are not necessarily indicative of amounts that may be paid or available to be paid in future periods, net profits of Simmons Bank and cash balances at the Company are projected to be sufficient to pay quarterly dividends on the Company s common stock at current levels and interest and principal on the Company s debt as well as meet other liquidity needs. 
 
 In 2019, final rules were adopted that, among other things, eliminated a prior approval requirement in the Basel III Capital Rules (discussed below) for a bank holding company to repurchase shares of its common stock, provided that the bank holding company is well capitalized both before and after the proposed repurchase, well-managed, and not the subject of any unresolved supervisory issues. However, a bank holding company s repurchases of shares of its common stock may, in certain circumstances, be subject to approval or notice requirements under other regulations, policies, or supervisory expectations of the bank holding company s regulators, may be discouraged by regulators in the form of supervisory feedback on the bank holding company s regulatory capital levels or plan, and must comply with all applicable state and federal corporate and securities laws and regulations. 
 
 Subsidiary Bank 
 
 Simmons Bank is an Arkansas state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System through the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Due to the Company s typical acquisition process, there may be brief periods of time during which the Company may operate another subsidiary bank that the Company acquired through a merger with a target bank holding company as a separate subsidiary while preparing for the merger and integration of that subsidiary bank into Simmons Bank. However, it is the Company s intent to generally maintain Simmons Bank as the Company s sole subsidiary bank. 

11 

The lending powers of the subsidiary bank are generally subject to certain restrictions, including the amount which may be loaned to a single borrower. Our subsidiary bank is a member of the FDIC, which provides insurance on deposits of each member bank up to applicable limits by the Deposit Insurance Fund. For this protection, our bank pays a statutory assessment to the FDIC each year. 
 
 Furthermore, as a member of the Federal Reserve System, our subsidiary bank is required by law to maintain reserves against its transaction deposits as required by the FRB. The reserves must be held in cash or with the FRB. Banks are permitted to meet this requirement by maintaining the specified amount as an average balance over a two-week period. During 2020, due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the FRB acting pursuant to the Federal Reserve Act reduced the reserve requirements to zero until further notice. As a result, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s reserve balances were zero. 
 
 Pursuant to federal laws and regulations, national and state-chartered banks may establish branches in their home states, as well as in other states. Applications to establish branches must be filed with the appropriate primary federal regulator and, where applicable, the bank s state regulatory authority. As an Arkansas state-chartered bank, our subsidiary bank files branch applications with both the FRB and the Arkansas State Bank Department. 
 
 Federal laws and regulations also restrict banks, including our subsidiary bank, from establishing certain tying arrangements. In particular, subject to certain exceptions, banks, including our subsidiary bank, are prohibited from extending credit, leasing or selling property, furnishing services, or varying prices on the condition that the customer obtain an additional product or service from the bank or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the bank or its affiliates. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates and Insiders 
 
 Under federal law, transactions between insured depository institutions and their affiliates are governed by Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation W. In a bank holding company context, at a minimum, the parent holding company of a bank, any companies which are controlled by such parent holding company, and financial subsidiaries of the bank, are affiliates of the bank. Generally, Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act are intended to protect insured depository institutions from losses arising from transactions with non-insured affiliates by limiting the extent to which a bank or its subsidiaries may engage in covered transactions with any one affiliate and with all affiliates of the bank in the aggregate, and requiring that such transactions be on terms consistent with safe and sound banking practices. 
 
 Loans to executive officers, directors, or any person who directly or indirectly, or acting through or in concert with one or more persons, owns, controls, or has the power to vote more than 10 of any class of voting securities of a bank 10 Shareholders ), are subject to Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and their corresponding regulations (Regulation O) and Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act relating to the prohibition on personal loans to executives (which exempts financial institutions in compliance with the insider lending restrictions of Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act). Among other things, these loans must be made on terms substantially the same as those prevailing on transactions made to unaffiliated individuals, except that such insiders may receive preferential loans made under a benefit or compensation program that is widely available to the bank's employees and does not give preference to the insider over the employees, and certain extensions of credit to those persons must first be approved in advance by a disinterested majority of the entire Board of Directors. Section 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and its implementing regulation, Regulation O, prohibits loans to any directors, executive officers, and principal stockholders and their related interests where the aggregate amount exceeds an amount equal to 15 of an institution s unimpaired capital and surplus plus an additional 10 of unimpaired capital and surplus in the case of loans that are fully secured by readily marketable collateral, or when the aggregate amount on all of the extensions of credit outstanding to all of these persons would exceed the Bank s unimpaired capital and unimpaired surplus. Section 22(g) of the Federal Reserve Act places additional limitations on loans to executive officers and identifies limited circumstances in which the Bank is permitted to extend credit to executive officers. 
 
 As a result, our subsidiary bank is limited in its ability to make extensions of credit to the Company, investing in the stock or other securities of the Company, and engaging in other affiliated financial transactions with the Company. 

12 

Potential Enforcement Action for Bank Holding Companies and Banks 
 
 Enforcement proceedings seeking civil or criminal sanctions may be instituted against any bank, any financial or bank holding company, any director, officer, employee or agent of the bank or holding company, which is believed by the federal banking agencies to be violating any administrative pronouncement or engaged in unsafe and unsound practices. In more serious cases, enforcement actions may include the issuance of directives to increase capital; the issuance of formal and informal agreements; the imposition of civil monetary penalties; the issuance of a cease and desist order that can be judicially enforced; the issuance of removal and prohibition orders against officers, directors, and other institution-affiliated parties; the termination of a bank s deposit insurance; the appointment of a conservator or receiver for a bank; and the enforcement of such actions through injunctions or restraining orders based upon a judicial determination that the agency would be harmed if such equitable relief was not granted. 
 
 Risk-Weighted Capital Requirements for the Company and the Subsidiary Bank 
 
 Effective January 1, 2015, the Company and its subsidiary bank became subject to new capital regulations Basel III Capital Rules adopted by the Federal Reserve in July 2013 establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banks. The Basel III Capital Rules were fully implemented as of January 1, 2019. For a tabular summary of our risk-weighted capital ratios, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital and Note 23, Stockholders Equity, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules include a common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets CET1 ratio of 4.5 and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. CET1 generally consists of common stock; retained earnings; accumulated other comprehensive income; and certain minority interests, all subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. The Company and its subsidiary bank must hold a capital conservation buffer composed of CET1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. 
 
 A banking organization s qualifying total capital consists of two components: Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital. Tier 1 Capital is an amount equal to the sum of common stockholders equity, hybrid capital instruments (instruments with characteristics of debt and equity) in an amount up to 25 of Tier 1 Capital, certain preferred stock and the minority interest in the equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries. For bank holding companies and financial holding companies, goodwill (net of any deferred tax liability associated with that goodwill) may not be included in Tier 1 Capital. Identifiable intangible assets may be included in Tier 1 Capital for banking organizations, in accordance with certain further requirements. At least 50 of the banking organization s total regulatory capital must consist of Tier 1 Capital. 
 
 Tier 2 Capital is an amount equal to the sum of the qualifying portion of the allowance for credit losses, certain preferred stock not included in Tier 1, hybrid capital instruments (instruments with characteristics of debt and equity), certain long-term debt securities and eligible term subordinated debt, in an amount up to 50 of Tier 1 Capital. The eligibility of these items for inclusion as Tier 2 Capital is subject to certain additional requirements and limitations of the federal banking agencies. 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules expanded the risk-weighting categories from the previous four Basel I-derived categories (0 , 20 , 50 and 100 to a much larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures, and resulting in higher risk weights for a variety of asset categories, including many residential mortgages and certain commercial real estate. 
 
 Accordingly, under the fully-phased in Basel III Capital Rules, the capital standards applicable to the Company include an additional capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of CET1, effectively resulting in minimum ratios inclusive of the capital conservation buffer of (1) CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7.0 , (2) Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.5 , and (3) Total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 10.5 . 
 
 In August 2020, the FRB, along with the other federal bank regulatory agencies, adopted a final rule that allows the Company and the Bank to phase-in the impact of adopting the Current Expected Credit Losses (or CECL methodology up to two years, with a three-year period to phase out the cumulative benefit to regulatory capital provided during the two-year delay. 
 
 Prompt Corrective Action 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also affected the FDIC s prompt correction action standards. Those standards seek to address problems associated with undercapitalized financial institutions and provide for five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. 

13 

For purposes of prompt corrective action, to be: 
 
 well capitalized , a bank must have a total risk based capital ratio of at least 10 , a Tier 1 risk based capital ratio of at least 8 , a CET1 risk based capital ratio of at least 6.5 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 5 ; 
 adequately capitalized , a bank must have a total risk based capital ratio of at least 8 , a Tier 1 risk based capital ratio of at least 6 , a CET1 risk based capital ratio of at least 4.5 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of at least 4 ; 
 undercapitalized , a bank would have a total risk based capital ratio of less than 8 , a Tier 1 risk based capital ratio of less than 6 , a CET1 risk based capital ratio of less than 4.5 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of less than 4 ; 
 significantly undercapitalized , a bank would have a total risk based capital ratio of less than 6 , a Tier 1 risk based capital ratio of less than 4 , a CET1 risk based capital ratio of less than 3 , and a Tier 1 leverage ratio of less than 3 ; and 
 critically undercapitalized , a bank would have a ratio of tangible equity to total assets that is less than or equal to 2 . 
 Institutions that fall into the latter three categories are subject to restrictions on their growth and are required to submit a capital restoration plan. There is also a method by which an institution may be downgraded to a lower capital category based on supervisory factors other than capital. As of December 31, 2022, Simmons Bank was well capitalized based on the aforementioned ratios. 
 
 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act 
 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act FDICIA ), enacted in 1991, requires the FDIC to increase assessment rates for insured banks and authorizes one or more special assessments, as necessary for the repayment of funds borrowed by the FDIC or any other necessary purpose. As directed in FDICIA, the FDIC has adopted a transitional risk-based assessment system, under which the assessment rate for insured banks will vary according to the level of risk incurred in the bank s activities. The risk category and risk-based assessment for a bank is determined, in part, from its prompt corrective action, as well capitalized, adequately capitalized or undercapitalized. Please refer to the section below titled FDIC Deposit Insurance and Assessments for more information. 
 
 Pursuant to the FDICIA and Federal Deposit Insurance Act FDIA ), the federal banking agencies must promptly mandate corrective actions by banks that fail to meet the capital and related requirements in order to minimize losses to the FDIC and the Deposit Insurance Fund. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was well capitalized under these regulations. 
 
 The federal banking agencies are also required by FDICIA to prescribe standards for banks and bank holding companies (including financial holding companies) relating to operations and management, asset quality, earnings, stock valuation and compensation. A bank or bank holding company that fails to comply with such standards will be required to submit a plan designed to achieve compliance. If no plan is submitted or the plan is not implemented, the bank or holding company would become subject to additional regulatory action or enforcement proceedings. 
 
 A variety of other provisions included in FDICIA may affect the operations of the Company and the subsidiary bank, including reporting requirements, regulatory standards for real estate lending, truth in savings provisions, and the requirement that a depository institution give 90 days prior notice to customers and regulatory authorities before closing any branch. 
 
 Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act 
 
 Enacted in 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act Dodd-Frank Act ), significantly changed the regulation of financial institutions and the financial services industry. The Dodd-Frank Act included provisions affecting large and small financial institutions alike, including several provisions that profoundly affected how community banks, thrifts, and small bank and thrift holding companies are regulated. Among other things, these provisions relaxed rules regarding interstate branching, allow financial institutions to pay interest on business checking accounts, and revised capital requirements on bank and thrift holding companies. 

14 

The Dodd-Frank Act also established the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection CFPB as an independent entity within the Federal Reserve and provided it with the authority to promulgate consumer protection regulations applicable to all entities offering consumer financial services or products, including banks. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act included a series of provisions covering mortgage loan origination standards affecting, among other things, originator compensation, minimum repayment standards, and pre-payment penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act contained numerous other provisions affecting financial institutions of all types, many of which have an impact on our operating environment, including among other things, our regulatory compliance costs. However, the Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards than those promulgated by the CFPB. State regulation of financial products and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect the Company s business, financial condition, or operations. 
 
 The EGRRCPA 
 
 In May 2018, the Economic Growth, Regulatory Reform, and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA was enacted, which, among other things, amended certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act as well as statutes administered by the FRB and the FDIC. The EGRRCPA provides targeted regulatory relief to financial institutions while preserving the existing framework under which U.S. financial institutions are regulated. The EGRRCPA relieves bank holding companies with less than 100 billion in assets, such as the Company, from the enhanced prudential standards imposed under Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act (including, but not limited to, resolution planning and enhanced liquidity and risk management requirements). Please see the section below titled Impacts of Growth for more information. 
 In addition to amending the Dodd Frank Act, the EGRRCPA also includes certain additional banking-related provisions, consumer protection provisions and securities law-related provisions. Many of the EGRRCPA s changes were implemented through rules finalized by the federal banking agencies over the course of 2019. These rules and their enforcement are subject to the substantial regulatory discretion of the federal banking agencies. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 
 Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, commonly known as the Volcker Rule, restricts the ability of banking entities from: (i) engaging in proprietary trading and (ii) investing in or sponsoring certain covered funds, subject to certain limited exceptions. Under the Volcker Rule, the term covered funds is defined as any issuer that would be an investment company under the Investment Company Act but for the exemption in Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of that Act. There are also several exemptions from the definition of covered fund, including, among other things, loan securitizations, joint ventures, certain types of foreign funds, entities issuing asset-backed commercial paper, and registered investment companies. The EGRRCPA and the subsequently promulgated inter-agency agency rules have aimed at simplifying and tailoring certain requirements related to the Volcker Rule. 
 Brokered Deposits 
 
 Section 29 of the FDIA and the FDIC regulations promulgated thereunder limit the ability of any bank to accept, renew or roll over any brokered deposit unless it is well capitalized or, with the FDIC s approval, adequately capitalized. However, as a result of the EGRRCPA, the FDIC has undertaken a comprehensive review of its regulatory approach to brokered deposits, including reciprocal deposits, and interest rate caps applicable to banks that are less than well capitalized. In December 2020, the FDIC issued a final rulemaking to modernize its brokered deposit regulations. Among other things, the final rule established a new framework for analyzing certain provisions of the deposit broker definition and established certain automatic primary purpose exemptions from the deposit broker definition, as well as revised certain interest rate restrictions that apply to less than well capitalized insured depository institutions. The final rule became effective April 1, 2021; and full compliance was required by January 1, 2022. Implementation of the final rule did not have a material impact on our subsidiary bank. 

15 

FDIC Deposit Insurance and Assessments 
 
 Our customer deposit accounts are insured up to applicable limits by the FDIC s Deposit Insurance Fund DIF up to 250,000 per separately insured depositor. Simmons Bank is required to pay deposit insurance assessments to maintain the DIF. Because Simmons Bank s assets exceed 10 billion, its deposit insurance assessment is based on a scoring system that examines the institution s supervisory ratings and certain financial measures. The scoring system assesses risk measures to produce two scores, a performance score and a loss severity score, that are combined and converted to an initial assessment rate. The FDIC has the ability to make discretionary adjustments to the total score based upon significant risk factors not adequately captured in the calculations. 
 
 As described above in the section titled Potential Enforcement Action for Bank Holding Companies and Banks , the FDIC may terminate deposit insurance upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe and unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or condition imposed by the FDIC. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 CRA requires that federal banking agencies evaluate the record of each financial institution in meeting the credit needs of the market areas they serve, including low and moderate-income LMI individuals and communities. These activities are also considered in connection with, among other things, applications for mergers, acquisitions and the opening of a branch or facility, and negative results of these evaluations could prevent us from engaging in these types of transactions. Simmons Bank received a satisfactory CRA rating during its most recent exam. 
 
 During recent years, the federal prudential regulatory agencies have been engaged in efforts to revise the regulations implementing the CRA. The Company continues to monitor developments with respect to proposals concerning these regulations and assess the impact, if any, of the proposed changes to the CRA regulations. 
 
 UDAP and UDAAP 
 
 Federal laws, including Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, prohibit financial institutions from engaging in unfair or deceptive acts or practices UDAP in or affecting commerce. The Dodd-Frank Act expanded regulation in this space to apply to unfair, deceptive or abusive acts or practices UDAAP and delegated to the CFPB supervision and enforcement authority for UDAAP with respect to our subsidiary bank and rulemaking authority with respect to UDAAP. These laws have been used to, among other things, address certain problematic practices that may not fall directly within the scope of other banking or consumer protection laws. 
 
 Financial Privacy and Data Security 
 
 The Company is subject to federal laws, including the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA ), and certain state laws containing consumer privacy protection and data security provisions. These federal and state laws, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, impose restrictions on our ability to disclose non-public information concerning consumers to nonaffiliated third parties. These laws, rules and regulations also mandate the distribution of privacy policies to consumers, as well as provide consumers an ability to prevent our disclosure of their information under certain circumstances. 
 
 In addition, the GLBA requires that financial institutions, such as our subsidiary bank, implement comprehensive written information security programs that include administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect consumer information and data. Further, pursuant to interpretive guidance issued under the GLBA and certain state laws, financial institutions are also required to notify customers of security breaches that result in unauthorized access to their nonpublic personal information. 
 
 Although these laws and regulations impose compliance costs and create obligations and, in some cases, reporting obligations, and compliance with all of the laws, regulations, and reporting obligations may require significant resources of the Company and our subsidiary bank, these laws and regulations do not materially affect our products, services or other business activities. 

16 

Anti-Money Laundering and Anti-Terrorism 
 
 Simmons Bank is subject to the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (also known as the PATRIOT Act ), the Bank Secrecy Act BSA and rules and regulations of the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). 
 
 Under Title III of the PATRIOT Act, all financial institutions are required to take certain measures to identify their customers, prevent money laundering, monitor customer transactions, and report suspicious activity to U.S. law enforcement agencies. Financial institutions also are required to respond to requests for information from federal banking agencies and law enforcement agencies. Information sharing among financial institutions for the above purposes is encouraged by an exemption granted to complying financial institutions from the privacy provisions of the GLBA and other privacy laws. 
 
 Among other things, Simmons Bank is required to establish an anti-money laundering AML program which includes the designation of a BSA officer, the establishment and maintenance of BSA/AML training, the establishment and maintenance of BSA/AML policies and procedures, independent testing of the AML program, and compliance with customer due diligence requirements. Our subsidiary bank must also employ enhanced due diligence under certain conditions. Compliance with BSA/AML requirements is routinely examined by regulators, and failure of a financial institution to meet its requirements in combating AML and anti-terrorism activities could result in severe penalties for the institution, including, among other things, the inability to receive the requisite regulatory approvals for mergers and acquisition. 
 
 Further, OFAC administers economic sanctions imposed by the federal government that affect transactions with foreign countries, individuals, and others (as the OFAC Rules ). The OFAC Rules target many countries as well as specially designated nationals and blocked persons (collectively, SDNs and take many different forms. Blocked assets (property and bank deposits) that are associated with such countries and SDNs cannot be paid out, withdrawn, set off, or transferred in any manner without a license from OFAC. Failure to comply with the OFAC Rules can result in serious legal and reputational consequences. 
 
 In December 2020, the U.S. Congress enacted the National Defense Authorization Act (the NDAA that, among other provisions, made significant updates to the federal BSA/AML regulations that aim to eliminate the use of shell companies that facilitate the laundering of criminal proceeds. In December 2021, the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN issued rules to implement a national beneficial ownership reporting framework and to update the customer due diligence requirements that apply to the Company and the Bank to be consistent with this framework. The Company and the Bank continue to monitor legislative, regulatory and supervisory developments related thereto. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas 
 Simmons Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas FHLB-Dallas ), which is one of 11 regional Federal Home Loan Banks FHLBs that provide funding to their members for making housing loans as well as for affordable housing and community development loans. Each FHLB serves as a reserve, or central bank, for the members within its assigned region and makes loans to its members in accordance with policies and procedures established by the board of directors of that FHLB. As a member, Simmons Bank must purchase and maintain stock in FHLB-Dallas. At December 31, 2022, Simmons Bank s total investment in FHLB-Dallas was 52.5 million. 
 Incentive Compensation 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires the federal banking agencies and the SEC to establish joint regulations or guidelines prohibiting incentive-based payment arrangements at specified regulated entities, including the Company and our subsidiary bank, with at least 1 billion in total consolidated assets that encourage inappropriate risks by providing an executive officer, employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits that could lead to material financial loss to the entity. The federal banking agencies and the SEC most recently proposed such regulations in 2016, but the regulations have not yet been finalized. However, in late 2022, the SEC finalized a set of rules directing national securities exchanges to establish listing standards regarding clawbacks of incentive-based executive compensation, which rules were originally proposed in 2015. The Company is monitoring developments with respect to these listing standards, which are expected to be proposed in 2023. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also requires publicly traded companies to give stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation at least every three years and on so-called golden parachute payments in connection with approvals of mergers and acquisitions. The Company gives stockholders a non-binding vote on executive compensation annually. 

17 

Impacts of Growth 
 
 Because the Company and Simmons Bank have exceeded 10 billion in assets, each of the Company and the Bank are subject to heightened requirements (as compared to smaller community banking organizations) that are imposed by various federal banking law and regulations. 
 
 Among other things, the Dodd-Frank Act, through the Durbin Amendment, and associated Federal Reserve regulations cap the interchange rate on debit card transactions that can be charged by banks that, together with their affiliates, have at least 10 billion in assets at 0.21 per transaction plus five basis points multiplied by the value of the transaction. The cap goes into effect July 1st of the year following the year in which a bank reaches the 10 billion asset threshold. Simmons Bank became subject to the interchange rate cap effective July 1, 2018. 
 
 As of December 31, 2017, the Company exceeded 15 billion in total assets, and the grandfather provisions applicable to its trust preferred securities no longer apply, and trust preferred securities are no longer included as Tier 1 capital. Trust preferred securities and qualifying subordinated debt are included as total Tier 2 capital. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act also previously required banks and bank holding companies with more than 10 billion in assets to adhere to certain enhanced prudential standards, including requirements to conduct annual stress tests, report the results to regulators and publicly disclose such results. However, as a result of regulatory reform finalized following passage of the EGRRCPA, the Company and Simmons Bank are no longer required to conduct an annual stress test of capital under the Dodd-Frank Act. Further, as a result of passage of the EGRRCPA, bank holding companies with less than 100 billion in assets, such as the Company, are exempt from the resolution planning, enhanced liquidity standards, and risk management requirements imposed under Section 165 of the Dodd-Frank Act. In anticipation of becoming subject to these requirements, the Company and Simmons Bank had begun the necessary preparations, including undertaking a gap analysis, implementing enhancements to the audit and compliance departments, and investing in various information technology systems. Notwithstanding that federal banking agencies will not take action with respect to these enhanced prudential standards, the Company and its subsidiary bank will continue to review their capital planning and risk management practices in connection with the regular supervisory processes of the FRB. 
 
 Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act established the CFPB and granted it supervisory authority over banks with total assets of more than 10 billion. Simmons Bank is subject to CFPB oversight with respect to its compliance with federal consumer financial laws. Simmons Bank continues to be subject to the oversight of its other regulators with respect to matters outside the scope of the CFPB s jurisdiction. The CFPB has broad rule-making, supervisory, examination and enforcement authority, as well as expanded data collecting and enforcement powers, all of which impact the operations of Simmons Bank. 
 
 Pending Legislation 
 
 Because of concerns relating to, among other things, competitiveness and the safety and soundness of the banking industry, Congress and state legislatures often consider a number of wide-ranging proposals for altering the structure, regulation, and competitive relationships of the nation s financial institutions and of those chartered in a particular state legislature s jurisdiction. We cannot predict whether or in what form any proposals will be adopted or the extent to which our business may be affected. 
 
 Effect of Governmental Monetary Policies 
 
 The FRB uses monetary policy tools to impact interest rates, credit market conditions and money market conditions, as well as to influence general economic conditions, including employment, market interest and inflation rates. These policies can have a significant impact on the absolute levels and distribution of deposits, loans and investment securities, as well as on market interest rates charged on loans or paid for deposits and other borrowings. Monetary policies of the FRB have in the past had a significant effect on the operating results of bank holding companies and their subsidiary banks, such as the Company and Simmons Bank, and may have similar effects in the future. 

18 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 In addition to the other information contained in this report, including the information contained in Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, investors in our securities should carefully consider the factors discussed below. An investment in our securities involves risks. The factors below, among others, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital position, or cause our results to differ materially from our historical results or the results expressed in or implied by our forward-looking statements. Additionally, investors should not interpret the disclosure of a risk to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 
 
 Risks Related to Market Interest Rates and Liquidity 
 
 Changes in interest rates and monetary policy could adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Our net income and cash flows depend to a significant extent on the difference between interest rates earned on interest-earning assets and the rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond our control, including general economic conditions and credit and monetary policies of governmental authorities. Changes in the credit or monetary policies of governmental authorities, particularly the Federal Reserve, could significantly impact market interest rates and our financial performance. For instance, changes in the nature of open market transactions in U.S. government securities, the discount rate or the federal funds rate on bank borrowings, and reserve requirements against bank deposits, could lead to increases in the costs associated with our business. In addition, such changes could influence the interest we receive on loans and securities and the amount of interest we pay on deposits. If the interest rates we pay on deposits increases at a faster rate than the interest we receive on loans and other investments, then our net interest income could be adversely affected. If the Federal Reserve further raises interest rates, we may not be able to reflect increasing interest rates in rates charged on loans or paid on deposits due to competitive pressures, which would negatively impact our mix of deposits and other funding sources, reduce demand for our products and services, or otherwise negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the impact of these changes may be magnified if we do not effectively manage the relative sensitivity of our assets and liabilities to changes in market interest rates, and our ability to manage such relative sensitivity may be adversely impacted by competitive conditions in the banking industry and in the financial markets. Due to the changing conditions in the national economy, we cannot predict with certainty how future changes in interest rates, deposit levels and loan demand will impact our business and profitability. 
 
 Changes in the method pursuant to which the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR and other benchmark rates are determined, as well as the discontinuance and replacement of LIBOR as a reference rate, could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 LIBOR and certain other interest rate benchmarks are the subject of recent national and international reform. We expect that the publication of the remaining LIBOR rates will cease immediately following the LIBOR publication on June 30, 2023. The U.S. federal banking agencies have issued statements to encourage U.S. banks to transition away from U.S. dollar LIBOR as soon as practicable and not to enter into new contracts that use U.S. dollar LIBOR after December 31, 2021. Due to LIBOR s extensive use across financial markets, the transition away from LIBOR pose risks and challenges to financial markets and financial institutions, including the Company, and liquidity in certain interbank markets on which LIBOR estimates are based has been declining. At this time, it is not possible to predict exactly when and to what extent banks will discontinue providing submissions for the calculation of LIBOR. Similarly, at this time, it is not possible to predict exactly how long LIBOR will continue to be viewed as an acceptable market benchmark, what rate or rates may become the generally accepted alternatives to LIBOR, or what the effect of any such changes in views or alternatives may be on the markets for LIBOR-linked financial instruments. 
 
 Certain of our LIBOR-based financial products and contracts, including, but not limited to, hedging products, debt obligations, investments, and loans, extend beyond 2023. We are continuing to assess, and plan for, the impact that a cessation or market replacement of LIBOR will have on these various products and contracts and working to transition many LIBOR based products and contracts to other interest rate structures. The market transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates is a complex process and could have a range of effects on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations, including but not limited to by (i) adversely affecting the interest rates received or paid on the revenues and expenses associated with, or the value of the Company s LIBOR-based assets and liabilities; (ii) adversely affecting the interest rates paid on or received from other securities or financial arrangements, given LIBOR s historically prominent role in determining market interest rates globally, or (iii) resulting in disputes, litigation or other actions with borrowers or other counterparties about the interpretation or enforceability of certain fallback language contained in LIBOR-based loans, securities or other contracts. The discontinuation of LIBOR could result in operational, legal and compliance risks, and, if we are unable to adequately manage such risks and transition from LIBOR to new reference rates, our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects may be adversely impacted. 
 
 19 

Our cost of funds may increase as a result of general economic conditions, interest rates and competitive pressures. 
 
 Our cost of funds may increase as a result of general economic conditions, fluctuations in interest rates and competitive pressures. We have traditionally obtained funds principally through local deposits as we have a base of lower cost transaction deposits. Our costs of funds and our profitability and liquidity are likely to be adversely affected if we have to rely upon higher cost borrowings from other institutional lenders or brokers to fund loan demand or liquidity needs. Also, changes in our deposit mix and growth could adversely affect our profitability and the ability to expand our loan portfolio, as well as our liquidity and funding mix. 
 
 Our investment securities portfolio could decline in value as a result of interest rate changes and changes in issuer credit quality or the strength of the associated collateral. 
 
 If interest rates change in the future, the market value of our investment securities portfolio may decline. Weaknesses in the credit quality of the issuers of the securities within our portfolio or in the strength of the collateral, if any, underlying those securities could also result in a decline in the value of our investment securities portfolio, which could negatively affect equity and potentially impact our earnings. 
 
 A lack of liquidity could impair our ability to fund our business and thereby adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Liquidity is a critical component of our business. To ensure adequate liquidity to fund our operations, we rely heavily on our ability to generate deposits and effectively manage both the repayment of loans and the maturity schedules of our investment securities. Our most important source of funds is deposits, but sources of funds also include, among other things, cash flows from operations, maturities and sales of investment securities, and borrowings from the Federal Reserve and Federal Home Loan Bank. Our access to funding sources in amounts adequate to finance our activities, or on terms that are acceptable to us, could be impaired by factors that affect us specifically or the financial services industry or economy in general. This could result in a lack of liquidity, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Lending Activities 
 
 The mismanagement of our credit risks could result in serious harm to our business. 
 
 There are a variety of risks inherent in making loans, including, among others, risks inherent with dealing with borrowers and guarantors, risks associated with potential future changes in the value of the collateral supporting the loans, the risk that a loan may not be repaid, and the risks associated with changes in economic or industry conditions. As part of our ongoing efforts to minimize these credit-related risks, we utilize credit policies and procedures, internal credit expertise and several internal layers of review for the loans we make. We also actively monitor our concentrations of loans and carefully evaluate the credit underwriting practices of acquired institutions. However, there can be no assurance that these underwriting and monitoring procedures will reduce these risks, and the inability to properly manage our credit risk could have a material adverse effect on our business, which, in turn, could impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Deteriorating credit quality in our credit card portfolio may adversely impact us. 
 
 We have a sizeable consumer credit card portfolio. Although we experienced a decreased amount of net charge-offs in our credit card portfolio in recent years, the amount of net charge-offs could worsen. While we continue to experience a better performance with respect to net charge-offs than the national average in our credit card portfolio, our net charge-offs were 1.49 and 1.42 of our average outstanding credit card balances for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Future downturns in the economy could adversely affect consumers in a more delayed fashion compared to commercial businesses in general. Increasing unemployment and diminished asset values may prevent our credit card customers from repaying their credit card balances which could result in an increased amount of our net charge-offs that could have a material adverse effect on our unsecured credit card portfolio. 

20 

We may not maintain an appropriate allowance for credit losses. 
 
 It is likely that some portion of our loans will become delinquent, and some loans may only be partially repaid or may never be repaid. We maintain an allowance for credit losses, which is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense, that results from management s review of the existing portfolio and management s assessment of the portfolio s collectability. Our methodology for establishing the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment and requires management to make significant estimates and predictions regarding credit risks, future market conditions, and other factors, all of which are subject to material changes and may not necessarily be in our control. If our methodology is flawed, or if we experience changes in market or economic conditions, or in conditions of our borrowers, the allowance may become inadequate, which would result in additional provisions to increase the allowance to an appropriate level. This could negatively impact our business, including through a material decrease in our earnings. In addition, prudential regulators also periodically review our allowance for credit losses and have the ability, based on their perspective, which may be different from ours, to require that we make adjustments to the allowance, which could also have a negative effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 We rely on the mortgage secondary market from time to time to provide liquidity. 
 
 We sell certain mortgage loans we originate to certain agencies and other purchasers. We rely, in part, on the agencies to purchase loans meeting their requirements to reduce our credit risk and to provide funding for additional loans we desire to originate. There is no guarantee that the agencies will not materially limit their purchases of conforming loans due to capital constraints, a change in the criteria for conforming loans or other factors. If we are unable to continue to sell conforming loans to the agencies, our ability to fund, and thus originate, additional mortgage loans may be adversely affected, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Sales of our loans are subject to a variety of risks. 
 
 In relation to any sale of one or more of our loan portfolios, we may make certain representations and warranties to the purchaser concerning the loans sold and the procedures under which those loans were originated and serviced. If those representations and warranties prove to be incorrect, we may be required to indemnify the purchaser for any related losses or be required to repurchase certain loans that were sold. In some cases where such obligations are invoked by the purchaser, the loans may be non-performing or in default, leaving us without a remedy available against a solvent counterparty to the loan. Our results of operations may be adversely affected if we are not able to recover our losses resulting from these indemnity payments and repurchases. 
 
 Loans made through federal programs are dependent on the federal government s continuation and support of these programs and on our compliance with program requirements. 
 
 We participate in various U.S. government agency loan guarantee programs, including programs operated by the SBA. If we fail to follow any applicable regulations, guidelines or policies associated with a particular guarantee program, any loans we originate as part of that program may lose the associated guarantee, exposing us to credit risk we would not otherwise be exposed to, or result in our inability to continue originating loans under such programs, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Significant portions of our loan portfolio include commercial real estate, construction and development, and commercial and industrial loans, each of which presents heightened lending risks. 
 
 Our commercial loan portfolio includes, in significant part, commercial real estate loans, construction and development loans, and commercial and industrial loans. Among other things, commercial real estate loans are generally larger than residential real estate loans, often depend on the owner s cash flows or those of the property s tenants (which can be adversely affected by changes in economic conditions) as a source for repayment, and are generally perceived as involving a greater degree of risk of default than home equity loans or residential mortgage loans. Similarly, construction and development loan pose heightened risk when compared to residential real estate loans due to, for example, the fact that repayment often depends on successful completion of the construction or development project and subsequent financing. Additionally, commercial and industrial loans are often dependent upon the successful operation of the borrower s business. If the operating company suffers difficulties, including reduction in sales volume and/or profitability, the borrower s ability to repay the loan may be impaired, and the collateral associated with these types of loans may have depreciated during the term of the loan or may be difficult to value and/or liquidate. For these reasons and others, these types of loans present heightened lending risks that, if realized, may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 21 

In the event we are required to foreclose on a loan secured by real estate, we may not be able to realize the value of that real estate as indicated in any independent appraisals upon which we relied in extending the loan. 
 
 Loans secured by real estate make up a substantial portion of our loan portfolio. In making certain of these loans, we rely on estimates concerning the value of the real estate provided by independent appraisers. However, these appraisals are only estimates of value, and mistakes of fact or judgement on the part of the appraiser could adversely affect the reliability of their appraisals. Furthermore, the value of the real estate could change (including by declining) based on events occurring after the time of the appraisal, and preparing foreclosed real estate for sale, and then selling such real estate collateral, may impose significant additional costs on us. We, therefore, may not be able to fully recover the outstanding balance of a loan in the event of its default if the real estate serving as collateral has declined in value from its original estimate, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business, Industry, and Markets 
 
 Our business may be adversely affected by conditions in the financial markets and general economic conditions. 
 
 Changes in economic conditions could cause the values of assets and liabilities recorded in the financial statements to change rapidly, resulting in material future adjustments in asset values, the allowance for credit losses, or capital that could negatively impact the Company s ability to meet regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient liquidity. 
 
 The Great Recession elevated unemployment levels and negatively impacted consumer confidence. It also had a detrimental impact on industry-wide performance nationally as well as the Company s market areas. While improvement in several economic indicators have been noted since 2013, including increasing consumer confidence levels, increased economic activity and a continued decline in unemployment levels, the COVID-19 pandemic led to extensive additional disruptions to the economy generally during 2020 and 2021. 
 
 In a significant recession, declining asset values, defaults on mortgages and consumer loans, and the lack of market and investor confidence, as well as other factors, can all combine to increase credit default swap spreads, to cause rating agencies to lower credit ratings, and to otherwise increase the cost and decrease the availability of liquidity, despite very significant declines in Federal Reserve borrowing rates and other government actions. In the Great Recession, some banks and other lenders suffered significant losses and became reluctant to lend, even on a secured basis, due to the increased risk of default and the impact of declining asset values on the value of collateral. The foregoing can significantly weaken the strength and liquidity of some financial institutions worldwide. 
 
 The Company s financial performance generally, and in particular the ability of borrowers to pay interest on and repay principal of outstanding loans and the value of collateral securing those loans, is highly dependent upon the business environment in the states where we operate, and in the United States as a whole. A favorable business environment is generally characterized by, among other factors, economic growth, efficient capital markets, low inflation, high business and investor confidence and strong business earnings. Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions can be caused by declines in economic growth, business activity or investor or business confidence; limitations on the availability or increases in the cost of credit and capital; increases in inflation or interest rates; natural disasters; or a combination of these or other factors. 
 
 The business environment in the states where we operate could deteriorate and adversely affect the credit quality of our loans and our results of operations and financial condition. There can be no assurance that business and economic conditions will remain stable in the near term. If financial market volatility worsens, or if there are more disruptions in the financial markets, including disruptions to the United States or international banking systems, there can be no assurance that we will not experience an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access capital and on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Continued inflationary pressures could increase our costs (and the costs of our borrowers) and otherwise negatively impact our business. 
 
 We have experienced upward inflationary pressures on our operating costs, including costs associated with goods and services we receive from third-party vendors, as well as our labor costs. If our expenses continue to increase due to continued inflation, our profitability could decline and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be otherwise materially and adversely affected. In addition, continued inflationary pressures could increase the operating costs of our borrowers, which could adversely impact their profitability and financial condition and thereby increase the likelihood of defaults on loans we have extended. 
 
 22 

Our concentration of banking activities in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas, including our real estate loan portfolio, makes us more vulnerable to adverse conditions in the particular local markets in which we operate. 
 
 Our subsidiary bank operates primarily within the states of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas, where the majority of the buildings and properties securing our loans and the businesses of our customers are located. Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are subject to changes in the economic conditions in these six states, the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans, and the value of the collateral securing such loans. We largely depend on the continued growth and stability of the communities we serve for our continued success. Declines in the economies of these communities or the states in general could adversely affect our ability to generate new loans or to receive repayments of existing loans, and our ability to attract new deposits, thus adversely affecting our net income, profitability and financial condition. 
 
 The ability of our borrowers to repay their loans could also be adversely impacted by the significant changes in market conditions in the region or by changes in local real estate markets, including deflationary effects on collateral value caused by property foreclosures. This could result in an increase in our charge-offs and provision for credit losses. Either of these events would have an adverse impact on our results of operations. 
 
 A significant decline in general economic conditions caused by inflation, recession, unemployment, acts of terrorism or other factors beyond our control could also have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, because multi-family and commercial real estate loans represent the majority of our real estate loans outstanding, a decline in tenant occupancy due to such factors or for other reasons could adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to repay their loans on a timely basis, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 
 
 We face strong competition from other banks, bank holding companies, and financial services companies. 
 
 In the markets we serve, the businesses of banking and financial services are fiercely competitive. Many of our competitors offer the same, or similar, products and services within our market areas. Some of our competitors are able to offer a broader range of products and services than we do. These competitors include banks with nationwide presences, regional banks, and community banks (who may have greater flexibility in their operational strategies than we possess). We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, among others, credit unions, finance companies, insurance companies, brokerage and investment banking firms. Certain nonbank competitors of the Company are increasingly offering products and services that traditionally were banking products due to technological advances, and many of these nonbank competitors are not subject to the same extensive federal regulations that govern bank holding companies and federally insured banks. As a result, some of the competitors in our markets have the ability to offer products and services that we are unable to offer or to offer such products and services at more competitive rates. If we are unable to effectively compete for customers, we may lose loan and deposit market share, as well as experience reductions in net interest margin, fee income, and profitability, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in service delivery channels and emerging technologies pose a competitive risk. 
 
 Advancements in technology have created the ability for financial transactions that have historically often involved traditional banks to be conducted through alternative channels. For example, consumers can now hold funds in brokerage accounts and internet-only banks, or indeed with essentially any bank that provides for online account opening and online banking. Consumers can also complete transactions such as the purchase or sale of goods and services, the payment of bills, and the transfer of funds without the direct assistance of banks. Indeed, non-traditional financial services firms, such as financial technology (FinTech) companies, have begun to offer a variety of services traditionally provided by banks and other financial institutions. The resulting increased competition could result in the loss of fee income and customer deposits, which could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. It could also require additional, costly investments in technology to remain competitive. 
 
 We anticipate that new technologies will continue to emerge that may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies currently used by the Company and the Bank in their products and services. Developing or acquiring access to new technologies and incorporating those technologies into our products and services, or using them to expand our products and services, in each case in a way that enables us to remain competitive, may require significant investments, may take considerable time to complete, and ultimately may not be successful. 
 
 23 

Our growth and expansion strategy may not be successful, and our market value and profitability may suffer. 
 
 We have historically employed, as important parts of our business strategy, growth through acquisitions of banks and, to a lesser extent, through branch acquisitions and de novo branching. Any future acquisitions in which we might engage will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions. These risks include, among other risks: 
 
 credit risk associated with the acquired bank s loans and investments; 
 difficulty of integrating operations and personnel; and 
 potential disruption of our ongoing business. 
 
 In addition to pursuing the acquisition of existing viable financial institutions as opportunities arise we may also continue to engage in de novo branching to further our growth strategy. De novo branching and growing through acquisition involve numerous risks, including the following: 
 
 the inability to obtain all required regulatory approvals; 
 the significant costs and potential operating losses associated with establishing a de novo branch or a new bank; 
 the inability to secure the services of qualified senior management; 
 the local market may not accept the services of a new bank owned and managed by a bank holding company headquartered outside of the market area of the new bank; 
 the risk of encountering an economic downturn in the new market; 
 the inability to obtain attractive locations within a new market at a reasonable cost; and 
 the additional strain on management resources and internal systems and controls. 
 
 We expect that competition for suitable acquisition candidates will be significant. We may compete with other banks or financial service companies that are seeking to acquire our acquisition candidates, many of which are larger competitors and have greater financial and other resources. We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully identify and acquire suitable acquisition targets on acceptable terms and conditions. Further, we cannot assure you that we will be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with acquisitions and de novo branching. Our inability to overcome these risks could have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our business and growth strategy and maintain or increase our market value and profitability. 
 
 The value of our goodwill and other intangible assets may decline in the future. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.3 billion of goodwill and 129.0 million of other intangible assets. A significant decline in our expected future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the business climate, slower economic growth or a significant and sustained decline in the price of our common stock, any or all of which could be materially impacted by many of the risk factors discussed herein, may necessitate our taking charges in the future related to the impairment of our goodwill. Future regulatory actions could also have a material impact on assessments of goodwill for impairment. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of our goodwill is necessary, we would record the appropriate charge, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Identifiable intangible assets other than goodwill consist of core deposit intangibles, books of business, and other intangible assets. Adverse events or circumstances could impact the recoverability of these intangible assets including loss of core deposits, significant losses of customer accounts and/or balances, increased competition or adverse changes in the economy. To the extent these intangible assets are deemed unrecoverable, a non-cash impairment charge would be recorded, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our business. 
 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers, employees, and acquisition partners is influenced by our reputation. A negative opinion of our business can develop in connection with a variety of circumstances, including issues with our lending practices, legal and regulatory compliance, risk management, corporate governance, customer service, community involvement, integration of acquired institutions, and third-party service providers. Our reputation could also be harmed through regulatory proceedings by governmental authorities, litigation, or cybersecurity events. Reputational damage could also impact our relationships with investors, our credit ratings and our ability to access capital markets. 

24 

If we are unsuccessful in developing new, and adapting our current, products and services so that they respond to changing industry standards and customer preferences, our business may suffer. 
 
 We provide a variety of commercial and consumer banking, as well as other financial, products and services designed to meet a broad range of needs. While many of these products and services are traditional both in their characteristics and their delivery channels, advancements in technology, changes in the regulatory environment, and evolving customer preferences require that we continuously evaluate the terms under which we provide our existing products and services (including, among other things, interest rates and loan covenants), the methods by which we deliver them (including the use of online and mobile banking), whether to partner with a FinTech company or other third-party vendor to provide products and services, and the potential for new products and services in order to remain competitive. These efforts, though, could require substantial investments, and we can provide no assurance that we will develop new products and services, or adequately adapt our existing products and services, in a timely or successful manner. Our inability to do so could harm our business and adversely affect our results of operations and reputation. Furthermore, any new line of business and/or new product or service could require the establishment of new key and other controls and have a significant impact on our existing system of internal controls. Failure to successfully manage these risks in the development and implementation of new lines of business and/or new products or services could have a material adverse effect on our business and, in turn, our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Operations 
 
 We are subject to fraud risk, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Fraud is a major, and increasing, operational risk, particularly for financial institutions. We continue to experience fraud attempts and losses through, for example, deposit fraud (such as wire fraud and check fraud) and loan fraud. Fraud may also arise from the misconduct of our employees. The methods used to perpetrate and combat fraud continue to evolve, particularly as advances in technology occur. While we seek to be vigilant in the prevention, detection, and remediation of fraud events, some fraud loss is unavoidable, and the risk of major fraud loss cannot be eliminated. 
 
 Our models and estimations may be inadequate, which could lead to significant losses and regulatory scrutiny. 
 
 To assist with the management of our credit, liquidity, operations, and compliance functions and risks, we have developed, and currently use, various models and other analytical tools, including certain estimations. The models and estimations often take into account assumptions and historical trends and are, in some case, based on subjective judgments. As such, the models and estimations may not be effective in identifying and managing risks, which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Inadequate models may also result in compliance failures, which could lead to increased scrutiny by our regulators. 
 
 We may not be able to raise the additional capital we need to grow and, as a result, our ability to expand our operations could be materially impaired. 
 
 Federal and state regulatory authorities require us and our subsidiary bank to maintain adequate levels of capital to support our operations. Many circumstances could require us to seek additional capital, such as: 
 
 faster than anticipated growth; 
 reduced earning levels; 
 operating losses; 
 changes in economic conditions; 
 revisions in regulatory requirements; or 
 additional acquisition opportunities. 
 
 Our ability to raise additional capital will largely depend on our financial performance, and on conditions in the capital markets that are outside our control. Moreover, if we need to raise capital in the future, we may have to do so when many other financial institutions are also seeking to raise capital and would, as a result, have to compete with those institutions for investors, which could adversely impact the price at which we are able to offer our securities. If we need additional capital but cannot raise it on terms acceptable to us, our ability to expand our operations or to engage in acquisitions could be materially impaired. 

25 

Our business is heavily reliant on information technology systems, facilities, and processes; and a disruption in those systems, facilities, and processes, or a breach, including cyber-attacks, in the security of our systems, could have significant, negative impact on our business, result in the disclosure of confidential information, and create significant financial and legal exposure for us. 
 
 Our businesses are dependent on our ability and the ability of our third-party service providers to process, record and monitor a large number of transactions. If the financial, accounting, data processing or other operating systems and facilities fail to operate properly, become disabled, experience security breaches or have other significant shortcomings, our results of operations could be materially, adversely affected. 
 
 Although we and our third party service providers devote significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to us and our customers, there is no assurance that our security systems and those of our third-party service providers will provide absolute security. Financial services institutions and companies engaged in data processing have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems, often through the introduction of computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks and other means. Certain financial institutions in the United States have also experienced attacks from technically sophisticated and well-resourced third parties that were intended to disrupt normal business activities by making internet banking systems inaccessible to customers for extended periods. These denial-of-service attacks have not breached our data security systems, but require substantial resources to defend, and may affect customer satisfaction and behavior. 
 
 Despite our efforts and those of our third party service providers to ensure the integrity of our systems, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches of these types, especially because the techniques used change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and because security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources, including persons who are involved with organized crime or associated with external service providers or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Those parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase our mobile payments and other internet-based product offerings and expand our internal usage of web-based products and applications. Furthermore, because certain of our employees are working, or may work, remotely, there is an increased risk of disruption to our systems because remote networks and infrastructure may not be as secure as in our office environment. If our security systems were penetrated or circumvented, it could cause serious negative consequences for us, including significant disruption of our operations, misappropriation of our confidential information or that of our customers, or damage our computers or systems and those of our customers and counterparties, and could result in violations of applicable privacy and other laws, financial loss to us or to our customers, loss of confidence in our security measures, customer dissatisfaction, significant litigation exposure, and harm to our reputation, all of which could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 We depend on qualified employees and key personnel to operate and lead our business, and we may not be able to attract or retain them in the future. 
 
 A critical component of our success is the ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified, skilled lending, operations, information technology, and other employees, as well as managers who are experienced and effective at leading their respective departments. We have an experienced group of senior management and other key personnel that our board of directors believes is capable of managing and growing our business. In many areas of the financial services industry, competition for key personnel is fierce, and the departure of those individuals from our business presents risk that we will be unable to attract, develop and retain suitable successors, which could have a material, adverse impact on our competitive position in the marketplace. 

26 

Our business is heavily reliant on a variety of third-party service providers. 
 
 We rely on a large number of vendors to provide products and services that we need for our day-to-day operations, particularly in the areas of loan and deposit operations, information technology, and security. This reliance exposes us to the risk that the vendors will not perform in accordance with the applicable contractual arrangements or service level agreements, as well as risks resulting from defective products, poor performance of services, disruption in a product or service, vendor contracts, or loss of a product or service if a vendor ceases doing business because of its own financial or operational difficulties. These risks, if realized, could result in significant disruptions to our business, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. While we maintain a vendor management program designed to assist in the oversight and monitoring of our third-party service providers, there can be no assurance that we will not experience service-related issues associated with our vendors. 
 
 Our controls and procedures may fail, or our employees may not adhere to them. 
 
 It is critical that our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures be effective in order to provide assurance that our financial reports and disclosures are materially accurate. A failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures, or a failure to comply with regulations related to controls and procedures, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as cause reputational harm, which could limit our ability to access the capital markets. 
 
 Errors or mistakes in the provision of services to our customers or in carrying out our own transactions can subject us to liability, result in losses, or otherwise negatively impact our business. 
 
 In our business activities, including the provision of banking services to our customers and the management of our own investments and other assets, we effect or process, sometimes on a manual basis, a large volume of transactions representing very large amounts of money for our customers and ourselves. Errors or mistakes in these activities (including human error and systems error), as well as other failures to mitigate operational risks, can have adverse consequences, including exposing us to liability and loss and, in the case of providing services to our customers, preventing us from receiving certain contractual protections. 
 
 Accounting standards periodically change, and the application of our accounting policies and methods may require management to make estimates about matters that are uncertain. 
 
 The regulatory bodies that establish accounting standards, including, among others, the FASB and the SEC, periodically revise or issue new financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. The effect of such revised or new standards on our financial statements can be difficult to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. For example, in June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , that substantially changed the accounting for credit losses and other financial assets held by banks, financial institutions and other organizations. The standard removed the existing probable threshold in generally accepted accounting principles US GAAP for recognizing credit losses and instead requires companies to reflect their estimate of credit losses over the life of the financial assets. Companies must consider all relevant information when estimating expected credit losses, including details about past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. We adopted an optional three-year phase-in period for the day-one adverse regulatory capital impact upon adoption of the standard with the additional two-year delay allowed by regulators in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. The adoption of the standard resulted in an overall material increase in the allowance for credit losses. However, the impact at adoption was influenced by our portfolios' composition and quality at the adoption date and economic conditions and forecasts at that time. 
 
 In addition, our management must exercise judgment in appropriately applying many of our accounting policies and methods so they comply with generally accepted accounting principles. In some cases, management may have to select a particular accounting policy or method from two or more alternatives. In some cases, the accounting policy or method chosen might be reasonable under the circumstances and yet might result in our reporting materially different amounts than would have been reported if we had selected a different policy or method. Accounting policies are critical to fairly presenting our financial condition and results of operations and may require management to make difficult, subjective or complex judgments about matters that are uncertain. 

27 

Risks Related to the Company s Legal and Regulatory Environment 
 
 Financial legislative and regulatory initiatives could adversely affect the results of our operations. 
 
 We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, supervision, legislation, and control. For instance, in response to the financial crisis affecting the banking system and financial markets, the Dodd-Frank Act was enacted in 2010, as well as several programs that have been initiated by the U.S. Treasury, the FRB, and the FDIC. See Item 1. Business - Supervision and Regulation included herein for more information regarding regulatory burden and supervision. 
 
 Some of the provisions of legislation and regulation that have adversely impacted the Company include the Durbin Amendment to the Dodd-Frank Act, which mandates a limit to debit card interchange fees, and Regulation E amendments to the EFTA regarding overdraft fees. Future financial legislation and regulatory initiatives can limit the type of products we offer, the methods by which we offer them, and the prices at which they are offered. These provisions can also increase our costs in offering these products. 
 
 The CFPB, Federal Reserve, and Arkansas State Bank Department have broad rulemaking, supervisory and examination authority, as well as data collection and enforcement powers. The scope and impact of the regulators actions can significantly impact the operations of the Company and its subsidiaries and the financial services industry in general. 
 
 These laws, regulations, and changes can increase our costs of regulatory compliance. They also can significantly affect the markets in which we do business, the markets for and value of our investments, and our ongoing operations, costs, and profitability. The ultimate impact of the provisions in legislative and regulatory initiatives on the Company s business and results of operations also depends upon regulatory interpretation and rulemaking. As a result, we are unable to predict the ultimate impact of future legislation or regulation, including the extent to which it could increase costs or limit our ability to pursue business opportunities in an efficient manner, or otherwise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our failure to comply with applicable banking laws and regulations could result in significant monetary penalties and losses, restrict our ability to execute our growth strategy, and have other material adverse impacts on our business. 
 
 We are charged with maintaining compliance with all applicable banking laws and regulations, including, among others, fair lending, CRA, consumer compliance, BSA and anti-money laundering, capital, and other regulations described herein under Item 1. Business - Supervision and Regulation. Various agencies, including, without limitation, the FRB, CFPB, Arkansas State Bank Department, and the Department of Justice, have the ability to institute proceedings to address compliance failures. Should those agencies be successful in the case of such a proceeding, we could become subject to material sanctions, including, among other things, monetary penalties and restrictions on our ability to engage in mergers and acquisitions and other growth-oriented activities. Compliance failures may also result in litigation instituted by private parties, including consumers, which could result in material adverse impacts on our business. 
 
 We are subject to litigation in the ordinary course of our business, and adverse rulings, judgements, settlements, and other outcomes of such litigation, as well as our associated legal expenses, may adversely affect our results. 
 
 From time to time, we are subject to litigation. Litigation and claims can arise in various contexts, including, among others, our lending activities, deposit activities, employment practices, commercial agreements, fiduciary responsibilities, compliance programs and other general business matters. These claims and legal actions, including supervisory actions by our regulators, could involve large amounts in controversy, significant fines or penalties, and substantial legal costs necessary for our defense. The outcome of litigation and regulatory matters, as well as the timing associated with resolving these matters, are inherently hard to predict. Substantial legal liability, which may not be insured, and significant regulatory actions against us could materially and adversely impact our business operations, including our ability to engage in mergers and acquisitions, our results of operations and our financial condition. 

28 

The Federal Reserve Board s source of strength doctrine could require that we divert capital to our subsidiary bank instead of applying available capital towards planned uses, such as engaging in acquisitions or paying dividends to shareholders. 
 
 The FRB s policies and regulations require that a bank holding company, including a financial holding company, serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary banks, and further provide that a bank holding company may not conduct operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. It is the FRB s policy that a bank holding company should stand ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or adversity, such as during periods of significant loan losses, and that such holding company should maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks if such a need were to arise. 
 
 A bank holding company s failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally be considered an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of the FRB s regulations, or both. Accordingly, if the financial condition of our subsidiary bank was to deteriorate, we could be compelled to provide financial support to our subsidiary bank at a time when, absent such FRB policy, we may not deem it advisable to provide such assistance. Under such circumstances, there is a possibility that we may not either have adequate available capital or feel sufficiently confident regarding our financial condition, to enter into acquisitions, pay dividends, or engage in other corporate activities. 
 
 We may incur environmental liabilities with respect to properties to which we take title. 
 
 A significant portion of our loan portfolio is secured by real estate. In the course of our business, we may own or foreclose and take title to real estate and could become subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these properties. We may become responsible to a governmental agency or third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by those parties in connection with environmental contamination, or may be required to investigate or clean-up hazardous or toxic substances, or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with environmental investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. If we were to become subject to significant environmental liabilities, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 We may be subject to allegations of intellectual property infringement or may fail to effectively protect our own intellectual property rights. 
 
 Our competition, or other third parties, may allege that we have violated their intellectual property rights. For example, we may unintentionally infringe upon the rights of third parties through the use of infringing software or other types of content provided by vendors. Alternatively, failure to effectively protect our own intellectual property through trade secret, copyright, patents, and other legal means may result in it being used to the benefit of others and to the detriment of our business. A successful claim of infringement could subject us to money damages, require significant license or royalty fees, or result in restrictions preventing us from using certain software or technology, thereby impeding our delivery of products or services. Even if ultimately unsuccessful, the financial cost of a legal defense and the diversion of management s attention from our business may prove costly. 
 
 Risks Related to the Company s Securities 
 
 The holders of our subordinated notes and subordinated debentures have rights that are senior to those of our common shareholders. If we defer payments of interest on our outstanding subordinated debentures or if certain defaults relating to those debentures occur, we will be prohibited from declaring or paying dividends or distributions on, and from making liquidation payments with respect to, our common stock. 
 
 We have subordinated debentures issued in connection with trust preferred securities. Payments of the principal and interest on the trust preferred securities are unconditionally guaranteed by us. The subordinated debentures are senior to our shares of common stock. As a result, we must make payments on the subordinated debentures (and the related trust preferred securities) before any dividends can be paid on our common stock. In addition, in the event of our bankruptcy, dissolution or liquidation, the holders of both the subordinated debentures and the subordinated notes must be satisfied before any distributions can be made to the holders of our common stock. We have the right to defer distributions on the subordinated debentures (and the related trust preferred securities) for up to five years, during which time no dividends may be paid to holders of our capital stock. If we elect to defer or if we default with respect to our obligations to make payments on these subordinated debentures, this would likely have a material adverse effect on the market value of our common stock. Moreover, without notice to or consent from the holders of our common stock, we may issue additional series of subordinated debt securities in the future with terms similar to those of our existing subordinated debt securities or enter into other financing agreements that limit our ability to purchase or to pay dividends or distributions on our capital stock. 

29 

We may be unable to, or choose not to, pay dividends on our common stock. 
 
 We cannot assure you of our ability to continue to pay dividends. Our ability to pay dividends depends on the following factors, among others: 
 
 We may not have sufficient earnings since our primary source of income, the payment of dividends to us by our subsidiary bank, is subject to federal and state laws that limit the ability of the bank to pay dividends; 
 FRB policy requires bank holding companies to pay cash dividends on common stock only out of net income available over the past year and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization s expected future needs and financial condition; and 
 Our Board of Directors may determine that, even though funds are available for dividend payments, retaining the funds for internal uses, such as expansion of our operations, is a better strategy. 
 
 If we fail to pay dividends, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock may be the sole opportunity for gains on an investment in our common stock. In addition, in the event our subsidiary bank becomes unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service our debt or pay our other obligations or pay dividends on our common stock. Accordingly, our inability to receive dividends from our subsidiary bank could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and the value of your investment in our common stock. Our subsidiary bank s ability to pay dividends or make other payments to us, as well as our ability to pay dividends on our common stock, is limited by the bank s obligation to maintain sufficient capital and by other general regulatory restrictions on its dividends, including restrictions imposed by state laws and regulations. 
 
 There may be future sales of additional common stock or preferred stock or other dilution of our equity, which may adversely affect the value of our common stock. 
 
 We are not restricted from issuing additional common stock or preferred stock, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common stock or preferred stock or any substantially similar securities. The value of our common stock could decline as a result of sales by us of a large number of shares of common stock or preferred stock or similar securities in the market or the perception that such sales could occur. 
 
 Shares of our common stock, as well as our other securities, are not insured deposits and may lose value. 
 
 Shares of the Company s common stock, as well as our other securities, are not savings accounts, deposits, or other obligations of any depository institution, and those shares are not insured by the FDIC or any other governmental agency or instrumentality or private insurer. Investments in shares of the Company s common stock or other securities, therefore, are subject to investment risk, including the possible loss of principal. 
 
 Anti-takeover provisions could negatively impact our shareholders. 
 
 Provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and federal banking laws, including regulatory approval requirements, could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to our shareholders. The combination of these provisions effectively inhibits a non-negotiated merger or other business combination, which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for holders of our common stock to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our Board of Directors. 
 
 Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and resulting economic conditions have adversely impacted our business, and may adversely impact our business in the future, as well as that of our customers and third-party vendors. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and responses to it have impacted, and may continue to impact, our business, results of operations, and financial condition, as well as those of our customers and third-party vendors. The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant disruptions to the global economy and the lives of people around the world. As a result of the pandemic, governmental authorities, businesses, and the public have taken unprecedented actions designed to limit the scope and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as mitigate its effects. We are unable to determine how long it may take for the pandemic to fully subside. 

30 

Changes due to COVID-19 may continue to have adverse impacts on the Company s business due to, among other things, reduced effectiveness of operations, supply-chain challenges, unavailability of personnel (including due to illness), and increased cybersecurity risks related to use of remote technology. We may experience financial losses and declines in our financial condition due to a number of factors associated with the pandemic, including, among other things, deteriorations in credit quality, past due loans, challenges faced by our third-party vendors who provide key services, and charge offs resulting from difficulties faced by our hospitality, retail, restaurant, energy, and other borrowers as a result of the pandemic and responses to it (although these difficulties recently seem to be improving). 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has contributed to significant volatility in the financial markets. Depending on the extent and duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, and perceptions regarding national and global recovery from the pandemic, volatility in the financial markets may continue which may adversely impact the price of the Company s common stock. 
 
 The Company may still experience adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic based on future developments, including, among other things, how long the pandemic lasts, how successful vaccination efforts are, the significant spread of new strains of the virus, and whether additional restrictions are imposed on businesses and individuals. Even after the COVID-19 pandemic has subsided, we may continue to experience adverse impacts to our business as a result of any economic recession or depression that has occurred or may occur in the future, or as a result of changes in the behavior of customers, businesses and their employees. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described herein and in other filings we make with the SEC. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 Our management has broad discretion over the use of proceeds from future stock offerings. 
 
 Although we generally indicate our intent to use the proceeds from stock offerings for general corporate purposes, including funding internal growth and selected future acquisitions, our Board of Directors retains significant discretion with respect to the use of the proceeds from possible future offerings. If we use the funds to acquire other businesses, there can be no assurance that any business we acquire will be successfully integrated into our operations or otherwise perform as expected. 
 
 Our recent results do not indicate our future results and may not provide guidance to assess the risk of an investment in our common stock. 
 
 We may not be able to sustain our historical rate of growth or be able to expand our business. Various factors, such as economic conditions, regulatory and legislative considerations and competition, may also impede or prohibit our ability to expand our market presence. We may also be unable to identify advantageous acquisition opportunities or, once identified, enter into transactions to make such acquisitions. If we are not able to successfully grow our business, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Weather-related events or natural or man-made disasters could cause a disruption in our business or have other effects which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We have operations in the mid-south and certain great plains states, areas susceptible to tornados and severe weather events. In addition, our operations and a significant number of our branches are located in the New Madrid Seismic Zone. While we have in place a business continuity plan, such events could potentially disrupt our operations or result in physical damage to our branch office locations. Severe weather events or earthquakes could also impact the value of any collateral we hold, or significantly disrupt the local economies in the markets that we serve, manifesting in a decline in loan originations, as well as an increase in the risk of delinquencies, defaults, and foreclosures. 

31 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 None. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 The principal offices of the Company and of its subsidiary bank, Simmons Bank, consist of an eleven-story office building and adjacent office space located in the downtown business district of the city of Pine Bluff, Arkansas. A portion of those offices is subject to a ground lease that expires March 31, 2057. We have additional corporate offices located in Little Rock, Arkansas, including a twelve-story office building in Little Rock s River Market district. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiaries own or lease additional offices in the states of Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. The Company and its subsidiaries conduct financial operations from approximately 230 financial centers located in communities throughout Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. We believe our properties are suitable and adequate for our present operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 The information contained in Note 22, Contingent Liabilities, of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this report is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol SFNC. 
 
 As of February 21, 2023, there were approximately 2,501 shareholders of record of our common stock. See the Cash Dividends discussion in the Capital section of Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , for additional information regarding cash dividends. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Effective July 23, 2021, our Board of Directors approved an amendment to the Company s stock repurchase program originally approved in October 2019 and first amended in March 2020 2019 Program that increased the amount of our Class A Common Stock that may be repurchased under the 2019 Program from a maximum of 180 million to a maximum of 276.5 million and extended the term of the 2019 Program from October 31, 2021, to October 31, 2022. The repurchase authorization under the 2019 Program was substantially exhausted during January 2022. 
 
 On January 27, 2022, we announced a new stock repurchase program (the 2022 Program under which we may repurchase up to 175.0 million of our Class A Common Stock currently issued and outstanding. The 2022 Program replaced the 2019 Program. The timing, pricing, and amount of any repurchases under the 2022 Program will be determined by management at its discretion based on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, trading volume and market price of our common stock, corporate considerations, the Company working capital and investment requirements, general market and economic conditions, and legal requirements. Under the 2022 Program, we may repurchase shares of our Class A Common Stock through open market and privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The 2022 Program does not obligate us to repurchase any of our Class A Common Stock and may be modified, discontinued, or suspended at any time without prior notice. We anticipate funding for the 2022 Program to come from available sources of liquidity, including cash on hand and future cash flow. 
 
 The Company made no purchases of its common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022. Under the 2022 Program, the Company has approximately 79.9 million of remaining funds that may be used to repurchase shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. 
 
 32 

Performance Graph 
 
 The performance graph below compares the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company s Common Stock with the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index and the KBW Regional Banking Index. The graph assumes an investment of 100 on December 31, 2017 and reinvestment of dividends on the date of payment without commissions. The performance graph represents past performance and should not be considered as an indication of future performance. 
 
 Period Ending Index 12/31/2017 12/31/2018 12/31/2019 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Simmons First National Corporation 100.00 86.23 98.21 82.40 115.63 87.16 Russell 2000 Index 100.00 88.99 111.70 134.00 153.85 122.41 KBW Nasdaq Regional Banking Index 100.00 82.50 102.15 93.25 127.42 118.59 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 
 33 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis presents the more significant factors that affected our financial condition as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and results of operations for each of the years then ended. Refer to Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 25, 2022 (the 2021 Form 10-K for a discussion and analysis of the more significant factors that affected periods prior to 2021, which are incorporated herein by reference. Certain reclassifications have been made to make prior periods comparable. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, notes thereto and other financial information appearing elsewhere in this report, as well as the cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements and the risks discussed in Item 1A of Part I of this Form 10-K. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Overview 
 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. While we base estimates on historical experience, current information and other factors deemed to be relevant, actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 We consider accounting estimates to be critical to reported financial results if (i) the accounting estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain and (ii) different estimates that management reasonably could have used for the accounting estimate in the current period, or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period, could have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 
 The accounting policies that we view as critical to us are those relating to estimates and judgments regarding (a) the determination of the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses, (b) acquisition accounting and valuation of loans, (c) the valuation of goodwill and the useful lives applied to intangible assets, (d) the valuation of stock-based compensation plans and (e) income taxes. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense, which represents management s best estimate of lifetime expected losses based on reasonable and supportable forecasts, historical loss experience, and other qualitative considerations. The allowance, in the judgment of management, is necessary to reserve for expected credit losses and risks inherent in the loan portfolio. Our allowance for credit loss methodology includes reserve factors calculated to estimate current expected credit losses to amortized cost balances over the remaining contractual life of the portfolio, adjusted for prepayments, in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification ASC Topic 326-20, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses . Accordingly, the methodology is based on our reasonable and supportable economic forecasts, historical loss experience, and other qualitative adjustments. For further information see the section Allowance for Credit Losses below. 
 
 Our evaluation of the allowance for credit losses is inherently subjective as it requires material estimates. The actual amounts of credit losses realized in the near term could differ from the amounts estimated in arriving at the allowance for credit losses reported in the financial statements. On January 1, 2020, the Company adopted the new Current Expected Credit Losses, or CECL , methodology. See Note 20, New Accounting Standards, in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 
 Prior to the adoption of the CECL methodology in 2020, the allowance for credit losses was calculated monthly based on management s assessment of several factors such as (1) historical loss experience based on volumes and types, (2) volume and trends in delinquencies and nonaccruals, (3) lending policies and procedures including those for credit losses, collections and recoveries, (4) national, state and local economic trends and conditions, (5) external factors and pressure from competition, (6) the experience, ability and depth of lending management and staff, (7) seasoning of new products obtained and new markets entered through acquisition and (8) other factors and trends that affected specific loans and categories of loans. We established general allocations for each major loan category. This category also included allocations to loans which were collectively evaluated for loss such as credit cards, one-to-four family owner occupied residential real estate loans and other consumer loans. General reserves were established, based upon the aforementioned factors and allocated to the individual loan categories. Allowances were accrued for probable losses on specific loans evaluated for impairment for which the basis of each loan, including accrued interest, exceeded the discounted amount of expected future collections of interest and principal or, alternatively, the fair value of loan collateral. 
 
 34 

Acquisition Accounting, Loans 
 
 We account for our acquisitions under ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations , which requires the use of the acquisition method of accounting. All identifiable assets acquired, including loans, are recorded at fair value. The fair value for acquired loans at the time of acquisition is based on a variety of factors including discounted expected cash flows, adjusted for estimated prepayments and credit losses. In accordance with ASC 326, the fair value adjustment is recorded as premium or discount to the unpaid principal balance of each acquired loan. Loans that have been identified as having experienced a more-than-insignificant deterioration in credit quality since origination are purchased credit deteriorated PCD loans. The net premium or discount on PCD loans is adjusted by our allowance for credit losses recorded at the time of acquisition. The remaining net premium or discount is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan using a constant yield method. The net premium or discount on loans that are not classified as PCD non-PCD ), that includes credit and non-credit components, is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan using a constant yield method. We then record the necessary allowance for credit losses on the non-PCD loans through provision for credit losses expense. 
 
 Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the cost of an acquisition over the fair value of the net assets acquired. Other intangible assets represent purchased assets that also lack physical substance but can be separately distinguished from goodwill because of contractual or other legal rights or because the asset is capable of being sold or exchanged either on its own or in combination with a related contract, asset or liability. We perform an annual goodwill impairment test, and more than annually if circumstances warrant, in accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other , as amended by ASU 2011-08 T esting Goodwill for Impairment and ASU 2017-04 - Intangibles Goodwill and Other . ASC Topic 350 requires that goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite lives be reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if certain conditions occur. Our assessment depends on several assumptions which are dependent on market and economic conditions. Impairment losses on recorded goodwill, if any, will be recorded as operating expenses. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Plans 
 
 We have adopted various stock-based compensation plans. The plans provide for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units. Pursuant to the plans, shares are reserved for future issuance by the Company upon exercise of stock options or awarding of restricted stock, restricted stock units or performance stock units granted to directors, officers and other key employees. 
 
 In accordance with ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock Compensation , the fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model that uses various assumptions. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, changes to which can materially affect the fair value estimate. For additional information, see Note 15, Employee Benefit Plans, in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We are subject to the federal income tax laws of the United States, and the tax laws of the states and other jurisdictions where we conduct business. Due to the complexity of these laws, taxpayers and the taxing authorities may subject these laws to different interpretations. Management must make conclusions and estimates about the application of these innately intricate laws, related regulations, and case law. When preparing the Company s income tax returns, management attempts to make reasonable interpretations of the tax laws. Taxing authorities have the ability to challenge management s analysis of the tax law or any reinterpretation management makes in its ongoing assessment of facts and the developing case law. Management assesses the reasonableness of its effective tax rate quarterly based on its current estimate of net income and the applicable taxes expected for the full year. On a quarterly basis, management also reviews circumstances and developments in tax law affecting the reasonableness of deferred tax assets and liabilities and reserves for contingent tax liabilities. 
 
 35 

2022 Overview 
 
 Our net income available to common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 256.4 million, or 2.06 diluted earnings per share, compared to 271.1 million, or 2.46 diluted earnings per share, for the same period in 2021. Included in 2022 results were 42.2 million of certain items, net of tax, that were primarily related to our acquisitions, Day 2 accounting provision in connection with acquisitions, gain on an insurance settlement related to a weather event, and branch right sizing initiatives. Included in 2021 results were 23.9 million of certain items, net of tax, that were primarily related to our acquisitions, Day 2 accounting provision in connection with acquisitions and gains associated with the sale of branches. Adjusting for these certain items, adjusted earnings for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 298.6 million, or 2.40 adjusted diluted earnings per share, compared to 295.0 million, or 2.68 adjusted diluted earnings per share, in 2021. See GAAP Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional discussion and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures. 
 
 Results during 2022 were strong and demonstrate our ability to navigate the current economic environment and volatile market conditions. Highlights for the year include an increase in revenue, well contained operating expense growth, improved asset quality, strong organic loan growth, expansion of the net interest margin, and excellent capital ratios. 
 
 On April 8, 2022 we completed our acquisition of Spirit, headquartered in Conroe, Texas, including its wholly-owned bank subsidiary, Spirit Bank. We were able to obtain all necessary approvals, consummate the transaction and successfully complete the systems conversion less than five months after the announcement, which we believe speaks to the outstanding team we have developed. See Note 2, Acquisitions, in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to this acquisition. 
 
 Simmons Bank was named to Forbes magazine s list of World s Best Banks for the third consecutive year and ranked among the top 45 banks in Forbes list of America s Best Banks for 2022 and our Chief Digital Officer was recently recognized by A merican Banker as a 2022 Digital Banker of the Year. We continue our efforts in developing new and innovative products and services using digital channels to provide an enhanced customer experience to bank when you want, where you want. 
 
 Asset quality metrics remain at historically low levels and reflect our conservative credit culture, as well as the impact of our strategic decision in 2019 designed to de-risk certain elements of loan portfolios that were acquired in connection with our geographic diversification and expansion. As a result of this strategic decision, over the past two years we have prudently and systematically exited certain non-relationship credits and non-core industries while also significantly reducing our exposure to commercial real estate to more acceptable levels. Total nonperforming loans as of December 31, 2022 were 58.9 million, as compared to 68.6 million at December 31, 2021. Non-performing assets, including troubled debt restructurings TDRs and acquired foreclosed assets, as a percent of total assets were 0.23 , compared to 0.33 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Stockholders equity as of December 31, 2022 was 3.3 billion, book value per share was 25.73 and tangible book value per common share was 14.33. Our ratio of common stockholders equity to total assets was 11.9 and the ratio of tangible common stockholders equity to tangible assets was 7.0 at December 31, 2022. See GAAP Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for additional discussion and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures. The Company s Tier I leverage ratio of 9.3 , as well as our other regulatory capital ratios, remain significantly above the well capitalized minimum requirements. See Table 18 Risk-Based Capital for regulatory capital ratios. In January 2022, our Board of Directors authorized the 2022 Program under which we may repurchase up to 175.0 million of our Class A common stock currently issued and outstanding. The 2022 Program replaced the 2019 Program, which was substantially exhausted during the first quarter of 2022. In total, under the 2019 Program and the 2022 Program, we repurchased approximately 4.4 million shares of our common stock during 2022. 
 
 Total loans were 16.1 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 4.1 billion, or 34.4 , from the same time in 2021. The increase in total loans during the period primarily reflects the acquisition of Spirit during the second quarter of 2022, which provided 2.29 billion in total loans after purchase accounting adjustments, coupled with net loan growth driven by increased activity throughout our geographic footprint. 
 
 While activity in our commercial pipeline slowed to 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2022 due to, in large part, the impact of the rapidly rising interest rates and our emphasis on maintaining prudent underwriting standards and pricing discipline, our unfunded commitments increased to 5.6 billion at December 31, 2022, as compared to 3.4 billion at December 31, 2021. Our strategy of restructuring our loan portfolio over the past two years not only diversified the risk profile but also established capacity which should provide the foundation for additional loan and revenue growth, and which is evident in our loan pipeline and unfunded commitments. As of December 31, 2022, our liquidity is solid, and our capital is strong. 

36 

In our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operation in this Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, we provide certain financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with US GAAP. We believe the presentation of non-GAAP financial measures provides a meaningful basis for period-to-period and company-to-company comparisons, which we believe will assist investors and analysts in analyzing the core financial measures of the Company and predicting future performance. See the GAAP Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures section below for additional discussion and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures. 
 
 Simmons First National Corporation is an Arkansas-based financial holding company that, as of December 31, 2022, has approximately 27.5 billion in consolidated assets and, through its subsidiaries, conducts financial operations in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. 

Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income, our principal source of earnings, is the difference between the interest income generated by earning assets and the total interest cost of the deposits and borrowings obtained to fund those assets. Factors that determine the level of net interest income include the volume of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, yields earned and rates paid, the level of non-performing loans and the amount of noninterest bearing liabilities supporting earning assets. Net interest income is analyzed in the discussion and tables below on a fully taxable equivalent basis. The adjustment to convert certain income to a fully taxable equivalent basis consists of dividing tax-exempt income by one minus the combined federal and state income tax rate of 26.135 . 
 
 The FRB sets various benchmark interest rates which influence the general market rates of interest, including the deposit and loan rates offered by financial institutions. Between December 2015 and December 2018, the FRB had been gradually raising benchmark interest rates. The FRB target for the federal funds rate, which is the cost to banks of immediately available overnight funds, increased gradually from 0 - 0.50 in December 2015 to 2.25 - 2.50 over a three year period. The federal funds rate was flat until the FRB began to lower the rate in August 2019 and ultimately reduced it to 1.50 - 1.75 in October 2019. During March 2020, the Federal Open Market Committee FOMC of the FRB substantially reduced interest rates in response to the economic crisis brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic. The federal funds rate was cut to a range of 0 - 0.25 , where it remained throughout 2021 and into early 2022. During March 2022, the FOMC began a series of rate increases in an effort to curb rising inflation. Overall in 2022, the federal funds rate range was increased on seven occasions and ended 2022 with a range set at 4.25 - 4.50 . As of early 2023, the FOMC had made one more rate increase, although the 25 basis point increase represents a more gradual increase than seen throughout 2022. 
 
 Our loan portfolio is significantly affected by changes in the prime interest rate. The prime interest rate, which is the rate offered on loans to borrowers with strong credit, also increased from 3.25 to 5.50 during the years 2015 through 2018. The prime interest rate remained flat until it began to decrease in July 2019 and was eventually reduced to 4.75 in October 2019. Similarly to the reduction in the federal funds rate, the prime rate was cut to 3.25 in mid-March of 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and remained unchanged throughout 2021 and into early 2022. Paralleling the federal funds rate, multiple increases by the Federal Reserve during 2022 increased the prime rate to 7.50 as of the end of 2022. Markets continue to anticipate more gradual rate increases by the Federal Reserve during 2023. 
 
 Our practice is to limit exposure to interest rate movements by maintaining a significant portion of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities in short-term repricing. In the last several years, on average, approximately 42 of our loan portfolio and approximately 80 of our time deposits have repriced in one year or less. Our current interest rate sensitivity shows that approximately 40 of our loans and 87 of our time deposits will reprice in the next year. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis was 742.0 million, an increase of 131.2 million, or 21.5 , over the same period in 2021. The increase in net interest income was primarily the result of a 196.1 million increase in interest income, partially offset by a 64.9 million increase in interest expense. 

37 

The increase in interest income primarily resulted from a 140.3 million increase in interest income on loans, coupled with an increase of 50.9 million in interest income on investment securities. Regarding the increase in interest income on loans during 2022, the increase in loan volume resulted in an increase of 125.6 million in interest income, while a 12 basis point increase in yield resulted in a 14.7 million increase in interest income during the year ended December 31, 2022. The loan yield for 2022 was 4.83 , compared to 4.71 for 2021. The increase in our loan volume during 2022 was primarily due to the Spirit acquisition in the second quarter of 2022, along with the acquisitions of Landmark Community Bank Landmark and Triumph Bancshares, Inc. Triumph in the fourth quarter of 2021, as well as organic loan growth which was widespread across our geographic markets. Forgiveness of PPP loans partially offset the additional loan volume provided by these acquisitions. The increase in interest income on investment securities was due to our investment portfolio average balances, which increased by 1.31 billion, or 19.1 , during 2022 as we re-invested excess liquidity in our investment security portfolio. Additionally, an aggregated increase of 25.5 million during 2022 in interest income on investment securities was due to yield increases over the period of 42 basis points and 16 basis points for our taxable and non-taxable investment security portfolios, respectively. The increase in both loan and investment yield was due to the rising rate environment and was also positively impacted by a significant decrease in the level of variable rate loans and securities at or below their interest rate floors during the year. 
 
 Included in interest income is the additional yield accretion recognized as a result of updated estimates of the cash flows of our loans acquired. Each quarter, we estimate the cash flows expected to be collected from the loans acquired, and adjustments may or may not be required. The cash flows estimate may increase or decrease based on payment histories and loss expectations of the loans. The resulting adjustment to interest income is spread on a level-yield basis over the remaining expected lives of the loans. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, interest income included 23.9 million, 22.1 million and 41.5 million, respectively, for the yield accretion recognized on loans acquired. 
 
 The 64.9 million increase in interest expense is mostly due to the increase in our deposit account rates. Interest expense increased 52.1 million due to the increase in rate of 34 basis points on interest-bearing deposit accounts and increased 5.8 million due to the increase in deposit volume over the period. Additionally, interest expense increased 8.4 million due to the increase in rate of 71 basis points on other borrowings. Impacts to our balance sheet that affected interest expense during 2022 as compared to 2021 include the Spirit, Landmark and Triumph acquisitions noted above, as well as a rising interest rate environment throughout 2022, as the market experiences a shift in consumer sentiment given the attractiveness of higher yielding time deposits in the current higher interest rate environment. We continually monitor and look for opportunities to fairly reprice our deposits while remaining competitive in this current challenging rate environment. 
 
 Our net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis was 3.17 for the year ended December 31, 2022, up 28 basis points from 2021. The increase in the net interest margin was primarily due to the rising rate environment and driven by increases in our loan and investment rates. Further, the overall increase in our earning assets average balances over the comparative period has improved interest income, coupled with the effective management of our interest bearing liabilities, as we continued our effort to improve the mix of deposits into lower cost deposits and manage rates effectively. 
 
 Over the course of 2023, we anticipate pressure on our margin due to several factors. We saw strong organic loan growth during 2022, but our loan pipeline experienced decreased volume throughout the year. We expect modest organic loan growth during 2023 in the higher interest rate environment. Additionally, while we increased reliance on wholesale funding towards the end of 2022, we plan to reinvest cash flows from our investment portfolio and other sources back into the loan portfolio to offset reliance on wholesale funding going forward. Further, we have 1.0 billion of fixed rate callable municipal securities held in the AFS portfolio under swap agreements. These swap agreements consist of a two year forward start date and involve the payment of fixed interest rates with a weighted average of 1.21 in exchange for variable interest rates based on federal funds rates beginning in the third quarter of 2023. 

38 

Tables 1 and 2 reflect an analysis of net interest income on a fully taxable equivalent basis for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as well as changes in fully taxable equivalent net interest margin for the years 2022 versus 2021 and 2021 versus 2020. 
 
 Table 1: Analysis of Net Interest Margin 
 (FTE = Fully Taxable Equivalent using an effective tax rate of 26.135 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Interest income 861,735 671,061 759,718 FTE adjustment 24,671 19,231 11,001 Interest income - FTE 886,406 690,292 770,719 Interest expense 144,419 79,529 119,984 Net interest income - FTE 741,987 610,763 650,735 Yield on earning assets - FTE 3.79 3.27 4.00 Cost of interest bearing liabilities 0.84 0.52 0.84 Net interest spread - FTE 2.95 2.75 3.16 Net interest margin - FTE 3.17 2.89 3.38 
 
 Table 2: Changes in Fully Taxable Equivalent Net Interest Margin 
 (In thousands) 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Increase (decrease) due to change in earning assets 147,423 (40,169) Increase (decrease) due to change in earning asset yields 48,691 (40,258) Decrease due to change in interest bearing liabilities (3,274) (2,191) Increase (decrease) due to change in interest rates paid on interest bearing liabilities (61,616) 42,646 Increase (decrease) in net interest income 131,224 (39,972) 

Table 3 shows, for each major category of earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, the average (computed on a daily basis) amount outstanding, the interest earned or expensed on such amount and the average rate earned or expensed for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022. The table also shows the average rate earned on all earning assets, the average rate expensed on all interest bearing liabilities, the net interest spread and the net interest margin for the same periods. The analysis is presented on a fully taxable equivalent basis. Nonaccrual loans were included in average loans for the purpose of calculating the rate earned on total loans. 
 
 39 

Table 3: Average Balance Sheets and Net Interest Income Analysis 
 (FTE = Fully Taxable Equivalent using an effective tax rate of 26.135 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Average Income/ Yield/ Average Income/ Yield/ Average Income/ Yield/ (In thousands) Balance Expense Rate ) Balance Expense Rate ) Balance Expense Rate ) ASSETS Earning assets: Interest bearing balances due from banks and federal funds sold 
 793,836 5,500 0.69 2,376,421 2,795 0.12 1,970,852 4,383 0.22 Investment securities - taxable 
 5,462,427 94,437 1.73 4,512,564 58,976 1.31 1,813,640 35,039 1.93 Investment securities - non-taxable 
 2,703,662 86,596 3.20 2,343,117 71,207 3.04 1,113,851 39,666 3.56 Mortgage loans held for sale 
 16,609 720 4.33 55,204 1,565 2.83 113,854 3,031 2.66 Other loans held for sale 8,322 3,120 37.49 Loans - including fees 14,419,763 696,033 4.83 11,810,480 555,749 4.71 14,260,689 688,600 4.83 Total interest earning assets 
 23,404,619 886,406 3.79 21,097,786 690,292 3.27 19,272,886 770,719 4.00 Non-earning assets 3,014,219 2,394,522 2,317,859 Total assets 26,418,838 23,492,308 21,590,745 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Interest bearing liabilities: 
 Interest bearing transaction and savings deposits 
 12,253,164 63,033 0.51 10,638,665 19,568 0.18 9,128,936 38,462 0.42 Time deposits 3,094,747 36,016 1.16 2,804,851 21,604 0.77 3,006,768 41,398 1.38 Total interest bearing deposits 
 15,347,911 99,049 0.65 13,443,516 41,172 0.31 12,135,704 79,860 0.66 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 200,744 941 0.47 247,448 579 0.23 362,629 1,715 0.47 Other borrowings 1,155,310 24,934 2.16 1,340,185 19,495 1.45 1,353,738 19,652 1.45 Subordinated debt and debentures 
 394,870 19,495 4.94 383,182 18,283 4.77 385,294 18,757 4.87 Total interest bearing liabilities 
 17,098,835 144,419 0.84 15,414,331 79,529 0.52 14,237,365 119,984 0.84 Noninterest bearing liabilities: Noninterest bearing deposits 5,827,160 4,836,839 4,225,618 Other liabilities 233,179 169,140 205,956 Total liabilities 23,159,174 20,420,310 18,668,939 Stockholders equity 3,259,664 3,071,998 2,921,806 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 26,418,838 23,492,308 21,590,745 Net interest spread 2.95 2.75 3.16 Net interest margin 741,987 3.17 610,763 2.89 650,735 3.38 

40 

Table 4 shows changes in interest income and interest expense resulting from changes in volume and changes in interest rates for the years 2022 versus 2021 and 2021 versus 2020. The changes in interest rate and volume have been allocated to changes in average volume and changes in average rates in proportion to the relationship of absolute dollar amounts of the changes in rates and volume. 
 
 Table 4: Volume/Rate Analysis 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Yield/ Yield/ (In thousands, on a fully taxable equivalent basis) Volume Rate Total Volume Rate Total Increase (decrease) in: Interest income: Interest bearing balances due from banks and federal funds sold 
 (2,952) 5,657 2,705 773 (2,361) (1,588) Investment securities - taxable 13,996 21,465 35,461 38,285 (14,348) 23,937 Investment securities - non-taxable 11,395 3,994 15,389 38,110 (6,569) 31,541 Mortgage loans held for sale (1,424) 579 (845) (1,651) 185 (1,466) Other loans held for sale 791 2,329 3,120 Loans - including fees 125,617 14,667 140,284 (115,686) (17,165) (132,851) Total 147,423 48,691 196,114 (40,169) (40,258) (80,427) Interest expense: Interest bearing transaction and savings accounts 3,386 40,079 43,465 5,548 (24,442) (18,894) Time deposits 2,425 11,987 14,412 (2,618) (17,176) (19,794) Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 (126) 488 362 (439) (697) (1,136) Other borrowings (2,978) 8,417 5,439 (197) 40 (157) Subordinated notes and debentures 567 645 1,212 (103) (371) (474) Total 3,274 61,616 64,890 2,191 (42,646) (40,455) Increase (decrease) in net interest income 144,149 (12,925) 131,224 (42,360) 2,388 (39,972) 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 The provision for credit losses represents management s determination of the amount necessary to be charged against the current period s earnings in order to maintain the allowance for credit losses at a level considered appropriate in relation to the estimated lifetime risk inherent in the loan portfolio. The level of provision to the allowance is based on management s judgment, with consideration given to the composition, maturity and other qualitative characteristics of the portfolio, assessment of current economic conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts, past due and non-performing loans and historical net credit loss experience. It is management s practice to review the allowance on a monthly basis and, after considering the factors previously noted, to determine the level of provision made to the allowance. 
 
 Management updates credit loss forecasts using multiple Moody s economic scenarios, the most recent of which were published in December 2022. The baseline economic forecast was weighted 62 , while the downside scenario of S-2 was weighted 30 and the upside scenario of S-1 was weighted 8 . The weighting of the forecasts is characterized by, among others, continual increase of CRE prices, increasing market rates, and declining national unemployment rates. The baseline economic forecast as of December 2021 was weighted 65 , while the downside scenario of S-2 was weighted 17 and the upside scenario of S-1 was weighted 18 . The weightings reflect management s sentiment around the published forecasted scenarios by Moody s at that specific time. 

41 

During 2022, our provision for credit loss expense was 14.1 million, as compared to a recapture of 32.7 million during 2021 and an expense of 75.0 million during 2020. The provision for credit loss expense during 2022 was impacted by several factors throughout the year, including a 33.8 million Day 2 provision expense required for loans and unfunded commitments related to the Spirit acquisition, and an expense of 16.0 million related to the overall increase in unfunded commitments during the year, primarily made up of commercial construction loans, which receive a higher reserve allocation than other loans. These expenses were partially offset by a release of 16.0 million, which was driven by a reduction to certain industry specific qualitative factors for the restaurant, hospitality, student housing and office space industries due to the improvement from pandemic related stresses. Further recapture during 2022 was driven by the planned exit of several large oil and gas relationships during the year, along with our improved asset credit quality metrics and improved Moody s economic modeling scenarios. 
 
 The recapture of credit losses during 2021 was driven by improved credit quality metrics, improved macroeconomic factors, and a maturing and amortizing loan portfolio. This recapture was partially offset by 22.7 million in provision for credit loss expense for estimated lifetime credit losses for non-purchase credit deteriorated loans acquired through the acquisitions of Landmark and Triumph during the fourth quarter. The increase during 2020 was primarily driven by the adoption of CECL and the related change in methodology which is based on qualitative adjustments, intended to account for potential problem credits that have not materialized into any identifiable metrics or delinquencies. During 2020, certain industries were more adversely impacted by the current and expected economic scenarios, such as the restaurant, retail, and hotel industries. Also, 2020 included an additional provision related to problem energy credits, ultimately charged-off during the second quarter of 2020 for a total of 32.6 million, that experienced further deterioration beginning in first quarter of 2020 and were negatively impacted by the sharp decline in commodity pricing. The remainder of the increase was related to the economic impact of the COVID-19 pandemic that is incorporated in our allowance for credit losses. 

Noninterest Income 
 
 Noninterest income is principally derived from recurring fee income, which includes service charges, wealth management fees and debit and credit card fees. Noninterest income also includes income on the sale of mortgage loans, income from the increase in cash surrender values of bank owned life insurance and gains (losses) from sales of securities. 
 
 Total noninterest income was 170.1 million in 2022, compared to 191.8 million in 2021 and 239.8 million in 2020. Noninterest income for 2022 decreased 21.7 million, or 11.3 , from 2021. Included in 2022 results were 4.3 million of certain items, primarily made up of a 4.1 million gain on an insurance settlement related to a weather event that caused severe damage to one of our branch locations. Included in 2021 results were 5.7 million of certain items, primarily related to a 5.3 million gain on sale related to the Illinois Branch Sale in 2021. Adjusting for these certain items, adjusted noninterest income for the year ended December 31, 2022 decreased 20.4 million, or 10.9 , from the prior year. See the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures section for additional discussion and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures. 
 
 The majority of the decrease during 2022 was related to the decline in the gains on sale of securities and mortgage lending income compared to 2021. During 2021, we sold approximately 342.6 million of investment securities resulting in a net gain of 15.5 million, while we realized a net loss of 278,000 related to the call of securities during 2022. 
 
 Mortgage lending income decreased 11.3 million during 2022 due to the rising interest rate environment and softening market conditions throughout the year, which slowed the demand for mortgage loans compared to the demand associated with the lower interest rate environment in 2021. We originated 751.0 million and 1.13 billion in mortgage loans during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 These decreases in noninterest income during 2022 were partially offset by an increase of 3.3 million in service charges on deposit accounts and an increase of 3.0 million in debit and credit fees as a result of additional transactions due to the incremental customer base from the Landmark, Triumph and Spirit acquisitions and additional transactions due to the changes in customer spending habits. Also included in 2022 results is the 4.1 million gain on an insurance settlement previously discussed and an increase of 2.2 million in bank owned life insurance income due to our increased investment in bank owned life insurance. 

42 

Table 5 shows noninterest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as well as changes in 2022 from 2021 and in 2021 from 2020. 
 
 Table 5: Noninterest Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 Change from 2021 Change from (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2021 2020 Service charges on deposit accounts 46,527 43,231 43,082 3,296 7.6 149 0.4 Debit and credit card fees 31,203 28,245 24,711 2,958 10.5 3,534 14.3 Wealth management fees 31,895 31,172 30,386 723 2.3 786 2.6 Mortgage lending income 10,522 21,798 34,469 (11,276) (51.7) (12,671) (36.8) Bank owned life insurance income 11,146 8,902 5,815 2,244 25.2 3,087 53.1 Other service charges and fees 7,616 7,696 6,624 (80) (1.0) 1,072 16.2 Gain (loss) on sale of securities, net (278) 15,498 54,806 (15,776) (39,308) (71.7) Gain on sale of branches 5,316 8,368 (5,316) (3,052) (36.5) Gain on insurance settlement 4,074 4,074 Other income 27,361 29,957 31,508 (2,596) (8.7) (1,551) (4.9) Total noninterest income 170,066 191,815 239,769 (21,749) (11.3) (47,954) (20.0) 
 _________________________ 
 Not meaningful 
 
 Recurring fee income (total service charges, wealth management fees, debit and credit card fees) for 2022 was 117.2 million, an increase of 6.9 million, or 6.3 , when compared to the 2021 amounts. The increases in the periods presented are primarily the result of changes in total service charges and debit and credit card fees as previously discussed. 

Noninterest Expense 
 
 Noninterest expense consists of salaries and employee benefits, occupancy, equipment, foreclosure losses and other expenses necessary for our operations. Management remains committed to controlling the level of noninterest expense through the continued use of expense control measures. We utilize an extensive profit planning and reporting system involving all subsidiaries. Based on a needs assessment of the business plan for the upcoming year, monthly and annual profit plans are developed, including manpower and capital expenditure budgets. These profit plans are subject to extensive initial reviews and monitored by management monthly. Variances from the plan are reviewed monthly and, when required, management takes corrective action intended to ensure financial goals are met. We also regularly monitor staffing levels at each subsidiary to ensure productivity and overhead are in line with existing workload requirements. 
 
 Noninterest expense for 2022 was 566.7 million, an increase of 83.2 million, or 17.2 , from 2021. Included in 2022 were 27.7 million of certain items, primarily made up of 22.5 million of merger-related costs due to the Landmark, Triumph and Spirit acquisitions and 3.5 million from branch-right sizing costs. Included in 2021 were 15.4 million of certain items, made up of 15.9 million of merger-related costs due to the Landmark and Triumph acquisitions and a 537,000 benefit from branch-right sizing costs. Adjusting for these certain items, adjusted noninterest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 70.8 million, or 15.1 , from the prior year. See the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Measures section for additional discussion and reconciliations of non-GAAP measures. 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits expense and occupancy expense increased by 40.6 million and 5.5 million, respectively, as compared to 2021, primarily due to impacts from the Landmark, Triumph and Spirit acquisitions. In addition, we have added associates in our lending, wealth and mortgage programs, as well as in other key functions. 
 
 Deposit insurance increased by 4.6 million as compared to 2021 due to assessment rate increases from FDIC insurance and the Arkansas State Bank Department. 
 
 Other expense increased by 10.8 million as compared to 2021, primarily due to the impacts from the Landmark, Triumph and Spirit acquisitions, in addition to 1.2 million of accelerated amortization of certain tax credits, the offset of which is recorded in provision for income taxes. 

43 

Marketing expense increased by 6.6 million as compared to 2021 due to increased advertising and public relations expenses, including a multi-university corporate sponsorship program designed to support female student athletes and serve as a program for developing women leaders in the corporate world. Additionally, a nonrecurrent 1.6 million contribution was made during the year to the Simmons First Foundation Conservation Fund reflecting a portion of paper statement fees collected as part of a promotion to encourage customers to enroll in electronic statements. 
 
 Amortization of intangibles recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 was 15.9 million and 13.5 million, respectively. See Note 8, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our intangibles. 
 
 Table 6 below shows noninterest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, as well as changes in 2022 from 2021 and in 2021 from 2020. 
 
 Table 6: Noninterest Expense 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 Change from 2021 Change from (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2021 2020 Salaries and employee benefits 286,982 246,335 239,573 40,647 16.5 6,762 2.8 Early retirement program 2,901 (2,901) (100.0) Occupancy expense, net 44,321 38,797 37,556 5,524 14.2 1,241 3.3 Furniture and equipment expense 20,665 19,890 24,038 775 3.9 (4,148) (17.3) Other real estate and foreclosure expense 
 1,003 2,121 1,752 (1,118) (52.7) 369 21.1 Deposit insurance 11,608 6,973 9,184 4,635 66.5 (2,211) (24.1) Merger related costs 22,476 15,911 4,531 6,565 41.3 11,380 251.2 Other operating expenses: Professional services 19,138 18,921 18,688 217 1.2 233 1.3 Postage 8,955 8,276 7,538 679 8.2 738 9.8 Telephone 6,394 6,234 8,833 160 2.6 (2,599) (29.4) Credit card expenses 12,243 11,112 10,199 1,131 10.2 913 9.0 Marketing 28,870 22,234 19,396 6,636 29.9 2,838 14.6 Software and technology 40,906 40,608 39,724 298 0.7 884 2.2 Operating supplies 2,556 2,766 3,322 (210) (7.6) (556) (16.7) Amortization of intangibles 15,915 13,494 13,495 2,421 17.9 (1) Branch right sizing expense 3,475 (537) 14,097 4,012 (14,634) (103.8) Other expense 41,241 30,454 29,909 10,787 35.4 545 1.8 Total noninterest expense 566,748 483,589 484,736 83,159 17.2 (1,147) (0.2) 
 _________________________ 
 Not meaningful 

Income Taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes for 2022 was 50.1 million, compared to 61.3 million in 2021 and 64.9 million in 2020. The effective income tax rates for the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 16.4 , 18.4 and 20.3 , respectively. The decrease in the provision for income taxes during 2022 was the result of benefits related to tax credits that were recorded during the fourth quarter. 

44 

Loan Portfolio 
 
 Our loan portfolio averaged 14.42 billion during 2022 and 11.81 billion during 2021. As of December 31, 2022, total loans were 16.14 billion, compared to 12.01 billion on December 31, 2021, an increase of 4.13 billion, or 34.4 . The increase in the overall loan balance during 2022 is primarily due to the acquisition of Spirit which provided 2.29 billion in total loans after purchase accounting discounts, coupled with widespread loan growth throughout our geographic markets during the year. The increase in total loans more than offset declines in PPP loans, mortgage warehouse lending and planned declines in our energy portfolio. The most significant components of the loan portfolio were loans to businesses (commercial loans, commercial real estate loans and agricultural loans) and individuals (consumer loans, credit card loans and single-family residential real estate loans). 
 
 We seek to manage our credit risk by diversifying our loan portfolio, determining that borrowers have adequate sources of cash flow for loan repayment without liquidation of collateral, obtaining and monitoring collateral, providing an appropriate allowance for credit losses and regularly reviewing loans through the internal loan review process. The loan portfolio is diversified by borrower, purpose, industry and geographic region. We seek to use diversification within the loan portfolio to reduce credit risk, thereby minimizing the adverse impact on the portfolio, if weaknesses develop in either the economy or a particular segment of borrowers. Collateral requirements are based on credit assessments of borrowers and may be used to recover the debt in case of default. We use the allowance for credit losses as a method to value the loan portfolio at its estimated collectible amount. Loans are regularly reviewed to facilitate the identification and monitoring of deteriorating credits. 
 
 Consumer loans consist of credit card loans and other consumer loans. Consumer loans were 349.8 million at December 31, 2022, or 2.2 of total loans, compared to 355.4 million, or 3.0 of total loans at December 31, 2021. The decrease in consumer loans was primarily due to loan payoffs and pay downs during the year. The decline in the overall consumer loan balance was partially offset by the 9.9 million increase in our credit card portfolio at December 31, 2022 when compared to the same period in 2021. Our credit card portfolio has remained a stable source of lending for several years. 
 
 Real estate loans consist of construction and development C D loans, single family residential loans and other CRE loans. Real estate loans were 12.58 billion at December 31, 2022, or 77.9 of total loans, compared to 9.17 billion, or 76.3 of total loans at December 31, 2021, an increase of 3.41 billion, or 37.2 . Our C D loans increased by 1.24 billion, or 93.5 , single family residential loans increased by 444.1 million, or 21.1 , and CRE loans increased by 1.73 billion, or 30.1 . The increases were largely due to the Spirit acquisition noted above, coupled with strong organic loan growth, particularly in the latter half of 2022. In the near term, we expect to continue to manage our C D and CRE portfolio concentration by developing deeper relationships with our customers. 
 
 Commercial loans consist of non-real estate loans related to business and agricultural loans. Total commercial loans were 2.84 billion at December 31, 2022, or 17.6 of total loans, compared to 2.16 billion, or 18.0 of total loans at December 31, 2021, an increase of 677.2 million, or 31.3 , which was primarily due to the combined acquired and organic loan growth. The balance in our PPP loan portfolio was 8.9 million as of December 31, 2022, as compared to 116.7 million at December 31, 2021, with the decline due to the expected reimbursements from the SBA related to PPP loan forgiveness of both PPP Round 1 and Round 2 loans. 
 
 Other loans mainly consists of mortgage warehouse lending and municipal loans. Mortgage volume experienced a market driven decline throughout 2022 when compared to 2021, but was more than offset by the Spirit acquisition combined with organic growth, leading to an increase of 44.0 million in other loans. 
 
 Loan growth was widespread throughout our geographic markets and was generally broad-based by loan type and more than offset continued market-driven weakness in mortgage warehouse lending. We are seeing loan growth in our metro, community and corporate banking groups and continue to add new producers in these areas. Our loan pipeline consisting of all loan opportunities was 1.12 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 2.31 billion at December 31, 2021. The pipeline includes 270.5 million in loans approved and ready to close at the end of the year. 

45 

The balances of loans outstanding at the indicated dates are reflected in Table 7, according to type of loan. 
 
 Table 7: Loan Portfolio 
 Years Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Consumer: Credit cards 196,928 187,052 188,845 204,802 204,173 Other consumer 152,882 168,318 202,379 249,694 215,763 Total consumer 349,810 355,370 391,224 454,496 419,936 Real Estate: Construction and development 2,566,649 1,326,371 1,596,255 2,236,861 1,736,817 Single family residential 2,546,115 2,101,975 1,880,673 2,442,064 1,994,716 Other commercial 7,468,498 5,738,904 5,746,863 6,205,599 5,073,994 Total real estate 12,581,262 9,167,250 9,223,791 10,884,524 8,805,527 Commercial: Commercial 2,632,290 1,992,043 2,574,386 2,495,516 2,192,497 Agricultural 205,623 168,717 175,905 315,454 166,225 Total commercial 2,837,913 2,160,760 2,750,291 2,810,970 2,358,722 Other 373,139 329,123 535,591 275,714 139,081 Total loans before allowance for credit losses 16,142,124 12,012,503 12,900,897 14,425,704 11,723,266 
 
 Table 8 reflects the remaining maturities and interest rate sensitivity of loans at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Table 8: Maturity and Interest Rate Sensitivity of Loans 
 
 1 year Over 1 year through Over 5 years through Over (In thousands) or less 5 years 15 years 15 years Total Consumer 192,356 156,660 151 643 349,810 Real estate 3,537,918 7,429,863 1,549,870 63,611 12,581,262 Commercial 1,594,462 1,197,448 27,678 18,325 2,837,913 Other 131,990 105,167 115,110 20,872 373,139 Total 5,456,726 8,889,138 1,692,809 103,451 16,142,124 Predetermined rate Consumer 98,033 43,026 46 467 141,572 Real estate 1,663,605 4,856,742 903,434 41,569 7,465,350 Commercial 622,572 729,417 21,275 18,317 1,391,581 Other 36,381 103,107 112,544 20,492 272,524 Total 2,420,591 5,732,292 1,037,299 80,845 9,271,027 Floating rate Consumer 94,323 113,634 105 176 208,238 Real estate 1,874,313 2,573,121 646,436 22,042 5,115,912 Commercial 971,890 468,031 6,403 8 1,446,332 Other 95,609 2,060 2,566 380 100,615 Total 3,036,135 3,156,846 655,510 22,606 6,871,097 
 
 46 

Asset Quality 
 
 Non-performing loans are comprised of (a) nonaccrual loans, (b) loans that are contractually past due 90 days and (c) other loans for which terms have been restructured to provide a reduction or deferral of interest or principal, because of deterioration in the financial position of the borrower. Simmons Bank recognizes income principally on the accrual basis of accounting. When loans are classified as nonaccrual, generally, the accrued interest is charged off and no further interest is accrued. Loans, excluding credit card loans, are placed on a nonaccrual basis either: (1) when there are serious doubts regarding the collectibility of principal or interest, or (2) when payment of interest or principal is 90 days or more past due and either (i) not fully secured or (ii) not in the process of collection. If a loan is determined by management to be uncollectible, the portion of the loan determined to be uncollectible is then charged to the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 When credit card loans reach 90 days past due and there are attachable assets, the accounts are considered for litigation. Credit card loans are generally charged off when payment of interest or principal exceeds 150 days past due. The credit card recovery group pursues account holders until it is determined, on a case-by-case basis, to be uncollectible. 
 
 Total non-performing assets decreased 13.8 million from December 31, 2021 to December 31, 2022. Nonaccrual loans decreased by 9.8 million during 2022, in addition to a decrease in foreclosed assets held for sale of 3.1 million. The decrease in nonaccrual loans was primarily due to an overall improvement in economic conditions from pandemic related stresses. 
 
 Non-performing assets, including troubled debt restructurings TDRs and acquired foreclosed assets, as a percent of total assets were 0.23 at December 31, 2022 compared to 0.33 at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Total non-performing assets decreased by 67.6 million from December 31, 2020 to December 31, 2021. Nonaccrual loans decreased by 54.7 million during 2021, in addition to a decrease in foreclosed assets held for sale of 12.4 million. The decrease in nonaccrual loans was primarily due to an overall improvement in economic conditions while the decrease in foreclosed assets held for sale and other real estate owned is primarily the result of the disposition of one commercial building in the St. Louis area and the disposition of one piece of commercial land with net book values at the time of sale of 6.5 million and 2.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Total non-performing assets increased by 28.6 million from December 31, 2019 to December 31, 2020. Nonaccrual loans increased by 29.5 million during 2020, partially offset by a decrease in foreclosed assets held for sale of 728,000. The increase in nonaccrual loans during 2020 is primarily related to one energy loan totaling 22.0 million which moved to nonaccrual during the fourth quarter of 2020. The remaining increase was related to various other CRE loans and commercial loan relationships. 
 
 Total non-performing assets increased by 33.1 million from December 31, 2018 to December 31, 2019. Nonaccrual loans increased by 37.5 million during 2019, primarily commercial loans, partially offset by a decrease in foreclosed assets held for sale of 6.4 million. 
 
 From time to time, certain borrowers experience declines in income and cash flow. As a result, these borrowers seek to reduce contractual cash outlays, the most prominent being debt payments. In an effort to preserve our net interest margin and earning assets, we are open to working with existing customers in order to maximize the collectibility of the debt. 
 
 When we restructure a loan to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty and grant a concession that we would not otherwise consider, a troubled debt restructuring, or TDR, results and we classify the loan as a TDR. We grant various types of concessions, primarily interest rate reduction and/or payment modifications or extensions, with an occasional forgiveness of principal. 
 
 Once an obligation has been restructured because of such credit problems, it continues to be considered a TDR until paid in full; or, if an obligation yields a market interest rate and no longer has any concession regarding payment amount or amortization, then it is not considered a TDR at the beginning of the calendar year after the year in which the improvement takes place. Our TDR balance decreased to 3.5 million at December 31, 2022 compared to 6.9 million at December 31, 2021, and compared to 7.5 million at December 31, 2020. 
 
 TDRs are individually evaluated for expected credit losses. We assess the exposure for each modification, either by the fair value of the underlying collateral or the present value of expected cash flows, and determine if a specific allowance for credit losses is needed. 

47 

We return TDRs to accrual status only if (1) all contractual amounts due can reasonably be expected to be repaid within a prudent period, and (2) repayment has been in accordance with the contract for a sustained period, typically at least six months. 
 
 We continue to maintain good asset quality, compared to the industry, and strong asset quality remains a primary focus of our company. The allowance for credit losses as a percent of total loans was 1.22 as of December 31, 2022. Non-performing loans equaled 0.37 of total loans. Non-performing assets were 0.23 of total assets, an 8 basis point decrease from December 31, 2021. The allowance for credit losses was 334 of non-performing loans. Our annualized net charge-offs to total loans for 2022 was 0.09 . Excluding credit cards, the annualized net charge-offs to total loans for the same period was 0.07 . Annualized net credit card charge-offs to average total credit card loans were 1.49 , compared to 1.42 during 2021, and 45 basis points better than the most recently published industry average charge-off ratio as reported by the Federal Reserve for all banks. 
 
 We do not own any securities backed by subprime mortgage assets, and offer no mortgage loan products that target subprime borrowers. 
 
 Table 9 presents information concerning non-performing assets, including nonaccrual loans at amortized cost and foreclosed assets held for sale. 
 
 Table 9: Non-performing Assets 
 
 Years Ended December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Nonaccrual loans (1) 
 58,434 68,204 122,879 93,330 55,841 Loans past due 90 days or more (principal or interest payments) 507 349 578 856 226 Total non-performing loans 58,941 68,553 123,457 94,186 56,067 Other non-performing assets: Foreclosed assets held for sale and other real estate owned 2,887 6,032 18,393 19,121 25,565 Other non-performing assets 644 1,667 2,016 1,964 553 Total other non-performing assets 3,531 7,699 20,409 21,085 26,118 Total non-performing assets 62,472 76,252 143,866 115,271 82,185 Performing TDRs 1,849 4,289 3,138 5,887 7,436 Allowance for credit losses to non-performing loans 334 300 193 72 101 Non-performing loans to total loans 0.37 0.57 0.96 0.65 0.48 Non-performing assets (including performing TDRs) to total assets 0.23 0.33 0.66 0.57 0.54 Non-performing assets to total assets 0.23 0.31 0.64 0.54 0.50 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Includes nonaccrual TDRs of approximately 1.6 million, 2.7 million, 4.4 million, 1.6 million and 6.3 million at December 31, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019 and 2018, respectively. 
 
 There was no interest income on nonaccrual loans recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is a reserve established through a provision for credit losses charged to expense which represents management s best estimate of lifetime expected losses based on reasonable and supportable forecasts, historical loss experience, and other qualitative considerations. 
 
 Loans with similar risk characteristics such as loan type, collateral type, and internal risk ratings are aggregated into homogeneous segments for assessment. Reserve factors are based on estimated probability of default and loss given default for each segment. The estimates are determined based on economic forecasts over the reasonable and supportable forecast period based on projected performance of economic variables that have a statistical correlation with the historical loss experience of the segments. For contractual periods that extend beyond the one-year forecast period, the estimates revert to average historical loss experiences over a one-year period on a straight-line basis. 
 
 48 

We also include qualitative adjustments to the allowance based on factors and considerations that have not otherwise been fully accounted for. Qualitative adjustments include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Changes in asset quality - Adjustments related to trending credit quality metrics including delinquency, nonperforming loans, charge-offs, and risk ratings that may not be fully accounted for in the reserve factor. 
 Changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio - Adjustments related to current changes in the loan portfolio that are not fully represented or accounted for in the reserve factors. 
 Changes in lending and loan monitoring policies and procedures - Adjustments related to current changes in lending and loan monitoring procedures as well as review of specific internal policy compliance metrics. 
 Changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and other relevant staff - Adjustments to measure increasing or decreasing credit risk related to lending and loan monitoring management. 
 Changes in the value of underlying collateral of collateralized loans - Adjustments related to improving or deterioration of the value of underlying collateral that are not fully captured in the reserve factors. 
 Changes in and the existence and effect of any concentrations of credit - Adjustments related to credit risk of specific industries that are not fully captured in the reserve factors. 
 Changes in regional and local economic and business conditions and developments - Adjustments related to expected and current economic conditions at a regional or local-level that are not fully captured within our reasonable and supportable forecast. 
 Data imprecisions due to limited historical loss data - Adjustments related to limited historical loss data that is representative of the collective loan portfolio. 
 
 Loans that do not share similar risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. These evaluations are typically performed on loans with a deteriorated internal risk rating or that are classified as a TDR. The allowance for credit loss is determined based on several methods including estimating the fair value of the underlying collateral or the present value of expected cash flows. 
 
 Additional information related to net charge-offs is shown in Table 10. 
 
 Table 10: Ratio of Net Charge-offs to Average Loans 
 
 (Dollars in thousands) Net Charge-offs Average Loans Ratio of Net Charge-offs to Average Loans 2022 Credit cards (2,838) 190,119 (1.49) Other consumer (679) 177,420 (0.38) Real estate 2,794 11,157,499 0.03 Commercial (11,897) 2,557,060 (0.47) Other 337,665 Total (12,620) 14,419,763 (0.09) 2021 Credit cards (2,577) 180,975 (1.42) Other consumer (649) 181,573 (0.36) Real estate (5,781) 8,678,137 (0.07) Commercial (5,953) 2,363,701 (0.25) Other 406,094 Total (14,960) 11,810,480 (0.13) 

49 

Allowance for Credit Losses Allocation 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the allowance for credit losses reflected a decrease of approximately 8.4 million from December 31, 2021, while loans increased 4.13 billion over the same period. The allocation in each category within the allowance generally reflects the overall changes in the loan portfolio mix. 
 
 The decrease in the allowance for credit losses during 2022 was predominantly due to improved credit quality metrics and improved macroeconomic factors, coupled with the planned exit of several large oil and gas relationships during the year, which historically required higher allowance levels than most other categories of the loan portfolio. Additionally, there was a reduction of pandemic-era qualitative factors that were established based on unidentifiable risks with borrowers in at-risk industries. The decrease was partially offset due to the Spirit acquisition, which provided 2.29 billion in total loans after purchase accounting discounts. Our allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2022 was considered appropriate given the current economic environment and other related factors. 
 
 The following table sets forth the sum of the amounts of the allowance for credit losses attributable to individual loans within each category, or loan categories in general. The table also reflects the percentage of loans in each category to the total loan portfolio for each of the periods indicated. The allowance for credit losses by loan category is determined by i) our estimated reserve factors by category including applicable qualitative adjustments and ii) any specific allowance allocations that are identified on individually evaluated loans. The amounts shown are not necessarily indicative of the actual future losses that may occur within individual categories. 
 
 Table 11: Allocation of Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 (Dollars in thousands) Allowance Amount of loans (1) 
 Allowance Amount of loans (1) 
 Allowance Amount of loans (1) 
 Allowance Amount of loans (1) 
 Allowance Amount of loans (1) 
 Credit cards 5,140 1.2 3,987 1.6 7,472 1.4 4,051 1.4 3,923 1.7 Other consumer 2,187 0.9 2,676 1.4 4,100 1.6 1,998 1.7 2,380 1.9 Real estate 150,795 78.0 179,270 76.3 182,868 71.5 39,161 75.5 29,838 75.1 Commercial 34,406 17.6 17,458 18.0 42,093 21.3 22,863 19.5 20,514 20.1 Other 4,427 2.3 1,941 2.7 1,517 4.2 171 1.9 39 1.2 Total 196,955 100.0 205,332 100.0 238,050 100.0 68,244 100.0 56,694 100.0 Allowance for credit losses to period-end loans 1.22 1.71 1.85 0.47 0.48 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Percentage of loans in each category to total loans. 

Investments and Securities 
 
 Our securities portfolio is the second largest component of earning assets and provides a significant source of revenue. Securities within the portfolio are classified as either held-to-maturity HTM or available-for-sale AFS ). 
 
 HTM securities, which include any security for which we have the positive intent and ability to hold until maturity, are carried at historical cost adjusted for amortization of premiums and accretion of discounts. Premiums and discounts are amortized and accreted, respectively, to interest income using the constant effective yield method over the security s estimated life. Prepayments are anticipated for mortgage-backed and SBA securities. Premiums on callable securities are amortized to their earliest call date. 
 
 AFS securities, which include any security for which we have no immediate plan to sell but which may be sold in the future, are carried at fair value. Realized gains and losses, based on specifically identified amortized cost of the individual security, are included in other income. Unrealized gains and losses are recorded, net of related income tax effects, in stockholders equity. Premiums and discounts are amortized and accreted, respectively, to interest income using the constant effective yield 
 
 50 

method over the estimated life of the security. Prepayments are anticipated for mortgage-backed and SBA securities. Premiums on callable securities are amortized to their earliest call date. 
 
 Our philosophy regarding investments is conservative based on investment type and maturity. Investments in the portfolio primarily include U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Government agencies, mortgage-backed securities and municipal securities. Our general policy is not to invest in derivative type investments or high-risk securities, except for collateralized mortgage-backed securities for which collection of principal and interest is not subordinated to significant superior rights held by others. 
 
 HTM and AFS investment securities were 3.76 billion and 3.85 billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022, compared to the HTM amount of 1.53 billion and AFS amount of 7.11 billion at December 31, 2021. We will continue to look for opportunities to maximize the value of the investment portfolio. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, 634.5 million, or 8.3 , of our total portfolio was invested in obligations of U.S. government agencies and U.S. Treasury securities, 0.1 of which will mature in one year or less. 
 
 Our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2022 also included 2.73 billion, or 35.9 , of tax-exempt obligations of state and political subdivisions. A portion of the state and political subdivision debt obligations are rated bonds, primarily issued in states in which we are located, and are evaluated on an ongoing basis. In an effort to balance our interest risk profile, we have continued to increase our asset allocation in the tax-exempt securities portfolio due to the acceleration of pre-payment speeds for mortgage-backed securities. We continue to invest in high credit tax-exempt securities with a weighted average rating of AA. There are no securities of any one state or political subdivision issuer exceeding ten percent of our stockholders equity at December 31, 2022. 
 
 We had approximately 3.73 billion, or 49.0 , of our total portfolio invested in mortgaged-backed securities at December 31, 2022. These mortgage-backed securities were issued by agencies of the U.S. government. 
 
 During the quarters ended June 30, 2022 and September 30, 2021, we transferred, at fair value, 1.99 billion and 500.8 million, respectively, of securities from the available-for-sale portfolio to the held-to-maturity portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the related remaining net unrealized losses of 147.0 million and net unrealized gains of 690,000, respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities. No gains or losses on these securities were recognized at the time of transfer. 
 
 Additionally, during the third quarter of 2021, we began utilizing interest rate swaps designated as fair value hedges to mitigate the effect of changing interest rates on the fair values of 1.0 billion of fixed rate callable municipal securities held in the AFS portfolio. These swap agreements consist of a two year forward start date and involve the payment of fixed interest rates with a weighted average of 1.21 in exchange for variable interest rates based on federal funds rates beginning in the third quarter of 2023. Securities within these swap agreements have maturity dates varying between 2028 and 2029. 
 
 The adoption of ASU 2016-13 at the beginning of 2020 required us to replace the existing impairment models for financial assets, which includes investment securities. Under this model, an estimate of expected credit losses that represents all contractual cash flows that is deemed uncollectible over the contractual life of the financial asset must be recorded. Based upon our analysis of the underlying risk characteristics of the AFS portfolio, including credit ratings and other qualitative factors, no allowance for credit losses related to AFS securities was deemed necessary at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our allowance for credit losses related to HTM securities was 1.4 million and 1.3 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 An allowance for credit losses related to mortgage-backed securities and U.S. government agencies was not recorded as of December 31, 2022 due to those securities being explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major rating agencies and have a long history of no credit losses. See Note 3, Investment Securities , in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information related to our allowance for credit losses on investment securities held. 
 
 We had 46,000 of gross realized gains and 324,000 of gross realized losses from the call of securities during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 15.9 million of gross realized gains and 422,000 of gross realized losses from the sale of securities during the year ended December 31, 2021. No securities were sold during 2022, while we sold approximately 342.6 million of investment securities during 2021. Securities sold during 2021 were part of a strategic plan to realize gains on securities with projected calls within the short-term period. The decrease in net gains on the call of securities in 2022 as compared to 2021 reflects the rising interest rate environment experienced during the current year as compared to 2021. 

51 

We have the ability and intent to hold the securities classified as HTM until they mature, at which time we expect to receive full value for the securities. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost bases of the investments. Furthermore, as of December 31, 2022, we also had the ability and intent to hold the securities classified as AFS for a period of time sufficient for a recovery of cost. The unrealized losses are largely due to increases in market interest rates over the yields available at the time the underlying securities were purchased. The fair value is expected to recover as the bonds approach their maturity date or repricing date or if market yields for such investments decline. We do not believe any of the securities are impaired due to reasons of credit quality. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, we believe the declines in fair value detailed in the table below are temporary. 
 
 Table 12 presents the amortized cost, fair value and allowance for credit losses on investment securities for each of the years indicated. 
 
 Table 12: Investment Securities 
 
 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Net Carrying Amount Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized (Losses) Estimated Fair Value Held-to-maturity December 31, 2022 U.S. Government agencies 448,012 448,012 (102,558) 345,454 Mortgage-backed securities 1,190,781 1,190,781 227 (118,960) 1,072,048 State and political subdivisions 1,861,102 (110) 1,860,992 56 (446,198) 1,414,850 Other securities 261,199 (1,278) 259,921 (29,040) 230,881 Total HTM 3,761,094 (1,388) 3,759,706 283 (696,756) 3,063,233 December 31, 2021 U.S. Government agencies 232,609 232,609 (7,914) 224,695 Mortgage-backed securities 70,342 70,342 232 (1,425) 69,149 State and political subdivisions 1,210,248 (1,197) 1,209,051 6,166 (8,462) 1,206,755 Other securities 17,301 (82) 17,219 (440) 16,779 Total HTM 1,530,500 (1,279) 1,529,221 6,398 (18,241) 1,517,378 
 
 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Allowance for Credit Losses Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized (Losses) Estimated Fair Value Available-for-sale December 31, 2022 U.S. Treasury 2,257 (60) 2,197 U.S. Government agencies 191,498 103 (7,322) 184,279 Mortgage-backed securities 2,809,319 20 (266,437) 2,542,902 State and political subdivisions 1,056,124 250 (185,300) 871,074 Other securities 272,215 (19,813) 252,402 Total AFS 4,331,413 373 (478,932) 3,852,854 December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury 300 300 U.S. Government agencies 374,754 495 (10,608) 364,641 Mortgage-backed securities 4,485,548 6,307 (43,239) 4,448,616 State and political subdivisions 1,791,097 30,556 (1,995) 1,819,658 Other securities 479,162 6,647 (5,479) 480,330 Total AFS 7,130,861 44,005 (61,321) 7,113,545 

52 

Table 13 reflects the amortized cost and estimated fair value of securities at December 31, 2022, by contractual maturity and the weighted average yields (for tax-exempt obligations on a fully taxable equivalent basis, assuming a 26.135 tax rate) of such securities. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations, with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 Table 13: Maturity Distribution of Investment Securities 
 
 December 31, 2022 Over Over 1 year 5 years Total 1 year through through Over No fixed Amortized Par Fair (In thousands) or less 5 years 10 years 10 years maturity Cost Value Value Held-to-Maturity U.S. Government agencies 79,181 368,831 448,012 480,246 345,454 Mortgage-backed securities 1,190,781 1,190,781 1,254,601 1,072,048 State and political subdivisions 2,639 5,700 16,711 1,836,052 1,861,102 1,873,508 1,414,850 Other securities 2,122 256,558 2,519 261,199 274,878 230,881 Total 2,639 7,822 352,450 2,207,402 1,190,781 3,761,094 3,883,233 3,063,233 Percentage of total 0.1 0.2 9.4 58.6 31.7 100.0 Weighted average yield 3.2 3.7 3.4 2.5 3.0 2.7 Available-for-Sale U.S. Treasury 2,257 2,257 2,300 2,197 U.S. Government agencies 9,622 94,168 40,597 47,111 191,498 189,650 184,279 Mortgage-backed securities 2,809,319 2,809,319 2,753,345 2,542,902 State and political subdivisions 2,746 14,496 19,702 1,019,180 1,056,124 1,107,594 871,074 Other securities 73,603 198,152 460 272,215 271,827 252,402 Total 12,368 184,524 258,451 1,066,291 2,809,779 4,331,413 4,324,716 3,852,854 Percentage of total 0.3 4.3 6.0 24.5 64.9 100.0 Weighted average yield 2.5 2.7 3.9 2.3 2.3 2.5 

Deposits 
 
 Deposits are our primary source of funding for earning assets and are primarily developed through our network of approximately 230 financial centers. We offer a variety of products designed to attract and retain customers with a continuing focus on developing core deposits. Our core deposits consist of all deposits excluding time deposits of more than 250,000 and brokered deposits. As of December 31, 2022, core deposits comprised 83.0 of our total deposits. 
 
 We continually monitor the funding requirements along with competitive interest rates in the markets we serve. Because of our community banking philosophy, our executives in the local markets, with oversight by the Chief Deposit Officer, Asset Liability Committee and the Bank s Treasury Department, establish the interest rates offered on both core and non-core deposits. This approach ensures that the interest rates being paid are competitively priced for each particular deposit product and structured to meet the funding requirements. We believe we are paying a competitive rate when compared with pricing in those markets. 

53 

We manage our interest expense through deposit pricing. We believe that additional funds can be attracted and deposit growth can be accelerated through deposit pricing if we experience increased loan demand or other liquidity needs. We can also utilize brokered deposits as an additional source of funding to meet liquidity needs. We are continually monitoring and looking for opportunities to fairly reprice our deposits while remaining competitive in this current challenging rate environment. 
 
 Our total deposits as of December 31, 2022, were 22.55 billion, an increase of 3.18 billion from December 31, 2021, primarily driven by the acquisition of Spirit, which contributed 2.72 billion, net of fair value adjustments, to this increase. Noninterest bearing transaction accounts, interest bearing transaction accounts and savings accounts totaled 17.78 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 16.91 billion at December 31, 2021, an 865.4 million increase. Total time deposits increased 2.32 billion to 4.77 billion at December 31, 2022, from 2.45 billion at December 31, 2021. We had 2.75 billion and 466.0 million of brokered deposits at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Our uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 7.27 billion and 7.48 billion, respectively. 
 
 We made the strategic decision during the fourth quarter 2022 to extend the duration of select wholesale deposits to complement our core deposit base and, due to advantageous rates, added brokered certificates of deposit with maturities of 6-12 months. Additionally, we are continuing to hone our product offerings to give customers flexibility of choice while maintaining the ability to adjust interest rates timely in the current rate environment. 
 
 Table 14 reflects the classification of the average deposits and the average rate paid on each deposit category which is in excess of 10 percent of average total deposits for the three years ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Table 14: Average Deposit Balances and Rates 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (In thousands) Average Amount Average Rate Paid Average Amount Average Rate Paid Average Amount Average Rate Paid Noninterest bearing transaction accounts 5,827,160 4,836,839 4,225,618 Interest bearing transaction and savings deposits 
 12,253,164 0.51 10,638,665 0.18 9,128,936 0.42 Time deposits 3,094,747 1.16 2,804,851 0.77 3,006,768 1.38 Total 21,175,071 0.47 18,280,355 0.23 16,361,322 0.49 
 
 Our maturities of time deposits not covered by deposit insurance at December 31, 2022 are presented in Table 15. 
 
 Table 15: Maturities of Time Deposits Not Covered by Deposit Insurance 
 December 31, 2022 (In thousands) Balance Percent Maturing Three months or less 341,081 48.0 Over 3 months to 6 months 139,565 19.6 Over 6 months to 12 months 167,670 23.6 Over 12 months 62,633 8.8 Total 710,949 100.0 

54 

Federal Funds Purchased and Securities Sold Under Agreements to Repurchase 
 
 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase were 160.4 million at December 31, 2022, as compared to 185.4 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 We have historically funded our growth in earning assets through the use of core deposits, large certificates of deposits from local markets, reciprocal brokered deposits, FHLB borrowings and Federal funds purchased. Management anticipates that these sources will provide necessary funding in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Other Borrowings and Subordinated Debentures 
 
 Our total debt was 1.23 billion and 1.72 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The outstanding balance for December 31, 2022 includes 835.0 million in FHLB short-term advances; 366.0 million in subordinated notes and unamortized debt issuance costs; and 20.8 million of other long-term debt. 
 
 All of the FHLB short-term advances outstanding at December 31, 2022 are FHLB Owns the Option FOTO advances which are a low cost, fixed-rate source of funding in return for granting to FHLB the flexibility to choose a termination date earlier than the maturity date. 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2020, we reclassified the FOTO advances as long-term advances due to the low interest rate environment and the expectation that FHLB will not exercise the option to terminate the FOTO advances prior to the stated maturity date. We classified the FOTO advances as long-term throughout 2021, during the continued low interest rate environment. As interest rates increased during 2022, we began classifying the outstanding FOTO advances as short-term with the expectation that the FHLB could terminate the FOTO advances prior to maturity, as current market rates exceeded the outstanding FOTO advance rates. 
 
 We continually analyze the possibility of the FHLB exercising the options along with the market expected rate outcome. We also held typical FHLB short-term advances, with original maturities of less than one year, at various times during 2022, as well as in previous years. At December 31, 2022, we had 785.0 million of FHLB advances outstanding with original or expected maturities of one year or less. 
 
 A summary of information related to our FHLB short-term advances, including FOTO advances, is presented in Table 16. 
 
 Table 16: Short-Term Borrowings 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Amount outstanding at year-end 835,000 Weighted-average interest rate at year-end 4.20 Maximum amount outstanding at any month-end during the year 1,300,000 1,350,000 Average amount outstanding during the year 1,124,314 1,094,808 Weighted-average interest rate for the year 2.08 1.69 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, we redeemed the five issuances of trust preferred securities which had an outstanding aggregate principal amount of 56.2 million. We recorded a loss of 365,000 related to the early retirement of debt, which represented the unamortized purchase discounts associated with the previously acquired trust preferred securities. 
 
 In March 2018, we issued 330.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.00 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Notes at a public offering price equal to 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. We incurred 3.6 million in debt issuance costs related to the offering. The Notes will mature on April 1, 2028 and will be subordinated in right of payment to the payment of our other existing and future senior indebtedness, including all our general creditors. The Notes are obligations of the Company only and are not obligations of, and are not guaranteed by, any of its subsidiaries. 

55 

We assumed Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes in an aggregate principal amount, net of premium adjustments, of 37.4 million in connection with the Spirit acquisition in April 2022 (the Spirit Notes ). The Spirit Notes will mature on July 31, 2030, and initially bear interest at a fixed annual rate of 6.00 , payable quarterly, in arrears, to, but excluding, July 31, 2025. From and including July 31, 2025, to, but excluding, the maturity date or earlier redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be the then-current three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate, as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (provided, that in the event the benchmark rate is less than zero, the benchmark rate will be deemed to be zero) plus 592 basis points, payable quarterly, in arrears. 
 
 Aggregate annual maturities of debt at December 31, 2022 are presented in Table 17. 
 
 Table 17: Maturities of Debt 
 Annual Maturities Year (In thousands) 2023 1,768 2024 1,822 2025 1,822 2026 1,824 2027 1,920 Thereafter 381,129 Total 390,285 

Capital 
 
 Overview 
 
 At December 31, 2022, total capital was 3.27 billion. Capital represents shareholder ownership in the Company the book value of assets in excess of liabilities. At December 31, 2022, our common equity to asset ratio was 11.91 compared to 13.14 at year-end 2021. 
 
 Capital Stock 
 
 On February 27, 2009, at a special meeting, our shareholders approved an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to establish 40,040,000 authorized shares of preferred stock, 0.01 par value. On April 27, 2022, our shareholders approved an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation to remove an 80.0 million cap on the aggregate liquidation preference associated with the preferred stock. 
 
 On October 29, 2019, we filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation October Amended Articles with the Arkansas Secretary of State. The October Amended Articles classified and designated Series D Preferred Stock, Par Value 0.01 Per Share, out of our authorized preferred stock. On November 30, 2021, we redeemed all of the Series D Preferred Stock, including accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 
 On March 31, 2021, we filed a shelf registration with the SEC. The shelf registration statement provides increased flexibility and more efficient access to raise capital from time to time through the sale of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depository shares, warrants, purchase contracts, purchase units, subscription rights, units or a combination thereof, subject to market conditions. Specific terms and prices are determined at the time of any offering under a separate prospectus supplement that we are required to file with the SEC at the time of the specific offering. 
 
 On April 27, 2022, our shareholders approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of our Class A common stock from 175,000,000 to 350,000,000. 

56 

Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On October 22, 2019, we announced a stock repurchase program (the 2019 Program under which we could repurchase up to 60.0 million of our Class A Common Stock currently issued and outstanding. On March 5, 2020, we announced an amendment to the 2019 Program that increased the maximum amount that could be repurchased under the 2019 Program from 60.0 million to 180.0 million. Effective July 23, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved another amendment to the 2019 Program that increased the amount of the Company s Class A common stock that may be repurchased from a maximum of 180.0 million to a maximum of 276.5 million and extended the term of the 2019 Program from October 31, 2021, to October 31, 2022. 
 
 During January 2022, we substantially exhausted the remaining capacity under the 2019 Program, and our Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program (the 2022 Program under which we may repurchase up to 175.0 million of our Class A Common Stock currently issued and outstanding. The 2022 Program replaced the 2019 Program. The 2022 Program will terminate on January 31, 2024 (unless terminated sooner). 
 
 During 2022, we repurchased 513,725 shares at an average price of 31.25 per share under the 2019 Program and 3,919,037 shares at an average price of 24.26 per share under the 2022 Program, respectively. The 2022 Program repurchases were all completed during the second and third quarters of 2022. We repurchased 4,562,469 shares at an average price of 29.03 per share under the 2019 Program during 2021. 
 
 Under the 2022 Program, we may repurchase shares of our common stock through open market and privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing, pricing, and amount of any repurchases under the 2022 Program will be determined by management at its discretion based on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, trading volume and market price of our common stock, corporate considerations, our working capital and investment requirements, general market and economic conditions, and legal requirements. The 2022 Program does not obligate us to repurchase any common stock and may be modified, discontinued, or suspended at any time without prior notice. We anticipate funding for the 2022 Program to come from available sources of liquidity, including cash on hand and future cash flow. 
 
 Cash Dividends 
 
 We declared cash dividends on our common stock of 0.76 per share for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, compared to 0.72 per share for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 0.04, or 6 . The timing and amount of future dividends are at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our consolidated earnings, financial condition, liquidity and capital requirements, the amount of cash dividends paid to us by our subsidiaries, applicable government regulations and policies and other factors considered relevant by our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors anticipates that we will continue to pay quarterly dividends in amounts determined based on the factors discussed above. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends on our common stock at the current levels or at all. 
 
 Parent Company Liquidity 
 
 The primary liquidity needs of Simmons First National Corporation (the Parent Company) are the payment of dividends to shareholders, the funding of debt obligations and cash needs for acquisitions. The primary sources for meeting these liquidity needs are the current cash on hand at the parent company and the future dividends received from Simmons Bank. Payment of dividends by Simmons Bank is subject to various regulatory limitations. The Company continually assesses its capital and liquidity needs and the best way to meet them, including, without limitation, through capital raising in the market via stock or debt offerings. See Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk , for additional information regarding the parent company s liquidity, which is incorporated herein by reference. The redemption of our trust preferred securities during the third quarter of 2022 did not have a meaningful impact on the Parent Company s liquidity. 
 
 Risk-Based Capital 
 
 The Company and Simmons Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Our capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 

57 

Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require us to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total, Tier 1 and common equity Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). Management believes that, as of December 31, 2022, we met all capital adequacy requirements to which we are subject. 
 
 As of the most recent notification from regulatory agencies, Simmons Bank was well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Company and Simmons Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, common equity Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the bank s categories. 
 
 Our risk-based capital ratios at December 31, 2022 and 2021 are presented in Table 18 below: 
 
 Table 18: Risk-Based Capital 
 December 31, (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 Tier 1 capital: Stockholders equity 3,269,362 3,248,841 CECL transition provision 92,619 114,458 Goodwill and other intangible assets (1,412,667) (1,226,686) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities, net of income taxes 517,560 10,545 Total Tier 1 capital 2,466,874 2,147,158 Tier 2 capital: Trust preferred securities and subordinated debt 365,989 384,131 Qualifying allowance for credit losses and reserve for unfunded commitments 115,627 71,853 Total Tier 2 capital 481,616 455,984 Total risk-based capital 2,948,490 2,603,142 Risk weighted assets 20,738,727 15,538,967 Assets for leverage ratio 26,407,061 23,647,901 Ratios at end of year: Common equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1) 11.90 13.82 Tier 1 leverage ratio 9.34 9.08 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 11.90 13.82 Total risk-based capital ratio 14.22 16.75 Minimum guidelines: Common equity Tier 1 ratio (CET1) 4.50 4.50 Tier 1 leverage ratio 4.00 4.00 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 6.00 6.00 Total risk-based capital ratio 8.00 8.00 
 
 Regulatory Capital Changes 
 
 In December 2018, the Federal Reserve, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC (collectively, the agencies issued a final rule revising regulatory capital rules in anticipation of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 that provided an option to phase in over a three year period on a straight line basis the day-one impact of the adoption on earnings and Tier 1 capital (the CECL Transition Provision ). 

58 

In March 2020, in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the agencies issued a new regulatory capital rule revising the CECL Transition Provision to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from the implementation of ASU 2016-13. The rule provides banking organizations that implement CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (the 2020 CECL Transition Provision ). The Company elected to apply the 2020 CECL Transition Provision. 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules define the components of capital and address other issues affecting the numerator in banking institutions regulatory capital ratios. The rules also address risk weights and other issues affecting the denominator in banking institutions regulatory capital ratios with a more risk-sensitive approach. The Basel III Capital Rules established risk-weighting categories depending on the nature of the assets, generally ranging from 0 for U.S. government and agency securities, to 600 for certain equity exposures. 
 
 The final rules included a new common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets ratio of 4.5 and a common equity Tier 1 capital conservation buffer of 2.5 of risk-weighted assets. The rules also raised the minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets to 6.0 and require a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 . 
 
 Prior to December 31, 2017, Tier 1 capital included common equity Tier 1 capital and certain additional Tier 1 items as provided under the Basel III Capital Rules. The Tier 1 capital for the Company consisted of common equity Tier 1 capital and trust preferred securities. The Basel III Capital Rules include certain provisions that require trust preferred securities to be phased out of qualifying Tier 1 capital when assets surpass 15 billion. As of December 31, 2017, the Company exceeded 15 billion in total assets and the grandfather provisions applicable to its trust preferred securities no longer apply and trust preferred securities are no longer included as Tier 1 capital. All of the Company s trust preferred securities were redeemed during the third quarter of 2022. Qualifying subordinated debt of 366.0 million is included as Tier 2 and total capital as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 In the normal course of business we have entered into a number of contractual obligations and have made commitments to make future payments. Refer to the accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements elsewhere in this report for the expected timing of such payments as of December 31, 2022. Examples of these commitments include but are not limited to long-term debt financing (Note 12, Other Borrowings and Subordinated Debentures), operating lease obligations (Note, 6, Right-of-Use Lease Assets and Lease Liabilities), time deposits with stated maturity dates (Note 9, Time Deposits), and unfunded loan commitments and letters of credit (Note 19, Commitments and Credit Risk). 

GAAP Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 The tables below present computations of adjusted earnings (net income excluding certain items {gain on sale of branches, early retirement program costs, loss from early retirement of TruPS, gain on sale of intellectual property, gain on insurance settlement, donation to Simmons First Foundation, merger related costs, net branch right sizing costs, and the Day 2 CECL Provision}) (non-GAAP) and adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) as well as a computation of tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP), tangible common equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP), adjusted noninterest income (non-GAAP), and adjusted noninterest expense (non-GAAP). Adjusted items are included in financial results presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (US GAAP). 
 
 We believe the exclusion of these certain items in expressing earnings and certain other financial measures, including adjusted earnings, provides a meaningful basis for period-to-period and company-to-company comparisons, which management believes will assist investors and analysts in analyzing the adjusted financial measures of the Company and predicting future performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are also used by management to assess the performance of the Company s business because management does not consider these certain items to be relevant to ongoing financial performance. Management and the Board of Directors utilize adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) for the following purposes: 
 
 Preparation of the Company s operating budgets 
 Monthly financial performance reporting 
 Monthly flash reporting of consolidated results (management only) 
 Investor presentations of Company performance 

59 

We believe the presentation of adjusted earnings on a diluted per share basis (non-GAAP) provides a meaningful basis for period-to-period and company-to-company comparisons, which management believes will assist investors and analysts in analyzing the adjusted financial measures of the Company and predicting future performance. These non-GAAP financial measures are also used by management to assess the performance of the Company s business, because management does not consider these certain items to be relevant to ongoing financial performance on a per share basis. Management and the Board of Directors utilize adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) for the following purposes: 
 
 Calculation of annual performance-based incentives for certain executives 
 Calculation of long-term performance-based incentives for certain executives 
 Investor presentations of Company performance 

We have 1.45 billion and 1.25 billion total goodwill and other intangible assets for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Because our acquisition strategy has resulted in a high level of intangible assets, management believes useful calculations include tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) and tangible common equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP). 
 
 We believe that presenting these non-GAAP financial measures will permit investors and analysts to assess the performance of the Company on the same basis as that is applied by management and the Board of Directors. 
 
 Non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied and are not audited. To mitigate these limitations, we have procedures in place to identify and approve each item that qualifies as adjusted to ensure that the Company s adjusted results are properly reflected for period-to-period comparisons. Although these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by stakeholders in the evaluation of a company, they have limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analyses of results as reported under GAAP. In particular, a measure of earnings that excludes certain items does not represent the amount that effectively accrues directly to stockholders (i.e., certain items are included in earnings and stockholders equity). Additionally, similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies may not be computed in the same or similar fashion. 
 
 During 2022, adjusted items primarily consisted of 33.8 million of Day 2 provision expense required for loans and unfunded commitments related to the Spirit acquisition, merger-related costs of 22.5 million, primarily related to the Spirit acquisitions, and net branch right sizing costs of 3.6 million, mainly due to branch closures across our footprint during the year. Additionally, we had a gain on insurance settlement of 4.1 million related to a weather event that caused severe damage to one of our branch locations. The net after-tax impact of all adjusted items was 42.2 million, or 0.34 per diluted earnings per share. 
 
 During 2021, adjusted items consisted of 22.7 million of Day 2 provision expense required for loans related to the Landmark and Triumph acquisitions, 15.9 million of merger-related costs, related to the Landmark and Triumph acquisitions and net branch right sizing gains of 0.9 million, primarily due to branch closures across our footprint during the year. Additionally, we had total gains on sale of branches of 5.3 million due to the Illinois Branch Sale. The net after-tax impact of these items was 23.9 million, or 0.22 per diluted earnings per share. 
 
 During 2020, adjusted items consisted of 4.5 million of merger-related costs related to the Landrum and Reliance acquisitions, and 2.9 million in early retirement program expenses. We also had adjusted net branch right sizing costs of 13.7 million, primarily due to branch closures across our footprint during the year. Additionally, we had total gains on sale of branches of 8.4 million mostly due to the gains on sale from the Texas Branch Sale and Colorado Branch Sale. The net after-tax impact of these items was 9.4 million, or 0.09 per diluted earnings per share. 

60 

See Table 19 below for the reconciliation of adjusted earnings, which exclude certain items for the periods presented. 
 
 Table 19: Reconciliation of Adjusted Earnings (non-GAAP) 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Net income available to common stockholders 256,412 271,109 254,852 Certain items: Gain on sale of branches (5,316) (8,368) Loss from early retirement of TruPS 365 Gain on sale of intellectual property (750) Gain on insurance settlement (4,074) Donation to Simmons First Foundation 1,738 Merger related costs 22,476 15,911 4,531 Early retirement program 2,901 Branch right sizing, net 3,628 (906) 13,727 Day 2 CECL Provision 33,779 22,688 Tax effect (1) 
 (14,939) (8,462) (3,343) Certain items, net of tax 42,223 23,915 9,448 Adjusted earnings (non-GAAP) 298,635 295,024 264,300 Diluted earnings per share 2.06 2.46 2.31 Certain items: Gain on sale of branches (0.05) (0.07) Loss from early retirement of TruPS Gain on sale of intellectual property (0.01) Gain on insurance settlement (0.03) Donation to Simmons First Foundation 0.01 Merger related costs 0.18 0.15 0.04 Early retirement program 0.03 Branch right sizing, net 0.03 (0.01) 0.12 Day 2 CECL Provision 0.28 0.21 Tax effect (1) 
 (0.12) (0.08) (0.03) Certain items, net of tax 0.34 0.22 0.09 Adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) 2.40 2.68 2.40 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Effective tax rate of 26.135 . 

61 

See Table 20 below for the reconciliation of adjusted noninterest income and adjusted noninterest expense for the periods presented. 
 
 Table 20: Reconciliation of Adjusted Noninterest Income and Adjusted Noninterest Expense (non-GAAP) 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Noninterest income 170,066 191,815 239,769 Certain items: Gain on sale of branches (5,316) (8,368) Gain on insurance settlement (4,074) Loss from early retirement of TruPS 365 Gain on sale of intellectual property (750) Branch right sizing 153 (369) (370) Total certain items (4,306) (5,685) (8,738) Adjusted noninterest income (non-GAAP) 165,760 186,130 231,031 Noninterest expense 566,748 483,589 484,736 Certain items: Merger related costs (22,476) (15,911) (4,531) Donation to Simmons First Foundation (1,738) Early retirement program (2,901) Branch right sizing (3,475) 537 (14,097) Total certain items (27,689) (15,374) (21,529) Adjusted noninterest expense (non-GAAP) 539,059 468,215 463,207 
 
 See Table 21 below for the reconciliation of tangible book value per common share. 
 
 Table 21: Reconciliation of Tangible Book Value per Common Share (non-GAAP) 
 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 Total equity 3,269,362 3,248,841 2,976,656 Preferred stock (767) Total common equity 3,269,362 3,248,841 2,975,889 Intangible assets: Goodwill (1,319,598) (1,146,007) (1,075,305) Other intangible assets (128,951) (106,235) (111,110) Total intangibles (1,448,549) (1,252,242) (1,186,415) Tangible common equity 1,820,813 1,996,599 1,789,474 Shares of common stock outstanding 127,046,654 112,715,444 108,077,662 Book value per common share 25.73 28.82 27.53 Tangible book value per common share (non-GAAP) 14.33 17.71 16.56 

62 

See Table 22 below for the calculation of tangible common equity and the reconciliation of tangible common equity to tangible assets. 
 
 Table 22: Reconciliation of Tangible Common Equity and the Ratio of Tangible Common Equity to Tangible Assets (non-GAAP) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 2022 2021 2020 Total common equity 3,269,362 3,248,841 2,975,889 Intangible assets: Goodwill (1,319,598) (1,146,007) (1,075,305) Other intangible assets (128,951) (106,235) (111,110) Total intangibles (1,448,549) (1,252,242) (1,186,415) Tangible common equity 1,820,813 1,996,599 1,789,474 Total assets 27,461,061 24,724,759 22,359,752 Intangible assets: Goodwill (1,319,598) (1,146,007) (1,075,305) Other intangible assets (128,951) (106,235) (111,110) Total intangibles (1,448,549) (1,252,242) (1,186,415) Tangible assets 26,012,512 23,472,517 21,173,337 Ratio of common equity to assets 11.91 13.14 13.31 Ratio of tangible common equity to tangible assets (non-GAAP) 
 7.00 8.51 8.45 

63 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Liquidity and Market Risk Management 
 
 Parent Company 
 
 The Company has leveraged its investment in its subsidiary bank and depends upon the dividends paid to it, as the sole shareholder of the subsidiary bank, as a principal source of funds for dividends to shareholders, stock repurchases and debt service requirements. At December 31, 2022, undivided profits of Simmons Bank were approximately 648.1 million, of which approximately 114.0 million was available for the payment of dividends to the Company without regulatory approval. In addition to dividends, other sources of liquidity for the Company are the sale of equity securities and the borrowing of funds. 
 
 Subsidiary Bank 
 
 Generally speaking, the Company s subsidiary bank relies upon net inflows of cash from financing activities, supplemented by net inflows of cash from operating activities, to provide cash used in investing activities. Typical of most banking companies, significant financing activities include: deposit gathering; use of short-term borrowing facilities, such as federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements; and the issuance of long-term debt. The subsidiary bank s primary investing activities include loan originations and purchases of investment securities, offset by loan payoffs and investment cash flows and maturities. 
 
 Liquidity represents an institution s ability to provide funds to satisfy demands from depositors and borrowers by either converting assets into cash or accessing new or existing sources of incremental funds. A major responsibility of management is to maximize net interest income within prudent liquidity constraints. Internal corporate guidelines have been established to constantly measure liquid assets as well as relevant ratios concerning earning asset levels and purchased funds. The management and Board of Directors of the subsidiary bank monitor these same indicators and makes adjustments as needed. 
 
 Liquidity Management 
 
 The objective of our liquidity management is to access adequate sources of funding to ensure that cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers are met in an orderly and timely manner. Sources of liquidity are managed so that reliance on any one funding source is kept to a minimum. Our liquidity sources are prioritized for both availability and time to activation. 
 
 Our liquidity is a primary consideration in determining funding needs and is an integral part of asset/liability management. Pricing of the liability side is a major component of interest margin and spread management. Adequate liquidity is a necessity in addressing this critical task. There are seven primary and secondary sources of liquidity available to the Company. The particular liquidity need and timeframe determine the use of these sources. 
 
 The first source of liquidity available to the Company is federal funds. Federal funds are available on a daily basis and are used to meet the normal fluctuations of a dynamic balance sheet. The Bank has approximat ely 520.0 million in f ederal funds lines of credit from upstream correspondent banks that can be accessed, when needed. In order to ensure availability of these upstream funds we test these borrowing lines at least annually. Historical monitoring of these funds has made it possible for us to project seasonal fluctuations and structure our funding requirements on a month-to-month basis. 
 
 Second, Simmons Bank has lines of credit available with the Federal Home Loan Bank. While we use portions of those lines to match off longer-term mortgage loans, we also use those lines to meet liquidity needs. Approximately 5.4 billion of these lines of credit are currently available, if needed, for liquidity. 
 
 A third source of liquidity is that we have the ability to access large wholesale deposits from both the public and private sector to fund short-term liquidity needs. 
 
 A fourth source of liquidity is the retail deposits available through our network of financial centers throughout Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. Although this method can be a somewhat more expensive alternative to supplying liquidity, this source can be used to meet intermediate term liquidity needs. 
 
 Fifth, we use a laddered investment portfolio that ensures there is a steady source of intermediate term liquidity. These funds can be used to meet seasonal loan patterns and other intermediate term balance sheet fluctuations. Approximately 50.6 of the investment portfolio is classified as available-for-sale. We also use securities held in the securities portfolio to pledge when obtaining public funds. 
 
 64 

Sixth, we have a network of downstream correspondent banks from which we can access debt to meet liquidity needs. 
 
 Finally, we have the ability to access funds through the Federal Reserve Bank Discount Window. 
 
 We believe the various sources available are ample liquidity for short-term, intermediate-term and long-term liquidity. 
 
 Market Risk Management 
 
 Market risk arises from changes in interest rates. We have risk management policies to monitor and limit exposure to market risk. In asset and liability management activities, policies designed to minimize structural interest rate risk are in place. The measurement of market risk associated with financial instruments is meaningful only when all related and offsetting on- and off-balance-sheet transactions are aggregated, and the resulting net positions are identified. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 Interest rate risk represents the potential impact of interest rate changes on net income and capital resulting from mismatches in repricing opportunities of assets and liabilities over a period of time. A number of tools are used to monitor and manage interest rate risk, including simulation models and interest sensitivity gap analysis. Management uses simulation models to estimate the effects of changing interest rates and various balance sheet strategies on the level of the Company s net income and capital. As a means of limiting interest rate risk to an acceptable level, management may alter the mix of floating and fixed-rate assets and liabilities, change pricing schedules, manage investment maturities during future security purchases, or enter into derivative contracts such as interest rate swaps. 
 
 The simulation model incorporates management s assumptions regarding the level of interest rates or balance changes for indeterminate maturity deposits for a given level of market rate changes. These assumptions have been developed through anticipated pricing behavior. Key assumptions in the simulation models include the relative timing of prepayments, cash flows and maturities. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely estimate net interest income or precisely predict the impact of a change in interest rates on net income or capital. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes and changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the model simulations projected that 100 and 200 basis point increases in interest rates would result in a positive variance in net interest income of 1.59 and 3.14 , respectively, relative to the base case over the next 12 months, while decreases in interest rates of 100 basis points would result in a negative variance in net interest income of 1.13 relative to the base case over the next 12 months. These are good faith estimates and assume that the composition of our interest sensitive assets and liabilities existing at each year-end will remain constant over the relevant twelve month measurement period and that changes in market interest rates are instantaneous and sustained across the yield curve regardless of duration of pricing characteristics of specific assets or liabilities. Also, this analysis does not contemplate any actions that we might undertake in response to changes in market interest rates. We believe these estimates are not necessarily indicative of what actually could occur in the event of immediate interest rate increases or decreases of this magnitude. As interest-bearing assets and liabilities reprice in different time frames and proportions to market interest rate movements, various assumptions must be made based on historical relationships of these variables in reaching any conclusion. Since these correlations are based on competitive and market conditions, we anticipate that our future results will likely be different from the foregoing estimates, and such differences could be material. 
 
 The table below presents our sensitivity to net interest income at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Table 23: Net Interest Income Sensitivity 
 
 Interest Rate Scenario Change from Base Up 300 basis points 4.46 Up 200 basis points 3.14 Up 100 basis points 1.59 Down 100 basis points (1.13) Down 200 basis points (3.50) Down 300 basis points (5.39) 
 
 65 

ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 67 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 68 
 Report on Consolidated Financial Statements 
 69 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 72 
 Consolidated Statements of Income, Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 73 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 74 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 75 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 76 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 77 

66 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of Simmons First National Corporation (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation and fair presentation of the Company s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Accordingly, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. 
 
 Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 edition) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO ). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 is effective based on the specified criteria. 
 
 FORVIS, LLP (formerly BKD, LLP), the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The report, which expresses an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, immediately follows. 

67 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 Simmons First National Corporation 
 Pine Bluff, Arkansas 
 
 Opinion on the Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited Simmons First National Corporation s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 
 In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework: (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the three years ended in the period ended December 31, 2022, and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting . Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. 
 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definitions and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of reliable financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 (Formerly, BKD, LLP) /s/ FORVIS, LLP 
 
 February 27, 2023 
 
 68 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 Simmons First National Corporation 
 Pine Bluff, Arkansas 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Simmons First National Corporation (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated February 27, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current-period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The Company s loan portfolio totaled 16.14 billion as of December 31, 2022 and the allowance for credit losses on loans was 197.0 million. The Company s unfunded loan commitments totaled 5.6 billion, with an allowance for credit losses of 41.9 million. The Company s available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities portfolios totaled 7.61 billion as of December 31, 2022, and the allowance for credit losses on securities was 1.4 million. Together these amounts represent the allowance for credit losses ACL ). As more fully described in Notes 1, 3 and 5 to the Company s consolidated financial statements: 
 For loans receivable, the ACL is a contra-asset valuation account, calculated in accordance with Topic 326 that is deducted from the amortized cost basis of loans to present the net amount expected to be collected. 
 For unfunded loan commitments, the ACL is a liability account calculated in accordance with Topic 326, reported as a component of accrued interest and other liabilities. 
 For securities, the ACL is a contra-valuation account that is deducted from the recorded basis of the securities. 
 
 69 

The amount of each allowance account represents management s best estimate of current expected credit losses on those financial instruments considering all available information from internal and external sources, relevant to assessing exposure to credit loss over the contractual term of the instrument. Loans with similar risk characteristics are aggregated into homogenous segments for assessment. Reserve factors are based on estimated probability of default (PD) and loss given default (LGD) for substantially all segments. The estimates include economic forecasts over the reasonable and supportable forecast period based on projected performance of economic variables that have a statistical relationship. 
 
 Management qualitatively adjusts its model results for risk factors that were not considered within the modeling processes but were still relevant in assessing the expected credit losses within the loan pools. In some cases, management determined that an individual loan exhibited unique characteristics which differentiated the loan from other loans with the identified loan pools. In such cases the loans were evaluated for expected credit losses on an individual basis and excluded from the collective evaluation. 
 
 Auditing management s estimate of the ACL involved a high degree of subjectivity due to the nature of the qualitative factor adjustments included in the ACL and complexities due to the implementation of the probability of default and loss given default models. Management s identification and measurement of the qualitative factor adjustments is highly judgmental and had a significant effect on the ACL. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed as of December 31, 2022 to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtained an understanding of the Company s process for establishing the ACL 
 Evaluated and tested the design and operating effectiveness of controls over the reliability and accuracy of the data used to calculate and estimate the various components of the ACL including: 
 Loan data completeness and accuracy 
 Grouping of loans by segment 
 Model inputs utilized including PD, LGD, remaining life and prepayment speed 
 Approval of model assumptions selected 
 Establishment of qualitative factors 
 Loan risk ratings 
 Tested the mathematical accuracy of the calculation of the ACL 
 Performed reviews of individual credit files to evaluate the reasonableness of loan credit risk ratings 
 Tested internally prepared loan reviews to evaluate the reasonableness of the loan credit risk ratings 
 Tested the completeness and accuracy of inputs utilized in the calculation of the ACL 
 Evaluated the qualitative adjustments to the ACL including assessing the basis for adjustments and the reasonableness of the significant assumptions 
 Tested the reasonableness of specific reserves on individually reviewed loans 
 Evaluated credit quality trends in delinquencies, non-accruals, charge-offs and loan risk ratings 
 Evaluated the overall reasonableness of the ACL and compared to trends identified within peer groups 
 Tested estimated utilization rate of unfunded loan commitments 
 Reviewed documentation prepared to assess the methodology utilized by a third party performing the ACL calculation for securities for reasonableness 
 Evaluated the accuracy and completeness of Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 , Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326) disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Acquisition Accounting 
 
 As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company completed its merger with Spirit of Texas Bancshares, Inc., on April 8, 2022. The Company issued 18,275,074 shares of its common stock valued at approximately 464.9 million, plus 1.4 million in cash. As part of the acquisition, management assessed that the acquisition qualified as a business combination and all identifiable assets and liabilities acquired were valued at fair value, resulting in additional goodwill of approximately 172.9 million being recognized on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The identification and valuation of such acquired assets and assumed liabilities requires management to exercise significant judgment. Management utilized outside vendors to assist with estimating the fair value. 
 
 We identified the consummated acquisition and the valuation of acquired assets and assumed liabilities as a critical audit matter. Auditing the acquired assets and assumed liabilities and other acquisition-related considerations involved a high degree of subjectivity in evaluating management s fair value estimates and purchase price allocations, including the use of our internal valuation specialists. 

70 

The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtained and read the executed Agreement and Plan of Merger documents to gain an understanding of the underlying terms of the consummated acquisition. 
 Testing the design and operating effectiveness of controls including: 
 Proper approval of the acquisition 
 Accuracy of the valuations of significant assets acquired and liabilities assumed 
 Completeness and accuracy of the purchase price allocation, including tax impact 
 Completeness and accuracy of day 1 journal entries and general ledger mapping 
 Assessed management s application of accounting guidance related to the business combination and management s determination of whether the transaction was an acquisition of a business as defined within the ASC 805, Business Combinations , framework. 
 Assessed the completeness and accuracy of management s purchase accounting model, including the balance sheet acquired and related fair value purchase price allocations made to identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 Obtained and evaluated significant outside vendor valuation estimates, and challenging management s review of the appropriateness of the valuations including but not limited to, testing critical inputs, assumptions applied, and valuation models utilized by the outside vendors. 
 Tested the completeness and accuracy of management s calculation of total consideration paid. 
 Tested the accuracy of the goodwill calculation resulting from the acquisition, which was the difference between the total consideration paid and the fair value of the net assets acquired. 
 Utilized internal valuation specialists to assist with testing the related fair value valuations and purchase price allocations made to identified assets acquired and liabilities assumed. 
 Read and evaluated the adequacy of the disclosures made in the notes to the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) /s/ FORVIS, LLP 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1972. 
 
 Little Rock, Arkansas 
 February 27, 2023 

71 

Simmons First National Corporation 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (In thousands, except share data) 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and noninterest bearing balances due from banks 
 Interest bearing balances due from banks and federal funds sold Cash and cash equivalents Interest bearing balances due from banks time Investment securities: Held-to-maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Available-for-sale, at estimated fair value (amortized cost of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 
 Total investments Mortgage loans held for sale Other loans held for sale 
 Loans Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Net loans Premises and equipment Foreclosed assets and other real estate owned Interest receivable Bank owned life insurance Goodwill Other intangible assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Deposits: Noninterest bearing transaction accounts Interest bearing transaction accounts and savings deposits Time deposits Total deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Subordinated notes and debentures 
 Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock, Class A, par value; and shares authorized at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Surplus Undivided profits Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 72 

Simmons First National Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME Loans, including fees Interest bearing balances due from banks and federal funds sold Investment securities Mortgage loans held for sale Other loans held for sale TOTAL INTEREST INCOME INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase Other borrowings Subordinated notes and debentures TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for credit losses ) NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER PROVISION FOR CREDIT LOSSES NONINTEREST INCOME Service charges on deposit accounts Debit and credit card fees Wealth management fees Mortgage lending income Bank owned life insurance income Other service charges and fees Gain (loss) on sale of securities, net ) Gain on insurance settlement Other income TOTAL NONINTEREST INCOME NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy expense, net Furniture and equipment expense Other real estate and foreclosure expense Deposit insurance Merger related costs Other operating expenses TOTAL NONINTEREST EXPENSE INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES Provision for income taxes NET INCOME Preferred stock dividends NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 73 

Simmons First National Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 NET INCOME OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on available-for-sale securities ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustment for realized gains (losses) included in net income ) Less: Realized losses on available-for-sale securities interest rate hedges ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity during the period ) Less: Amortization of net unrealized gains (losses) on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax effect ) ) Less: Tax effect of other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 74 

Simmons First National Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for credit losses ) Loss (gain) on sale of investments ) ) Net accretion of investment securities and assets ) ) ) Net amortization on borrowings Stock-based compensation expense Gain on sale of premises and equipment, net of impairment ) ) Gain on sale of foreclosed assets and other real estate owned ) ) ) Gain on sale of mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Gain on sale of other intangibles ) Gain on sale of branches ) ) Gain on sale of loans ) Fair value write-down of closed branches Deferred income taxes ) Income from bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Loss from early retirement of TruPS Originations of mortgage loans held for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of mortgage loans held for sale Changes in assets and liabilities: Interest receivable ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accrued interest and other liabilities ) Income taxes payable ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net change in loans ) Proceeds from sale of loans Decrease in due from banks - time Purchases of premises and equipment, net ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Proceeds from sale of foreclosed assets and other real estate owned Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale securities Purchases of available-for-sale securities ) ) ) Proceeds from maturities of held-to-maturity securities Purchases of held-to-maturity securities ) ) ) Proceeds from bank owned life insurance death benefits Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) Cash received in business combinations, net Disposition of assets and liabilities held for sale ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net change in deposits Repayments of subordinated debentures ) ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Net change in other borrowed funds ) ) Net change in federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) ) Net shares (cancelled) issued under stock compensation plans ) ) Shares issued under employee stock purchase plan Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Retirement of preferred stock ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 75 

Simmons First National Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In thousands, except share data) Preferred Stock Common Stock Surplus Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Undivided Profits Total Balance, December 31, 2019 Impact of ASU 2016-13 adoption ) ) Comprehensive income Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan shares 
 Stock-based compensation plans, net shares 
 Stock repurchases - shares 
 ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Dividends on common stock per share 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Comprehensive income ) Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan - shares 
 Stock-based compensation plans, net - shares 
 Stock issued for Landmark acquisition - shares 
 Stock issued for Triumph acquisition - shares 
 Preferred stock retirement ) ) Stock repurchases - shares 
 ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock ) ) Dividends on common stock - per share 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Comprehensive income ) ) Stock issued for employee stock purchase plan - shares 
 Stock-based compensation plans, net - shares 
 Stock issued for Spirit acquisition - shares 
 Stock repurchases - shares 
 ) ) ) Dividends on common stock per share 
 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 76 

Simmons First National Corporation 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

NOTE 1: 

financial centers as of December 31, 2022, located throughout market areas in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Tennessee and Texas. 
 
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its subsidiaries. Significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 Simmons Bank is an Arkansas state-chartered bank and a member of the Federal Reserve System through the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis. Due to the Company s typical acquisition process, there may be brief periods of time during which the Company may operate another subsidiary bank that the Company acquired through a merger with a target bank holding company as a separate subsidiary while preparing for the merger and integration of that subsidiary bank into Simmons Bank. However, it is the Company s intent to generally maintain Simmons Bank as the Company s sole subsidiary bank. 
 
 reportable operating segment. 
 
 The Company also considers its trust, investment and insurance services to be operating segments. Information on these segments is not reported separately since they do not meet the quantitative thresholds under Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 280-10-50-12. 

77 

78 

79 

80 

81 

82 

83 

Average common shares outstanding Average potential dilutive common shares Average diluted common shares Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 There were stock options excluded from earnings per share calculations due to the related stock option exercise price exceeding the average market price for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were approximately stock options excluded from the year ended December 31, 2020 earnings per share calculation due to the related stock option exercise price exceeding the average market price. 
 
 For additional information, see Note 15, Employee Benefit Plans. 

NOTE 2: 

shares of its common stock valued at approximately million as of April 8, 2022, plus in cash, in exchange for all outstanding shares of Spirit capital stock (and common stock equivalents) to effect the merger. 
 
 Prior to the acquisition, Spirit, headquartered in Conroe, Texas, conducted banking business through its subsidiary bank, Spirit of Texas Bank SSB, from branches located primarily in the Texas Triangle - consisting of Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston, San Antonio and Austin metropolitan areas - with additional locations in the Bryan-College Station, Corpus Christi and Tyler metropolitan areas, along with offices in North Central and South Texas. Including the effects of the acquisition method accounting adjustments, the Company acquired approximately billion in assets, including approximately billion in loans (inclusive of loan discounts), and approximately billion in deposits. 
 
 Goodwill of million was recorded as a result of the transaction. The merger strengthened the Company s position in the Texas market and brought forth additional opportunities in the Company s current footprint, which gave rise to the goodwill recorded. The goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes. 

84 

Investment securities ) Loans acquired ) Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Premises and equipment ) Bank owned life insurance Goodwill ) Core deposit and other intangible assets Other assets ) Total assets acquired ) Liabilities Assumed Deposits: Noninterest bearing transaction accounts ) Interest bearing transaction accounts and savings deposits Time deposits Total deposits Other borrowings Subordinated debentures Accrued interest and other liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Equity ) Total equity assumed ) Total liabilities and equity assumed ) Net assets acquired Purchase price Goodwill 
 
 The purchase price allocation and certain fair value measurements remain preliminary due to the timing of the merger. Management will continue to review the estimated fair values and evaluate the assumed tax positions. The Company expects to finalize its analysis of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities in this transaction within one year of the completion of the merger. Therefore, adjustments to the estimated amounts and carrying values may occur. 
 
 The Company s operating results include the operating results of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of Spirit subsequent to the acquisition date. 

85 

million of acquisition-related costs, net of tax, incurred by the Company during 2022. 
 
 Net income Diluted earnings per share 
 _________________________ 
 (1) Net interest income plus non-interest income. 
 
 As previously discussed, the Company s acquisition of Spirit was completed on April 8, 2022, at which time Spirit was fully integrated into the Company s operations. As a result, it is impracticable for the Company to provide certain post-closing information, such as revenue and earnings, as it relates to the Spirit acquisition. 
 
 Landmark Community Bank 
 
 On October 8, 2021, the Company completed its acquisition of Landmark Community Bank Landmark pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 4, 2021 Landmark Agreement ), at which time Landmark merged with and into Simmons Bank, with Simmons Bank continuing as the surviving entity. The Company issued shares of its common stock valued at approximately million as of October 8, 2021, plus in cash, in exchange for all outstanding shares of Landmark capital stock (and common stock equivalents) to effect the merger. 

Prior to the acquisition, Landmark, headquartered in Collierville, Tennessee, conducted banking business from branches located in the Memphis and Nashville, Tennessee, metropolitan areas. Including the effects of the acquisition method accounting adjustments, the Company acquired approximately million in assets, including approximately million in loans (inclusive of loan discounts), and approximately million in deposits. 
 
 Goodwill of million was recorded as a result of the transaction. The merger strengthened the Company s market share and brought forth additional opportunities in the Company s current footprint, which gave rise to the goodwill recorded. The goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes. 

86 

Due from banks - time Investment securities ) Loans acquired Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Premises and equipment ) Bank owned life insurance Core deposit intangible Other assets ) Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed Deposits: Noninterest bearing transaction accounts Interest bearing transaction accounts and savings deposits Time deposits ) Total deposits ) Other borrowings Accrued interest and other liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Equity ) Total equity assumed ) Total liabilities and equity assumed ) Net assets acquired Purchase price Goodwill 
 
 During 2022, the Company finalized its analysis of the loans acquired along with other acquired assets and assumed liabilities related to Landmark. 
 
 The Company s operating results include the operating results of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of Landmark subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 
 Triumph Bancshares, Inc. 
 
 On October 8, 2021, the Company completed its merger with Triumph Bancshares, Inc. Triumph pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger dated as of June 4, 2021 Triumph Agreement ), at which time Triumph merged with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation. The Company issued shares of its common stock valued at approximately million as of October 8, 2021, plus in cash, in exchange for all outstanding shares of Triumph capital stock (and common stock equivalents) to effect the merger. 
 
 Prior to the acquisition, Triumph, headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee, conducted banking business through its subsidiary bank, Triumph Bank, from branches located in the Memphis and Nashville, Tennessee, metropolitan areas. Including the effects of the acquisition method accounting adjustments, the Company acquired approximately million in assets, including approximately million in loans (inclusive of loan discounts), and approximately million in deposits. 
 
 87 

million was recorded as a result of the transaction. The merger strengthened the Company s market share and brought forth additional opportunities in the Company s current footprint, which gave rise to the goodwill recorded. The goodwill will not be deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Due from banks - time Investment securities ) Loans acquired ) Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Premises and equipment Goodwill ) Core deposit intangible Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities Assumed Deposits: Noninterest bearing transaction accounts Interest bearing transaction accounts and savings deposits Time deposits Total deposits Other borrowings Subordinated debentures Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Equity ) Total equity assumed ) Total liabilities and equity assumed ) Net assets acquired Purchase price Goodwill 
 
 During 2022, the Company finalized its analysis of the loans acquired along with other acquired assets and assumed liabilities related to Triumph. 
 
 The Company s operating results include the operating results of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities of Triumph subsequent to the acquisition date. 
 
 Total acquisition-related costs of million, million, and million were recorded during the years ended 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The following is a description of the methods used to determine the fair values of significant assets and liabilities presented in the acquisitions above. 
 
 Cash and due from banks and time deposits due from banks The carrying amount of these assets is a reasonable estimate of fair value based on the short-term nature of these assets. 
 
 88 

89 

NOTE 3: 

billion and million, respectively, of securities from the available-for-sale portfolio to the held-to-maturity portfolio. As of December 31, 2022, the related remaining net unrealized losses of million and net unrealized gains of , respectively, in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) will be amortized over the remaining life of the securities. gains or losses on these securities were recognized at the time of transfer. 
 
 ) Mortgage-backed securities ) State and political subdivisions ) ) Other securities ) ) Total HTM ) ) December 31, 2021 U.S. Government agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities ) State and political subdivisions ) ) Other securities ) ) Total HTM ) ) 
 
 Mortgage-backed securities MBS are commercial MBS, secured by commercial properties, and residential MBS, generally secured by single-family residential properties. All mortgage-backed securities included in the table above were issued by U.S. government agencies or corporations. As of December 31, 2022, HTM MBS consisted of million and billion of commercial MBS and residential MBS, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, HTM MBS consisted of million and million of commercial MBS and residential MBS, respectively. 
 90 

) U.S. Government agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities ) State and political subdivisions ) Other securities ) Total AFS ) December 31, 2021 U.S. Treasury U.S. Government agencies ) Mortgage-backed securities ) State and political subdivisions ) Other securities ) Total AFS ) 
 
 All mortgage-backed securities included in the table above were issued by U.S. government agencies or corporations. As of December 31, 2022, AFS MBS consisted of billion and billion of commercial MBS and residential MBS, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, AFS MBS consisted of billion and billion of commercial MBS and residential MBS, respectively. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on HTM and AFS securities at December 31, 2022 was million and million, respectively, and is included in interest receivable on the consolidated balance sheets. The Company has made the election to exclude all accrued interest receivable from securities from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 ) ) U.S. Government agencies ) ) ) Mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) State and political subdivisions ) ) ) Other securities ) ) ) Total AFS ) ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s investment portfolio included billion of AFS securities, of which billion, or , were in an unrealized loss position that are not deemed to have credit losses. A portion of the unrealized losses were related to the Company s MBS, which are issued and guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies, and the Company s state and political subdivision securities, specifically investments in insured fixed rate municipal bonds for which the issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. 
 
 91 

Provision for credit loss expense Net increase (decrease) in allowance on previously impaired securities ) Recoveries Ending balance, December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Held-to-maturity Beginning balance, January 1, 2021 Provision for credit loss expense ) ) ) Securities charged-off ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, December 31, 2021 Available-for-sale Beginning balance, January 1, 2021 Reduction due to sales ) ) Net decrease in allowance on previously impaired securities ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 
 
 Based upon the Company s analysis of the underlying risk characteristics of its AFS portfolio, including credit ratings and other qualitative factors, as previously discussed, there was provision for credit losses related to AFS securities recorded during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the provision for credit losses related to AFS securities was reduced by . 

92 

Aa/AA A Baa/BBB Not Rated Total 
 
 Historical loss rates associated with securities having similar grades as those in the Company s portfolio have generally not been significant. Pre-refunded securities, if any, have been defeased by the issuer and are fully secured by cash and/or U.S. Treasury securities held in escrow for payment to holders when the underlying call dates of the securities are reached. Securities with other credit enhancement or insurance continue to make timely principal and interest payments under the contractual terms of the securities. Accordingly, no allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities as there is no current expectation of credit losses related to these securities. 
 Available-for-sale Non-taxable: Held-to-maturity Available-for-sale Total 
 
 After one through five years After five through ten years After ten years Securities not due on a single maturity date Other securities (no maturity) Total 
 
 The carrying value, which approximates the fair value, of securities pledged as collateral, to secure public deposits and for other purposes, amounted to billion at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 
 securities were sold during 2022, while the Company sold approximately million of investment securities during 2021 and approximately billion of investment securities during 2020. Securities sold in 2020 were in large part related to efforts by the Company to increase liquidity in response to the early stages of the COVID-19 pandemic, while the securities sold during 2021 were part of a strategic plan to realize gains on securities with projected calls within the short-term period. The decrease in net gains on the sale and call of securities in 2022 as compared to 2021 and 2020 reflect the rising interest rate environment 
 93 

of gross realized gains and of gross realized losses from the call of securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. There were approximately million of gross realized gains and of gross realized losses from the sale of securities during the year ended December 31, 2021. There were approximately million of gross realized gains and of gross realized losses from the sale of securities during the year ended December 31, 2020. The income tax expense/benefit related to security gains/losses was of the gross amounts in 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 The Company has entered into various fair value hedging transactions to mitigate the impact of changing interest rates on the fair value of AFS securities. See Note 21, Derivative Instruments, for disclosure of the gains and losses recognized on derivative instruments and the cumulative fair value hedging adjustments to the carrying amount of the hedged securities. 

NOTE 4: 

Simmons Bank locations in Austin, San Antonio, and Tilden, Texas (collectively, the Texas Branches ). Pursuant to the terms of the Spirit Branch Agreement, Spirit Bank assumed certain deposit liabilities and acquired certain loans, as well as cash, real property, personal property and other fixed assets associated with the Texas Branches. The loan and deposit balances of the Texas Branches were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Colorado Branch Sale 
 
 On February 10, 2020, Simmons Bank entered into a Branch Purchase and Assumption Agreement (the First Western Agreement with First Western Trust Bank First Western ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of First Western Financial, Inc. 
 
 On May 18, 2020, First Western completed its purchase of certain assets and assumption of certain liabilities Colorado Branch Sale associated with Simmons Bank locations in Denver, Englewood, Highlands Ranch, and Lone Tree, Colorado (collectively, the Colorado Branches ). Pursuant to the terms of the First Western Agreement, First Western assumed certain deposit liabilities and acquired certain loans, as well as cash, personal property and other fixed assets associated with the Colorado Branches. The loan and deposit balances of the Colorado Branches were million and million, respectively. 
 
 During 2020, the Company recognized a combined gain on sale of million related to the Texas Branch Sale and Colorado Branch Sale. 
 
 Illinois Branch Sale 
 
 On November 30, 2020, Simmons Bank entered into a Branch Purchase and Assumption Agreement (the Citizens Equity Agreement with Citizens Equity First Credit Union CEFCU ). 
 
 On March 12, 2021, CEFCU completed its purchase of certain assets and assumption of certain liabilities (the Illinois Branch Sale associated with Simmons Bank locations in the Metro East area of Southern Illinois, near St. Louis (collectively, the Illinois Branches ). Pursuant to the terms of the Citizens Equity Agreement, CEFCU assumed certain deposit liabilities and acquired certain loans, as well as cash, personal property and other fixed assets associated with the Illinois Branches. The loan and deposit balances of the Illinois Branches were and million, respectively. 
 
 During 2021, the Company recognized a gain on sale of million related to the Illinois Branches. 
 
 Spirit Acquisition 
 
 In connection with the acquisition of Spirit, the Company acquired a portfolio of loans which were identified as held for sale by the acquired bank prior to the completion of the acquisition. These loans were valued at million, net of fair value discounts, at the date of acquisition with no remaining balance as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding other assets and other liabilities held for sale. 
 94 

NOTE 5: 

billion, compared to billion at December 31, 2021. 
 Other consumer Total consumer Real estate: Construction and development Single family residential Other commercial Total real estate Commercial: Commercial Agricultural Total commercial Other Total loans 
 
 The above table presents total loans at amortized cost. The difference between amortized cost and unpaid principal balance is primarily premiums and discounts associated with acquisition date fair value adjustments on acquired loans as well as net deferred origination fees totaling million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Accrued interest on loans, which is excluded from the amortized cost of loans held for investment, totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in interest receivable on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Loan Origination/Risk Management The Company seeks to manage its credit risk by diversifying its loan portfolio, determining that borrowers have adequate sources of cash flow for loan repayment without liquidation of collateral; obtaining and monitoring collateral; and providing an adequate allowance for credit losses by regularly reviewing loans through the internal loan review process. The loan portfolio is diversified by borrower, purpose and industry. The Company seeks to use diversification within the loan portfolio to reduce its credit risk, thereby minimizing the adverse impact on the portfolio if weaknesses develop in either the economy or a particular segment of borrowers. Collateral requirements are based on credit assessments of borrowers and may be used to recover the debt in case of default. 
 
 Consumer The consumer loan portfolio consists of credit card loans and other consumer loans. Credit card loans are diversified by geographic region to reduce credit risk and minimize any adverse impact on the portfolio. Although they are regularly reviewed to facilitate the identification and monitoring of creditworthiness, credit card loans are unsecured loans, making them more susceptible to economic downturns resulting in increasing unemployment. Other consumer loans include direct and indirect installment loans and account overdrafts. Loans in this portfolio segment are sensitive to unemployment and other key consumer economic measures. 
 
 Real estate The real estate loan portfolio consists of construction and development loans C D ), single family residential loans and commercial loans. C D and commercial real estate CRE loans can be particularly sensitive to valuation of real estate. CRE cycles are inevitable. The long planning and production process for new properties and rapid shifts in business conditions and employment create an inherent tension between supply and demand for commercial properties. While general economic trends often move individual markets in the same direction over time, the timing and magnitude of changes are determined by other forces unique to each market. CRE cycles tend to be local in nature and longer than other credit cycles. Factors influencing the CRE market are traditionally different from those affecting residential real estate markets; thereby making predictions for one market based on the other difficult. Additionally, submarkets within CRE such as office, industrial, apartment, retail and hotel also experience different cycles, providing an opportunity to lower the overall risk through diversification across types of CRE loans. Management realizes that local demand and supply conditions will also mean that different geographic areas will experience cycles of different amplitude and length. The Company monitors these loans closely. 
 95 

balloons, and the Company has instituted a pricing mechanism for commercial loans. It is standard practice to require personal guaranties on commercial loans for closely-held or limited liability entities. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loans - The Company originated loans pursuant to multiple PPP appropriations of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act which provided 100 federally guaranteed loans for small businesses to cover up to 24 weeks of payroll costs and assist with mortgage interest, rent and utilities. Notably, these small business loans may be forgiven by the SBA if borrowers maintain their payrolls and satisfy certain other conditions. PPP loans have a zero percent risk-weight for regulatory capital ratios. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total outstanding balance of PPP loans was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Other The other loan portfolio includes mortgage warehouse loans, representing warehouse lines of credit to mortgage originators for the disbursement of newly originated 1-4 family residential loans. Also included in the other loan portfolio are loans to public sector customers, including state and local governments. 
 
 Nonaccrual and Past Due Loans Loans are considered past due if the required principal and interest payments have not been received as of the date such payments were due. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when, in management s opinion, the borrower may be unable to meet payment obligations as they become due, as well as when required by regulatory provisions. Loans may be placed on nonaccrual status regardless of whether or not such loans are considered past due. When interest accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. Interest income is subsequently recognized only to the extent cash payments are received in excess of principal due. Loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 Other consumer Total consumer Real estate: Construction and development Single family residential Other commercial Total real estate Commercial: Commercial Agricultural Total commercial Other Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, nonaccrual loans for which there was no related allowance for credit losses had an amortized cost of million and million, respectively. These loans are individually assessed and do not hold an allowance due to being adequately collateralized under the collateral-dependent valuation method. 

96 

Other consumer Total consumer Real estate: Construction and development Single family residential Other commercial Total real estate Commercial: Commercial Agricultural Total commercial Other Total December 31, 2021 Consumer: Credit cards Other consumer Total consumer Real estate: Construction and development Single family residential Other commercial Total real estate Commercial: Commercial Agricultural Total commercial Other Total 

When the Company restructures a loan to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty and grants a concession that it would not otherwise consider, a troubled debt restructuring TDR results and the Company classifies the loan as a TDR. The Company grants various types of concessions, primarily interest rate reduction and/or payment modifications or extensions, with an occasional forgiveness of principal. 
 
 Once an obligation has been restructured because of such credit problems, it continues to be considered a TDR until paid in full; or, if an obligation yields a market interest rate and no longer has any concession regarding payment amount or amortization, then it is not considered a TDR at the beginning of the calendar year after the year in which the improvement takes place. The Company returns TDRs to accrual status only if (1) all contractual amounts due can reasonably be expected to be repaid within a prudent period, and (2) repayment has been in accordance with the contract for a sustained period, typically at least six months. 
 
 97 

Other commercial Total real estate Commercial: Commercial Total commercial Total December 31, 2021 Real estate: Single-family residential Other commercial Total real estate Commercial: Commercial Total commercial Total 
 
 The following table presents loans that were restructured as TDRs during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 segregated by class of loans. 
 
 Modification Type (Dollars in thousands) Number of Loans Balance Prior to TDR Balance at December 31, Change in Maturity Date Change in Rate Financial Impact on Date of Restructure Year Ended December 31, 2022 Real estate: Single-family residential Other commercial Total real estate Year Ended December 31, 2021 Real estate: Single-family residential Other commercial Total real estate 

98 

loans with a recorded investment of prior to modification which were deemed troubled debt restructuring. The restructured loans were modified by deferring amortized principal payments, changing the maturity dates and requiring interest-only payments for a period of up to 12 months. No specific reserve was determined necessary for these loans as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, there was no immediate financial impact from the restructuring of these loans as it was not considered necessary to charge-off interest or principal on the date of restructure. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of the previously restructured loans with prior balances of were paid off. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company modified loans with a recorded investment of prior to modification which were deemed troubled debt restructuring. The restructured loans were modified by deferring amortized principal payments, changing the maturity dates and requiring interest-only payments for a period of up to 12 months. Based upon the fair value of the collateral, a specific reserve of was determined as necessary for these loans as of December 31, 2021. Also, there was no immediate financial impact from the restructuring of these loans, as it was not considered necessary to charge-off interest or principal on the date of restructure. During the year ended December 31, 2021, of the previously restructured loans with prior balances of were paid off. 
 
 There was loan with an outstanding balance of considered a TDR for which a payment default occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no loans considered TDRs for which a payment default occurred. The Company defines a payment default as a payment received more than 90 days after its due date. 
 
 The Company had TDRs with pre-modification loan balances for which OREO was received in full or partial satisfaction of the loans during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, of consumer mortgage loans secured by residential real estate properties for which formal foreclosure proceedings are in process. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had and , respectively, of OREO secured by residential real estate properties. 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators As part of the on-going monitoring of the credit quality of the Company s loan portfolio, management tracks certain credit quality indicators including trends related to (i) the weighted-average risk rating of commercial and real estate loans, (ii) the level of classified commercial and real estate loans, (iii) net charge-offs, (iv) non-performing loans (see details above) and (v) the general economic conditions of the Company s local markets. 
 
 The Company utilizes a risk rating matrix to assign a risk rate to each of its commercial and real estate loans. Risk ratings are updated on an ongoing basis and are subject to change by continuous loan monitoring processes including lending management monitoring, executive management and board committee oversight, and independent credit review. A description of the general characteristics of the risk ratings is as follows: 
 
 Pass (Excellent) This category includes loans which are virtually free of credit risk. Borrowers in this category represent the highest credit quality and greatest financial strength. 
 Pass (Good) - Loans under this category possess a nominal risk of default. This category includes borrowers with strong financial strength and superior financial ratios and trends. These loans are generally fully secured by cash or equivalents (other than those rated excellent ). 
 Pass (Acceptable Average) - Loans in this category are considered to possess a normal level of risk. Borrowers in this category have satisfactory financial strength and adequate cash flow coverage to service debt requirements. If secured, the perfected collateral should be of acceptable quality and within established borrowing parameters. 
 Pass (Monitor) - Loans in the Watch (Monitor) category exhibit an overall acceptable level of risk, but that risk may be increased by certain conditions, which represent red flags . These red flags require a higher level of supervision or monitoring than the normal Pass rated credit. The borrower may be experiencing these conditions for the first time, or it may be recovering from weakness, which at one time justified a higher rating. These conditions may include: weaknesses in financial trends; marginal cash flow; one-time negative operating results; non-compliance with policy or borrowing agreements; poor diversity in operations; lack of adequate monitoring information or lender supervision; questionable management ability/stability. 
 
 99 

100 

30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total consumer - credit cards Consumer - other Delinquency: Current 30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total consumer - other Real estate - C D Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Total real estate - C D Real estate - SF residential Delinquency: Current 30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total real estate - SF residential Real estate - other commercial Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Total real estate - other commercial Commercial Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Total commercial Commercial - agriculture Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Total commercial - agriculture Other Delinquency: Current 30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total other Total 
 101 

30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total consumer - credit cards Consumer - other Delinquency: Current 30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total consumer - other Real estate - C D Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Total real estate - C D Real estate - SF residential Delinquency: Current 30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total real estate - SF residential Real estate - other commercial Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Total real estate - other commercial Commercial Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Total commercial Commercial - agriculture Risk rating: Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful and loss Total commercial - agriculture Other Delinquency: Current 30-89 days past due 90+ days past due Total other Total 
 102 

103 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as further detailed in the table below. 
 
 Single family residential Other commercial real estate Commercial Total December 31, 2021 Construction and development Single family residential Other commercial real estate Commercial Total 
 
 The following table details activity in the allowance for credit losses by portfolio segment for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. Allocation of a portion of the allowance to one category of loans does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other categories. 
 
 (In thousands) Commercial Real Estate Credit Card Other Consumer and Other Total December 31, 2022 Beginning balance, January 1, 2022 Acquisition adjustment for PCD loans Provision for credit loss expense ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2022 
 104 

Acquisition adjustment for PCD loans Provision for credit loss expense ) ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Beginning balance, January 1, 2020 - prior to adoption of CECL Impact of CECL adoption Provision for credit loss expense ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) Ending balance, December 31, 2020 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s allowance for credit losses was considered sufficient based upon expected loan level cash flows that were supported by economic forecasts. Provision expense related to loans was recaptured during the year for a variety of factors including a release of million driven by improvements in certain industry specific qualitative factors for the restaurant, hospitality, student housing and office space industries due to lower pandemic related stresses. The remaining recapture during 2022 was driven by the planned exit of several large oil and gas relationships during the year, along with the Company s improved asset credit quality metrics, which combined with improved Moody s economic modeling scenarios, more than offset the million Day 2 provision expense required for loans acquired by the Company in the Spirit acquisition. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, provision expense was recaptured as the economy emerged from the pandemic. During 2021, the Company experienced improved asset credit quality metrics coupled with improved Moody s economic modeling scenarios, as compared to the previous year s concern over the economic stresses related to COVID-19. 
 Reserve for Unfunded Commitments 
 
 In addition to the allowance for credit losses, the Company has established a reserve for unfunded commitments, classified in other liabilities. This reserve is maintained at a level management believes to be sufficient to absorb losses arising from unfunded loan commitments. The reserve for unfunded commitments was million and million, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively. The adequacy of the reserve for unfunded commitments is determined quarterly based on methodology similar to the methodology for determining the allowance for credit losses. During 2022, an adjustment to the reserve for unfunded commitments resulted in an expense of million due to the overall increase in unfunded commitments, primarily made up of commercial construction loans, which receive a higher reserve allocation than other loans. Additionally, an adjustment to the reserve for unfunded commitments resulted in an expense of million which was due to the Day 2 provision expense required for unfunded commitments related to the Spirit acquisition. These adjustments were included in the provision for credit losses in the statement of income. adjustment was made to the reserve for unfunded commitments during 2021 as it was considered sufficient to cover any loss expectations. 
 
 Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 Provision for credit losses is determined by the Company as the amount to be added to the allowance for credit loss accounts for various types of financial instruments including loans, securities and off-balance-sheet credit exposure after net charge-offs have been deducted to bring the allowance to a level which, in management's best estimate, is necessary to absorb expected credit losses over the lives of the respective financial instruments. 

105 

) Unfunded commitments ) Securities - HTM ) Securities - AFS ) ) Total ) 
 
 Purchased Credit Deteriorated Loans 
 
 Purchased loans that reflect a more-than-insignificant deterioration of credit from origination are considered PCD. For PCD loans, the initial estimate of expected credit losses is recognized in the allowance for credit loss on the date of acquisition using the same methodology as discussed in the Allowance for Credit Losses section included above. 
 
 PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition ) ) ) ) Non-credit related discount ) ) ) ) Fair value of PCD loans 
 
 The following table provides a summary of loans purchased as part of the Landmark acquisition with credit deterioration at acquisition: 
 (In thousands) Commercial Real Estate Credit Card Other Consumer and Other Total Unpaid principal balance PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition ) ) ) ) Non-credit related discount ) ) ) ) Fair value of PCD loans 
 
 The following table provides a summary of loans purchased as part of the Triumph acquisition with credit deterioration at acquisition: 
 (In thousands) Commercial Real Estate Credit Card Other Consumer and Other Total Unpaid principal balance PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition ) ) ) Non-credit related discount ) ) ) ) Fair value of PCD loans 

106 

NOTE 6: 

Lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Operating lease cost for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , , and , respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted minimum lease payments Less: Net present value adjustment Lease liability included in other liabilities 
 
 107 

NOTE 7: 

Premises and equipment: Land Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Software Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total premises and equipment, net 

NOTE 8: 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Goodwill increased million during the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily due to the Spirit acquisition, along with adjustments related to the continued assessment of the fair value and assumed tax position of the Landmark and Triumph acquisitions. 
 
 Goodwill impairment was neither indicated nor recorded in 2022, 2021 or 2020. During the second quarter of 2022, the Company performed an annual goodwill impairment analysis and concluded impairment existed. Also during 2022, the Company s share price began to decline as markets in the United States responded to record inflation and other economic pressures. As a result of the effect on share price, the Company performed interim goodwill impairment assessments during the second, third and fourth quarters and concluded impairment existed during the periods. While the goodwill impairment analysis indicated no impairment at December 31, 2022, the Company s assessment depends on several assumptions which are dependent on market and economic conditions, and future changes in those conditions could impact the Company s assessment in the future. 
 
 Core deposit premiums represent the value of the relationships that acquired banks had with their deposit customers and are amortized over periods ranging from years to years and are periodically evaluated, at least annually, as to the recoverability of their carrying value. Other intangible assets represent the value of other acquired relationships, including relationships with trust and wealth management customers, and are being amortized over various periods ranging from years to years. 

108 

Acquisitions (1) 
 Disposition of intangible asset (2) 
 ) Amortization ) ) Balance, end of year Books of business and other intangibles: Balance, beginning of year Acquisitions (3) 
 Amortization ) ) Balance, end of year Total other intangible assets, net 
 _________________________ 
 (1) A core deposit premium of million was recorded during 2022 as part of the Spirit acquisition. Core deposit premiums of million and million were recorded during 2021 as part of the Triumph and Landmark acquisitions, respectively. See Note 2, Acquisitions, for additional information on acquisitions. 
 (2) Adjustments recorded for the premiums on certain deposit liabilities associated with the sale of banking operations. 
 (3) The Company recorded million during 2022 related to servicing assets acquired as part of the Spirit acquisition. See Note 2, Acquisitions, for additional information on acquisitions. 
 
 The carrying basis and accumulated amortization of the Company s other intangible assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 
 
 (In thousands) 2022 2021 Core deposit premiums: Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization ) ) Core deposit premiums, net Books of business and other intangibles: Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization ) ) Books of business and other intangibles, net Total other intangible assets, net 
 
 Core deposit premium amortization expense recorded for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. Amortization expense recorded for books of business and other intangibles was million, million, and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

109 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 9: 

billion and million of certificates of deposit over 250,000 at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Brokered time deposits were billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 
 
 Deposits are the Company s primary funding source for loans and investment securities. The mix and repricing alternatives can significantly affect the cost of this source of funds and, therefore, impact the interest margin. 

NOTE 10: 
 
 Deferred income taxes ) Provision for income taxes 

110 

Allowance for credit losses Valuation of foreclosed assets Tax NOLs from acquisition Deferred compensation payable Accrued equity and other compensation Acquired securities Right-of-use lease liability Unrealized loss on AFS securities Allowance for unfunded commitments Other Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Goodwill and other intangible amortization ) ) Accumulated depreciation ) ) Right-of-use lease asset ) ) Unrealized gain on swaps ) ) Other ) ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax asset 
 
 Increase (decrease) in taxes resulting from: State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit Discrete items related to share-based compensation ) ) Tax exempt interest income ) ) ) Tax exempt earnings on bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Federal tax credits ) ) ) Other differences, net Actual tax provision 

111 

million of federal net operating losses subject to the IRC Section 382 annual limitation are expected to be utilized by the Company. All of the acquired net operating loss carryforwards are expected to be fully utilized by 2036. 
 
 The Company files income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction. The Company s U.S. federal income tax returns are open and subject to examinations from the tax year and forward. The Company s various state income tax returns are generally open from the and later tax return years based on individual state statute of limitations. 

NOTE 11: 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 December 31, 2021 Repurchase agreements: U.S. Government agencies 
 112 

NOTE 12: 
 
 to , secured by real estate loans 
 Other long-term debt Total other borrowings Subordinated Notes and Debentures Subordinated notes payable, due 4/1/2028, fixed-to-floating rate (fixed rate of through 3/31/2023, floating rate of above the three month LIBOR rate, reset quarterly) 
 Subordinated notes payable, net of premium adjustments, due 7/31/2030, fixed-to-floating rate (fixed rate of through 7/30/2025, floating rate of above the three month SOFR rate, reset quarterly) 
 Trust preferred securities, net of discount, due 9/15/2037, floating rate of above the three month LIBOR rate, reset quarterly 
 Trust preferred securities, net of discount, due 6/6/2037, floating rate of above the three month LIBOR rate, reset quarterly, callable without penalty 
 Trust preferred securities, due 12/15/2035, floating rate of above the three month LIBOR rate, reset quarterly, callable without penalty 
 Trust preferred securities, net of discount, due 6/15/2037, floating rate of above the three month LIBOR rate, reset quarterly, callable without penalty 
 Trust preferred securities, net of discount, due 12/15/2036, floating rate of above the three month LIBOR rate, reset quarterly, callable without penalty 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total subordinated notes and debentures Total other borrowings and subordinated debt 

In March 2018, the Company issued million in aggregate principal amount, of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Notes at a public offering price equal to of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes. The Company incurred million in debt issuance costs related to the offering during March 2018. The Notes will mature on April 1, 2028 and will bear interest at an initial fixed rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears. From and including April 1, 2023 to, but excluding, the maturity date or the date of earlier redemption, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an annual interest rate equal to the then-current three month London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR rate plus basis points, payable quarterly in arrears. The Notes will be subordinated in right of payment to the payment of the Company s other existing and future senior indebtedness, including all of its general creditors. The Notes are obligations of the Company only and are not obligations of, and are not guaranteed by, any of its subsidiaries. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the sale of the Notes to repay certain outstanding indebtedness. The Notes qualify for Tier 2 capital treatment. 
 
 The terms of the Company s Notes utilize the three month LIBOR rate to determine the interest rate and expense due each quarter. The Company is currently reviewing all applicable documents and working with the debt holders and all relevant parties to determine the alternate interest rate index to be utilized, or other impacts, when LIBOR is discontinued. 
 
 The Company assumed subordinated debt in an aggregate principal amount, net of premium adjustments, of million in connection with the Spirit acquisition in April 2022 (the Spirit Notes ). The Spirit Notes will mature on July 31, 2030, and initially bear interest at a fixed annual rate of , payable quarterly, in arrears, to, but excluding, July 31, 2025. From and including July 31, 2025, to, but excluding, the maturity date or earlier redemption date, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate, which is expected to be the then-current three-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ), as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (provided, that in the event the benchmark rate is less than zero, the benchmark rate will be deemed to be zero) plus basis points, payable quarterly, in arrears. 

113 

million at December 31, 2022, of which million are FHLB Owns the Option FOTO advances. FOTO advances are a low cost, fixed-rate source of funding in return for granting to FHLB the flexibility to choose a termination date earlier than the maturity date and therefore are classified as short-term advances by the Company. At December 31, 2022, the FHLB advances outstanding were secured by mortgage loans and investment securities totaling approximately billion and the Company had approximately billion of additional advances available from the FHLB. At December 31, 2022, the Company had million of FHLB advances outstanding with original or expected maturities of one year or less. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the Company redeemed the issuances of trust preferred securities which had an outstanding aggregate principal amount of million. The Company recorded a loss of related to the early retirement of debt, which represented the unamortized purchase discounts associated with the previously acquired trust preferred securities. Each of the trusts was a statutory business trust organized for the sole purpose of issuing trust securities and investing the proceeds thereof in junior subordinated debentures of the Company, the sole asset of each trust. The preferred securities of each trust represented preferred beneficial interests in the assets of the respective trusts and were subject to mandatory redemption upon payment of the junior subordinated debentures held by the trust. The common securities of each trust were wholly-owned by the Company. The trust preferred securities were tax-advantaged issues that qualified for inclusion as Tier 2 capital. 
 
 The Company s long-term debt primarily includes subordinated debt and other notes payable. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total 

NOTE 13: 

authorized shares of preferred stock, par value. On April 27, 2022, the Company s shareholders approved an amendment to the Company s Articles of Incorporation to remove an million cap on the aggregate liquidation preference associated with the preferred stock. 
 
 On October 29, 2019, the Company filed Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation October Amended Articles with the Arkansas Secretary of State. The October Amended Articles classified and designated Series D Preferred Stock, Par Value Per Share, out of the Company s authorized preferred stock. On November 30, 2021, the Company redeemed all of the Series D Preferred Stock, including accrued and unpaid dividends. 
 
 On March 31, 2021, the Company filed a shelf registration with the SEC. The shelf registration statement provides increased flexibility and more efficient access to raise capital from time to time through the sale of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, depository shares, warrants, purchase contracts, purchase units, subscription rights, units or a combination thereof, subject to market conditions. Specific terms and prices are determined at the time of any offering under a separate prospectus supplement that the Company is required to file with the SEC at the time of the specific offering. 
 
 On April 27, 2022, shareholders of the Company approved an increase in the number of authorized shares of its Class A common stock from to . 

114 

shares of common stock. On October 22, 2019, the Company announced a new stock repurchase program (the 2019 Program that replaced the stock repurchase program approved on July 23, 2012, under which the Company may repurchase up to million of its Class A common stock currently issued and outstanding. On March 5, 2020, the Company announced an amendment to the 2019 Program that increased the maximum amount that may be repurchased under the 2019 Program from million to million. Effective July 23, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved another amendment to the 2019 Program that increased the amount of the Company s Class A common stock that may be repurchased under the 2019 Program from a maximum of million to a maximum of million and extended the term of the 2019 Program from October 31, 2021, to October 31, 2022. 
 
 During January 2022, the Company substantially exhausted the repurchase capacity under the 2019 Program. As a result, the Company s Board of Directors authorized a new stock repurchase program in January 2022 (the 2022 Program under which the Company may repurchase up to million of its Class A common stock currently issued and outstanding. The 2022 Program will terminate on January 31, 2024 (unless terminated sooner). 
 
 During 2022, the Company repurchased shares at an average price of per share under the 2019 Program and shares at an average price of per share under the 2022 Program, respectively. The 2022 Program repurchases were all completed during the second and third quarters of 2022. Market conditions and the Company s capital needs will drive decisions regarding additional, future stock repurchases. The Company repurchased shares at an average price of per share under the 2019 Program during 2021. 
 
 Under the 2022 Program, which replaced the 2019 Program, the Company may repurchase shares of its common stock through open market and privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The timing, pricing, and amount of any repurchases under the 2022 Program will be determined by the Company s management at its discretion based on a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, trading volume and market price of the Company s common stock, corporate considerations, the Company s working capital and investment requirements, general market and economic conditions, and legal requirements. The 2022 Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any common stock and may be modified, discontinued, or suspended at any time without prior notice. The Company anticipates funding for this 2022 Program to come from available sources of liquidity, including cash on hand and future cash flow. 

NOTE 14: 

million at December 31, 2022 and million at December 31, 2021. 
 New extensions of credit Repayments ) ) Balance, end of year 
 
 In management s opinion, such loans and other extensions of credit, deposits and vendor contracts (which were not material) were made in the ordinary course of business and were made on substantially the same terms (including interest rates and collateral) as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with unrelated persons or through a competitive bid process. Further, in management s opinion, these extensions of credit did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability or present other unfavorable features. 
 
 115 

NOTE 15: 

of the first of compensation and of the next of compensation for a total match of of eligible pay for each participant who defers or more of his or her eligible pay. Additionally, the Company may make profit-sharing contributions to the 401(k) Plan which are allocated among participants based upon 401(k) Plan compensation without regard to participant contributions. Contribution expense to the plan totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The Company also provides deferred compensation agreements with certain active and retired officers. The agreements provide monthly payments of retirement compensation for either stated periods or for the life of the participant. The charges to income for the plans were million for 2022, million for 2021 and million for 2020. Such charges reflect the straight-line accrual over the employment period of the present value of benefits due each participant, as of their full eligibility date, using an appropriate discount factor. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 
 The Company established an Employee Stock Purchase Plan in 2015 which generally allows participants to make contributions of up to per year, for the purpose of acquiring the Company s common stock. At the end of each plan year, full shares of the Company s stock are purchased for each employee based on that employee s contributions. The Company has issued both general and special stock offerings under the plan. Substantially all employees are eligible for the general stock offering, under which full shares of the Company s stock are purchased for an amount equal to of their fair market value at the end of the plan year, or, if lower, of their fair market value at the beginning of the plan year. 
 
 The special stock offering is available to substantially all non-highly compensated employees with at least of service, and these employees may allocate up to to this offering. Under the special stock offering, full shares of the Company s stock are purchased for an amount equal to of their fair market value at the end of the plan year, or, if lower, of their fair market value at the beginning of the plan year. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation Plans 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors has adopted various stock-based compensation plans. The plans provide for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units and performance stock units. Pursuant to the plans, shares are reserved for future issuance by the Company upon exercise of stock options or awards of restricted stock, restricted stock units, or performance stock units granted to directors, officers and other key employees. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based compensation awards is based on the grant date fair value. For all awards except stock option awards, the grant date fair value is the market value per share as of the grant date. For stock option awards, the fair value is estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, changes to which can materially affect the fair value estimate. Additionally, there may be other factors that would otherwise have a significant effect on the value of employee stock options granted but are not considered by the model. Accordingly, while management believes that the Black-Scholes option-pricing model provides a reasonable estimate of fair value, the model does not necessarily provide the best single measure of fair value for the Company s employee stock options. 
 
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model that uses various assumptions. Expected volatility is based on historical volatility of the Company s stock and other factors. The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and employee termination within the valuation model. The expected term of options granted is derived from the output of the option valuation model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual life of the option is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant, and are based partially on historical experience. 
 
 116 

Granted Stock options exercised ) Stock awards/units vested (earned) ) ) Forfeited/expired ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 Granted Stock options exercised ) Stock awards/units vested (earned) ) ) Forfeited/expired ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Granted Stock options exercised ) Stock awards/units vested (earned) ) ) Forfeited/expired ) Balance, December 31, 2022 Exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 _________________________ 
 (1) All stock units (including performance stock units). 
 
 117 

Granted Vested (earned) ) Forfeited ) Non-vested, December 31, 2020 Granted Vested (earned) ) Forfeited ) Non-vested, December 31, 2021 Granted Vested (earned) ) Forfeited ) Non-vested, December 31, 2022 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized ratably over the requisite service period for all stock-based awards. There was unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options at December 31, 2022. Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to non-vested stock awards and stock units was million at December 31, 2022. At such date, the weighted-average period over which this unrecognized expense is expected to be recognized was years. 
 
 The intrinsic value of stock options outstanding and stock options exercisable at December 31, 2022 was . Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period, which was at December 31, 2022, and the exercise price multiplied by the number of options outstanding. There were stock options exercised in 2022 with no intrinsic value. There were stock options exercised in 2021 with an intrinsic value of million. There were stock options exercised in 2020 with an intrinsic value of . 
 
 The fair value of the Company s employee stock options granted is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model requires the input of highly subjective assumptions, changes to which can materially affect the fair value estimate. There were stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 118 

NOTE 16: 

Income taxes paid Transfers of loans to foreclosed assets held for sale Transfers of premises to foreclosed assets and other real estate owned Transfers of premises to premises held for sale Transfers of other real estate owned to premises held for sale Transfer of premises held for sale to other real estate owned Transfer of premises held for sale to premises Transfers of assets held for sale to other assets Transfers of available-for-sale to held-to-maturity securities Transfers of loans to other assets held for sale 
 Transfers of deposits to other liabilities held for sale 

NOTE 17: 

million. Other income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million and included the gain on sale related to the Illinois Branch Sale of million and other income for the year ended December 31, 2020 was million, which included the gain on sales related to the Texas Branch Sale and Colorado Branch Sale of million. 
 
 Postage Telephone Credit card expense Marketing Software and technology Operating supplies Amortization of intangibles Branch right sizing expense ) Other expense Total other operating expenses 

119 

NOTE 18: 

120 

U.S. Government agencies Mortgage-backed securities State and political subdivisions Other securities Mortgage loans held for sale Derivative asset Derivative liability ) ) December 31, 2021 Available-for-sale securities U.S. Treasury U.S. Government agencies Mortgage-backed securities State and political subdivisions Other securities Mortgage loans held for sale Derivative asset Derivative liability ) ) 
 
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances. Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis include the following: 
 
 Individually assessed loans (collateral-dependent) When the Company has a specific expectation to initiate, or has initiated, foreclosure proceedings, and when the repayment of a loan is expected to be substantially dependent on the liquidation of underlying collateral, the relationship is deemed collateral-dependent. Fair value of the loan is determined by establishing an allowance for credit loss for any exposure based on the valuation of the underlying collateral. The valuation of the collateral is determined by either an independent third-party appraisal or other collateral analysis. Discounts can be made by the Company based upon the overall evaluation of the independent appraisal. Collateral-dependent loans are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy due to the unobservable inputs used in determining their fair value such as collateral values and the borrower s underlying financial condition. Collateral values supporting the individually assessed loans are evaluated quarterly for updates to appraised values or adjustments due to non-current valuations. 
 
 Foreclosed assets and other real estate owned Foreclosed assets and other real estate owned are reported at fair value, less estimated costs to sell. At foreclosure, if the fair value, less estimated costs to sell, of the real estate acquired is less than the Company s recorded investment in the related loan, a write-down is recognized through a charge to the allowance for credit losses. Additionally, valuations are periodically performed by management and any subsequent reduction in value is recognized by a charge to income. The fair value of foreclosed assets and other real estate owned is estimated using Level 3 inputs based on unobservable market data. 

121 

Foreclosed assets and other real estate owned (1) 
 December 31, 2021 Individually assessed loans (1) (2) (collateral-dependent) 
 Foreclosed assets and other real estate owned (1) 
 
 ______________________ 
 (1) These amounts represent the resulting carrying amounts on the consolidated balance sheets for collateral-dependent loans and foreclosed assets and other real estate owned for which fair value re-measurements took place during the period. 
 (2) Identified reserves of and were related to collateral-dependent loans for which fair value re-measurements took place during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 ASC Topic 825, Financial Instruments , requires disclosure in annual and interim financial statements of the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or nonrecurring basis. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments not previously disclosed. 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents The carrying amount for cash and cash equivalents approximates fair value (Level 1). 
 
 Interest bearing balances due from banks The fair value of interest bearing balances due from banks time is estimated using a discounted cash flow calculation that applies the rates currently offered on deposits of similar remaining maturities (Level 2). 
 
 Held-to-maturity securities Fair values for held-to-maturity securities equal quoted market prices, if available, such as for highly liquid government bonds (Level 1). If quoted market prices are not available, fair values are estimated based on quoted market prices of similar securities. For these securities, the Company obtains fair value measurements from an independent pricing service. The fair value measurements consider observable data that may include dealer quotes, market spreads, cash flows, the U.S. Treasury yield curve, live trading levels, trade execution data, market consensus prepayment speeds, credit information and the security s terms and conditions, among other things (Level 2). In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. 
 122 

123 

Interest bearing balances due from banks - time Held-to-maturity securities, net Interest receivable Loans, net Financial liabilities: Noninterest bearing transaction accounts Interest bearing transaction accounts and savings deposits 
 Time deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Other borrowings Subordinated notes and debentures Interest payable December 31, 2021 Financial assets: Cash and cash equivalents Interest bearing balances due from banks - time Held-to-maturity securities, net Interest receivable Loans and other loans held for sale, net Financial liabilities: Noninterest bearing transaction accounts Interest bearing transaction accounts and savings deposits 
 Time deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase 
 Other borrowings Subordinated notes and debentures Interest payable 
 
 The fair value of commitments to extend credit, letters of credit and lines of credit is not presented since management believes the fair value to be insignificant. 
 
 124 

NOTE 19: 

million and billion for credit card commitments and other loan commitments, respectively. At December 31, 2021, the Company had outstanding commitments to extend credit aggregating approximately million and billion for credit card commitments and other loan commitments, respectively. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had outstanding commitments to originate fixed-rate mortgage loans of approximately million and million respectively. The decrease as compared to the prior year is due to the rising interest rate environment and softening market conditions throughout the current year. The commitments extend over varying periods of time with the majority being disbursed within a thirty-day period. 
 
 Standby letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. Those guarantees are primarily issued to support public and private borrowing arrangements, including commercial paper, bond financing and similar transactions. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The Company had total outstanding letters of credit amounting to million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, with terms ranging from months to years. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had deferred revenue under standby letter of credit agreements. 
 
 The Company has purchased letters of credit from the FHLB as security for certain public deposits. The amount of the letters of credit was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and they expire in less than from issuance. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company did not have concentrations of 5 or more of the investment portfolio in bonds issued by a single municipality. 

NOTE 20: 

125 

126 

million and an adjustment to the reserve for unfunded commitments recorded in other liabilities of million. The Company also recorded an additional allowance for credit losses on investment securities of . The impact at adoption was reflected as an adjustment to beginning retained earnings, net of income taxes, in the amount of million. 
 
 The significant impact to the Company s allowance for credit losses at the date of adoption was driven by the substantial amount of loans acquired held by the Company. The Company had approximately one third of total loans categorized as acquired at the adoption date with very little reserve allocated to them due to the previous incurred loss impairment methodology. As such, the amount of the CECL adoption impact was greater on the Company when compared to a non-acquisitive bank. 
 
 In December 2018, the Federal Reserve, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and FDIC (collectively, the agencies issued a final rule revising regulatory capital rules in anticipation of the adoption of ASU 2016-13 that provided an option to phase in over a three year period on a straight line basis the day-one impact on earnings and Tier 1 capital (the CECL Transition Provision ). 
 
 In March 2020 and in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the agencies issued a new regulatory capital rule revising the CECL Transition Provision to delay the estimated impact on regulatory capital stemming from the implementation of ASU 2016-13. The rule provides banking organizations that implement CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period (the 2020 CECL Transition Provision ). The Company elected to apply the 2020 CECL Transition Provision. 

127 

NOTE 21: 

of the Company s assets. 

128 

in exchange for variable interest rates based on federal funds rates. 
 
 Federal Funds 
 
 The following amounts were recorded on the balance sheet related to carrying amounts and cumulative basis adjustments for fair value hedges. 
 Carrying Amount of Hedged Assets Cumulative Amount of Fair Value Hedging Adjustment Included in the Carrying Amount of Hedged Assets Line Item on the Balance Sheet (In thousands) 2022 2021 2022 2021 Investment securities - Available-for-sale 
 
 Customer Risk Management Interest Rate Swaps 
 
 The Company s qualified loan customers have the opportunity to participate in its interest rate swap program for the purpose of managing interest rate risk on their variable rate loans with the Company. The Company enters into such agreements with customers, then offsetting agreements are executed between the Company and an approved dealer counterparty to minimize market risk from changes in interest rates. The counterparty contracts are identical to customer contracts in terms of notional amounts, interest rates, and maturity dates, except for a fixed pricing spread or fee paid to the Company by the dealer counterparty. These interest rate swaps carry varying degrees of credit, interest rate and market or liquidity risks. The fair value of these derivative instruments is recognized as either derivative assets or liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company has a limited number of swaps that are standalone without a similar agreement with the loan customer. 
 
 Derivative liabilities 
 
 Risk Participation Agreements 
 
 The Company has a limited number of Risk Participation Agreement swaps, that are associated with loan participations, where the Company is not the counterparty to the interest rate swaps that are associated with the risk participation sold. The interest rate swap mark to market only impacts the Company if the swap is in a liability position to the counterparty and the customer defaults on payments to the counterparty. The notional amount of these contingent agreements is million as of December 31, 2022. 

129 

million and the corresponding Company Sell to Dealer swaps were million and the corresponding net fair value of the derivative asset and derivative liability was . The outstanding notional value as of December 31, 2021 for energy hedging Customer Sell to Company swaps were million and the corresponding Company Sell to Dealer swaps were million and the corresponding net fair value of the derivative asset and derivative liability was . 

NOTE 22: 

130 

NOTE 23: 
 of the total of its net profits, as defined, for that year combined with seventy-five percent of its retained net profits of the preceding year. At December 31, 2022, Simmons Bank had approximately million available for payment of dividends to the Company, without prior regulatory approval. Past dividends are not necessarily indicative of amounts that may be paid, or available to be paid, in future periods. 
 
 The Company s bank subsidiary is subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and its bank subsidiary must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company s capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 The risk-based capital guidelines of the Federal Reserve Board and the Arkansas State Bank Department include the definitions for (1) a well-capitalized institution, (2) an adequately-capitalized institution, and (3) an undercapitalized institution. Under the Basel III Rules effective January 1, 2015, the criteria for a well-capitalized institution are: a Tier l leverage capital ratio, an Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, total risk-based capital ratio; and a common equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio. CET1 generally consists of common stock; retained earnings; accumulated other comprehensive income and certain minority interests; all subject to applicable regulatory adjustments and deductions. 
 
 The Company and Simmons Bank must hold a capital conservation buffer of composed of CET1 capital above its minimum risk-based capital requirements. Failure to meet this capital conservation buffer would result in additional limits on dividends, other distributions and discretionary bonuses. 
 
 Quantitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy require the Company to maintain minimum amounts and ratios (set forth in the table below) of total, Tier 1 and common equity Tier 1 capital (as defined in the regulations) to risk-weighted assets (as defined) and of Tier 1 capital (as defined) to average assets (as defined). As of December 31, 2022, the Company and its subsidiary bank met all capital adequacy requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules and exceeded the fully phased in capital conservation buffer. 
 
 As of the most recent notification from regulatory agencies, Simmons Bank was well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Company and the Bank must maintain minimum total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based, common equity Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed these categories. 
 131 

N/A Simmons Bank Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Simmons First National Corporation N/A Simmons Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio Simmons First National Corporation N/A Simmons Bank Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Simmons First National Corporation N/A Simmons Bank December 31, 2021 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio Simmons First National Corporation N/A Simmons Bank Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Simmons First National Corporation N/A Simmons Bank Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio Simmons First National Corporation N/A Simmons Bank Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Simmons First National Corporation N/A Simmons Bank 
 
 132 

NOTE 24: 

Investment securities Investments in wholly-owned subsidiaries Loans Intangible assets, net Premises and equipment Other assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Long-term debt Other liabilities Total liabilities STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Preferred stock Common stock Surplus Undivided profits Accumulated other comprehensive loss: Unrealized depreciation on available-for-sale securities, net of income taxes of ) and ) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 133 

Other income Income EXPENSE Income before income taxes and equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries 
 Provision for income taxes ) ) ) Income before equity in undistributed net income of subsidiaries Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of subsidiaries ) NET INCOME Preferred stock dividends NET INCOME AVAILABLE TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS 

Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 and 2020 
 
 OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Equity in other comprehensive income (loss) of subsidiaries ) ) COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) ) 

134 

Items not requiring (providing) cash Stock-based compensation expense Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Equity in undistributed net income (loss) of bank subsidiaries ) ) Changes in: Other assets ) ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net collections (originations) of loans ) Net (purchases of) proceeds from premises and equipment ) ) ) (Advances to) repayment for subsidiaries ) Cash acquired (paid) in business combinations ) Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES (Repayment) issuance of long-term debt, net ) ) ) (Cancellation) issuance of common stock, net ) ) Stock repurchases ) ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Preferred stock retirement ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR 
 135 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) was carried out as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer have concluded that the Company s current disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls. Our management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, regularly review our disclosure controls and procedures and make changes intended to ensure the quality of our financial reporting. There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the Company s fourth quarter of its 2022 fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 (c) Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting, as well as the audit report of FORVIS, LLP on the Company s internal control over financial reporting are included in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and are incorporated herein by this reference. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 136 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 This information is incorporated herein by reference from the Company s definitive proxy statement for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held April 18, 2023 , to be filed pursuant to Regulation 14A within 120 days of the Company s fiscal year-end (the Proxy Statement under the captions Proposal 2 - Election of Directors, Audit Committee, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Code of Ethics, Executive Officers, and the last two paragraphs under the caption Transactions with Related Persons. 
 
 The table below also sets forth the names and principal occupations of the Company s executive officers. 
 
 Name Principal Occupation 
 George A. Makris, Jr. Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board Robert A. Fehlman Chief Executive Officer James M. Brogdon President and Chief Financial Officer Stephen C. Massanelli Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer Matthew S. Reddin Executive Vice President and Chief Banking Officer, Simmons Bank George A. Makris III Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary Jennifer B. Compton Executive Vice President and Chief People Officer David W. Garner Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer Ann Madea Executive Vice President and Chief Information Officer Chad Rawls Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer, Simmons Bank Brad Yaney Executive Vice President of Credit Risk Management, Simmons Bank 
 _________________ 
 The officer holds the positions at both the Company and Simmons Bank. 
 
 The table below also sets forth the names, principal occupations, and employers of the Company s directors. 
 
 Name Principal Occupation and Employer 
 Dean Bass Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Spirit of Texas Bancshares, Inc. and Spirit of Texas Bank, SSB Jay Burchfield Retired Chairman, Ozark Trust and Investment Corp. Marty D. Casteel Retired Senior Executive Vice President of the Company; Retired Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Simmons Bank William E. Clark, II Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Clark Contractors, LLC Steven A. Coss Retired President and Chief Executive Officer, Murphy Oil Corporation Mark C. Doramus Chief Financial Officer, Stephens Inc. Edward Drilling Retired Senior Vice President of External and Regulatory Affairs, AT T Inc. Eugene Hunt Attorney, Hunt Law Firm Jerry Hunter Senior Counsel, Bryan Cave Leighton Paisner LLP Susan Lanigan Retired Executive Vice President and General Counsel, Chico s FAS, Inc. George A. Makris, Jr. Executive Chairman and Chairman of the Board, the Company and Simmons Bank W. Scott McGeorge Chairman, Pine Bluff Sand and Gravel Company Tom Purvis Partner, L2L Development Advisors, LLC Robert L. Shoptaw Retired Executive, Arkansas Blue Cross and Blue Shield Julie Stackhouse Retired Executive Vice President, Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Russell W. Teubner Distinguished Engineer, Broadcom, Inc. Mindy West Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, Murphy USA Inc 
 
 137 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 This information is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement under the captions Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Discussion and Analysis, Relationship of Compensation Policies and Practices to Risk Management, Summary of Compensation and Other Payments to the Named Executive Officers, 2022 Pay Ratio Disclosure, Director Compensation, and 2022 Director Compensation. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 This information is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 This information is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement under the captions Transactions with Related Persons, Policies and Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions, and the first two paragraphs under the caption Proposal 2 Election of Directors. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 This information is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and the fourth paragraph under the caption Audit Committee. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) 1 and 2. Financial Statements and any Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 The financial statements and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index to the consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedules are filed as part of this report. 
 
 (b) Listing of Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Rogers Bancshares, Inc., dated as of September 10, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 17, 2013 (File No. 000-06253)). 2.2 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 24, 2014, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Delta Trust Banking Corporation (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed by Simmons First National Corporation on July 23, 2014 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 2.3 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 6, 2014, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Community First Bancshares, Inc., as amended on September 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed by Simmons First National Corporation on October 8, 2014 (File No. 000-06253)). 2.4 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 27, 2014, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Liberty Bancshares, Inc., as amended on September 11, 2014 (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed by Simmons First National Corporation on October 8, 2014 (File No. 000-06253)). 2.5 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 28, 2015, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Ozark Trust Investment Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K for April 29, 2015 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 138 

Exhibit No. Description 2.6 
 Stock Purchase Agreement by and among Citizens National Bank, Citizens National Bancorp, Inc. and Simmons First National Corporation, dated as of May 18, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K for May 18, 2016 (File No. 000-06253)). 2.7 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 17, 2016, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Hardeman County Investment Company, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K for November 17, 2016 (File No. 000-06253)). 2.8 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 14, 2016, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Southwest Bancorp, Inc., as amended on July 19, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.11 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 (File No. 000-06253)). 2.9 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 23, 2017, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and First Texas, BHC, Inc., as amended on July 19, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.12 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 (File No. 000-06253)). 2.10 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 13, 2018, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Reliance Bancshares, Inc., as amended on February 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b)(3) by Simmons First National Corporation filed on March 4, 2019 (File No. 333-229378)). 2.11 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 30, 2019, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and The Landrum Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Simmons First National Corporation Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 31, 2019 (File No. 000-6253)). 2.12 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 4, 2021, by and among Simmons First National Corporation, Simmons Bank and Landmark Community Bank (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed under the Securities Act of 1933 by Simmons First National Corporation on July 21, 2021 (File No. 333-258059)). 2.13 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 4, 2021, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Triumph Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex B to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed under the Securities Act of 1933 by Simmons First National Corporation on July 21, 2021 (File No. 333-258059)). 2.14 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 18, 2021, by and between Simmons First National Corporation and Spirit of Texas Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Annex A to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed under the Securities Act of 1933 by Simmons First National Corporation on January 18, 2022 (File No. 333-261842)). 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Simmons First National Corporation, as amended on July 14, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed under the Securities Act of 1933 by Simmons First National Corporation on July 21, 2021 (File No. 333-258059)). 3.2 
 Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Simmons First National Corporation, dated August 3, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 (File No. 000-06253)). 3.3 
 Amended and Restated By-Laws of Simmons First National Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2022 (File No. 000-06253)). 4.1 Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures. Simmons First National Corporation hereby agrees to furnish copies of instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. No issuance of debt exceeds ten percent of the total assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 4.2 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 
 139 

Exhibit No. Description 10.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Simmons First National Corporation 2015 Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.2 
 Form of Associate Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.3 
 Form of Associate Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.4 
 Form of Associate Performance Share Unit Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.5 
 Form of Associate Performance Share Unit Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (2021) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.6 
 Form of Associate Performance Share Unit Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.7 
 Form of Associate Cash Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.8 
 Form of Associate Cash Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.9 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.10 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Unit Award Certificate and Terms and Conditions (2022) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.11 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement for Marty D. Casteel dated January 22, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.12 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement for George A. Makris, Jr. dated January 2, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 7, 2013 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.13 
 Amendment to Deferred Compensation Agreement for George A. Makris, Jr. dated January 25, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.14 
 Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Agreement for Robert A. Fehlman effective February 27, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.15 
 First Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement for George A. Makris, Jr. dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 
 140 

Exhibit No. Description 10.16 
 First Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement for Stephen C. Massanelli dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on April 1, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.17 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement for Marty D. Casteel dated January 25, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 29, 2010 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.18 
 Amended and Restated Executive Severance Agreement for Robert A. Fehlman dated March 1, 2006 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 2, 2006 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.19 
 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Severance Agreement for Robert A. Fehlman dated March, 1, 2006. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.20 
 Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Executive Severance Agreement for Robert A. Fehlman dated March 1, 2006. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.21 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement for Jennifer B. Compton dated February 28, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (File No. 000-06235)). 
 10.22 
 First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Agreement for Jennifer B. Compton dated July 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 (File No. 000-06235)). 
 10.23 
 First Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement for Jennifer B. Compton dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.24 
 First Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement for David Garner dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.25 
 First Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement for George A. Makris III dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.26 
 First Amended and Restated Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement for Matthew S. Reddin dated March 26, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.27 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement for George A. Makris III dated March 11, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.28 
 First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Agreement for George A. Makris III dated July 27, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 (File No. 000-06235)). 
 10.29 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement for Matthew Reddin dated March 7, 2017. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.30 
 First Amendment to Deferred Compensation Agreement for Matthew Reddin dated August 4, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2022 (File No. 000-06235)). 
 
 141 

Exhibit No. Description 10.31 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement for David Garner dated January 2, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 
 10.32 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.33 
 Indemnification Agreement for James M. Brogdon dated July 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.34 
 Executive Change in Control Severance Agreement for James M. Brogdon dated July 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.35 
 Deferred Compensation Agreement for James M. Brogdon dated July 30, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 5, 2021 (File No. 000-06253)). 10.36 
 Simmons First National Corporation Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2022). 14.1 
 Amended and Restated Simmons First National Corporation Code of Ethics (as amended and restated on July 23, 2020) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Simmons First National Corporation s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2020 (File No. 000-06253)). 14.2 
 Finance Group Code of Ethics, dated July 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Simmons First National Corporation s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2003 (File No. 000-06253)). 21 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23 
 Consent of FORVIS, LLP. 31.1 
 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification Robert A. Fehlman, Chief Executive Officer. 31.2 
 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification James M. Brogdon, President and Chief Financial Officer. 31.3 
 Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) Certification David W. Garner, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sections 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Robert A. Fehlman, Chief Executive Officer. 32.2 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sections 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 James M. Brogdon, President and Chief Financial Officer. 32.3 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sections 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 David W. Garner, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. / 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. / 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. / 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. / 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase. / 
 142 

Exhibit No. Description 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. / 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise are not subject to liability under those sections. Management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None. 
 143 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 /s/ James M. Brogdon February 27, 2023 James M. Brogdon, President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated on or about February 27, 2023. 
 
 Signature Title /s/ George A. Makris, Jr. Executive Chairman and Director George A. Makris, Jr. /s/ Robert A. Fehlman Chief Executive Officer Robert A. Fehlman (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ James M. Brogdon President and Chief Financial Officer James M. Brogdon (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ David W. Garner Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer David W. Garner (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Dean Bass Director Dean Bass /s/ Jay Burchfield Director Jay Burchfield /s/ Marty D. Casteel Director Marty D. Casteel /s/ William E. Clark, II Director William E. Clark, II /s/ Steven A. Coss Director Steven A. Coss /s/ Mark C. Doramus Director Mark C. Doramus /s/ Edward Drilling Director Edward Drilling /s/ Eugene Hunt Director Eugene Hunt 
 144 

/s/ Jerry M. Hunter Director Jerry M. Hunter /s/ Susan Lanigan Director Susan Lanigan /s/ W. Scott McGeorge Director W. Scott McGeorge /s/ Tom Purvis Director Tom Purvis /s/ Robert L. Shoptaw Director Robert L. Shoptaw /s/ Julie Stackhouse Director Julie Stackhouse /s/ Russell W. Teubner Director Russell W. Teubner /s/ Mindy West Director Mindy West 
 145 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 sfnc-123122xex42descriptio.htm
 EX-4.2-DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED UNDER SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 Simmons First National Corporation s Company, we, us, or our Class A Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share common stock ), is the only class of its securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF COMMON STOCK 
 
 The following description of our common stock and the relevant provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation (as amended) Articles and amended and restated by-laws By-laws is a summary and does not purport to be complete. The description is not exhaustive and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our Articles and By-laws, as well as to applicable federal and state law. Our Articles and By-laws are included as exhibits to our Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 forms a part. We encourage you to carefully read our Articles, By-laws, and the applicable provisions of federal and state law for additional information. 
 
 General 
 
 Pursuant to the Articles, we are authorized to issue 350,000,000 shares of common stock and 40,040,000 shares of preferred stock preferred stock ). 
 
 Our common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The holders of our common stock are entitled to receive ratably dividends when and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available thereof. 
 
 Holders of our debt securities have priority to distributions and payment over holders of our common stock. Under the terms of our preferred stock, our ability to declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire, shares of our common stock is subject to certain restrictions in the event that we do not declare and pay (or have set aside) dividends on the preferred stock for the most recent dividend period. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 A majority of the votes entitled to be cast, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of the shareholders. 
 
 The holders of our common stock have one vote per share on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders. 

In an uncontested election, directors are elected by a majority of the votes cast by the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. In a contested election, directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. 
 
 There are no cumulative voting rights for the election of directors. 
 
 Preemptive and Other Rights 
 
 Holders of our common stock have no preemptive, subscription, redemption, sinking fund or conversion rights. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 In the event of our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining after payment of liabilities and the liquidation preference of any outstanding preferred stock. 
 
 Classification of the Board 
 
 Our board of directors is not classified. 
 
 Antitakeover Effects of Certain Provisions in our Articles 
 
 Our Articles contain certain provisions that could delay, discourage or prevent an attempted acquisition or change of control of the Company. 
 
 Our Articles define Interested Stockholder to mean any person (other than the Company) who 
 
 (i) is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 10 of our common stock or 
 
 (ii) is an affiliate of the Company and at any time within two years prior thereto was the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of not less than 6 of the then outstanding shares of common stock. 
 
 Article ELEVENTH requires the approval of shareholders owning at least 80 of our common stock for any acquisition of the Company by merger or consolidation or by asset acquisition unless approved by the affirmative vote of 80 of the directors who were in office prior to the proponent of the acquisition becoming an Interested Stockholder (or if the proponent is not an Interested Stockholder, the affirmative vote of 80 of all directors). 

Article THIRTEENTH of our Articles requires our board of directors to consider the following matters prior to making any recommendation concerning any tender offer, merger offer or other acquisitive offer for our shares or assets 
 
 a. the likely impact on us, our subsidiaries, shareholders and employees and the communities served by us 
 
 a. the timeliness of the proposed transaction considering the business climate and our strategic plans 
 
 a. the possibility of any legal defects or regulatory issues involved in the proposed transaction 
 
 a. the risk of non-consummation of the transaction due to lack of financing, regulatory issues or other identified risks 
 
 a. current market price of our common stock and consolidated assets 
 
 a. book value of our common stock 
 
 a. the relationship of the offered price for our common stock to our board of directors opinion of our current value in a negotiated transaction 
 
 a. the relationship of the offered price for our common stock to our board of directors opinion of our future value as an independent entity and 
 
 a. such other factors as our board of directors may deem pertinent. 
 
 Article FOURTEENTH requires the affirmative vote of 80 of the shares entitled to vote to amend, repeal or modify any provision of our Articles unless such amendment, repeal or modification is approved by 80 of the directors who were in office prior to the proponent of any business combination becoming an Interested Stockholder (or if the proponent is not an Interested Stockholder, the approval of 80 of all directors). 
 
 Finally, our board of directors, without shareholder approval, has the authority under our Articles to issue preferred stock with rights superior to the rights of the holders of common stock. As a result, preferred stock, while not intended as a defensive measure against takeovers, could be issued quickly and easily, which may adversely affect the rights of holders of common stock and could make it more difficult or time consuming for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock or otherwise effect a change of control. Within certain limits, our board of directors may issue preferred stock for capital raising transactions, acquisitions, joint ventures or other corporate purposes that has the effect of making an acquisition of the Company more difficult or costly. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Computershare Limited. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.36>
 3
 sfnc-123122xex1036director.htm
 EX-10.36-DIRECTORS DEFERRED COMP PLAN

Document 

Exhibit 10.36 
 
 SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 DIRECTORS DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 (Amended and Restated Effective December 31, 2022) 

The Simmons First National Corporation Directors Deferred Compensation Plan (the Plan is hereby amended and restated effective December 31, 2022, by Simmons First National Corporation and its affiliates which have executed an Adoption Schedule attached hereto (each a Sponsoring Company to freeze participation and deferrals in the Plan. The Plan was originally adopted to provide a vehicle to allow the eligible directors of each Sponsoring Company to defer all or a portion of their director fees. 
 
 1. Eligible Directors Eligible Deferrals. Any non employee director (including advisory directors and community directors) of any Sponsoring Company may defer all or any portion of his or her director fees, including retainer fees and committee and board meeting fees. Deferrals may not be made with respect to any other amounts. An eligible director may elect to become an active participant by filing an election to defer eligible director fees. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan, no individual who is not already an active participant shall become a participant on or after January 1, 2023. 
 
 2. Timing of Deferral. Within thirty (30) days of the establishment of the Plan, all eligible directors, and, in the event of a new eligible director, within thirty (30) days of the date the person first becomes an eligible director, such person may file the appropriate election form with the Sponsoring Company, and such election shall remain in effect for the balance of the calendar year. Any election made by an eligible director will continue for the eligible director fees receivable by such director during any subsequent calendar year, unless the director terminates or modifies the election prior to the beginning of the calendar year for which the termination or modification is to be effective. Any non-participating eligible director may elect to participate in the Plan for any future calendar year by filing the appropriate election form with the Sponsoring Company prior to the beginning of the calendar year for which participation is elected. All contribution elections shall be irrevocable once the calendar year has commenced. Notwithstanding any other provision in the Plan, no elections, whether currently in effect or new, to defer eligible director fees shall become effective for director fees earned on or after January 1, 2023. 
 
 3. Deferred Compensation Account. The Sponsoring Company shall establish on its books an account for each eligible director who elects to participate for the purpose of reflecting the deferred compensation and any credited earnings as provided under Section 4. 

4. Credited Earnings. The deferred compensation account for each participating director shall be credited with earnings on the last day of each calendar quarter. Earnings shall be credited based on the deferred compensation account balance of such individual as of the last day of the preceding calendar quarter, less any distributions made during such calendar quarter. The credited earnings rate shall be set quarterly effective on the first day of each calendar quarter and shall equal the yield (based upon the asked price) on the 10-year U. S. Treasury security as of the last business day of the preceding calendar quarter. Notwithstanding the freeze of deferrals to the Plan as provided in Section 2, earnings shall continue to be credited on and after January 1, 2023, in accordance with this Section 4. 
 
 5. Time of Payment. A participant in the Plan shall be eligible to receive a distribution of his or her deferred compensation account commencing on either (1) the first day of the calendar year following the date the individual no longer serves as a director of the Sponsoring Company, or (2) the first day of the month following the age specified in the deferred compensation agreement completed by the eligible director. Once the eligible director selects a distribution date, such date may not be changed by subsequent election. 
 
 6. Form of Payment. At the time of initial participation, each eligible director shall make an election as to form of payment of all sums thereafter credited to his deferred compensation account. In making such designation, the eligible director may designate payment in the form of a single lump sum payment or payment in annual installment payments payable for not less than two (2) but not more than five (5) years. Credited earnings shall continue to be credited in accordance with Section 4 during any installment payout period. If for any reason the eligible director fails to make an effective designation under this Section 6, payment of his or her account shall be made in the form of a single lump sum payment. 
 
 7. Death Benefit. If an eligible director shall die with a balance credited to his or her account, the vested balance shall be paid to his or her beneficiary, as is designated on his or her deferred compensation election or as changed from time to time. All amounts shall be payable to the beneficiary in the same form as elected by the eligible employee pursuant to Section 5, but commencing as of the first day of the succeeding calendar year. In the absence of an effective designation of a beneficiary, the balance credited to his or her account shall be paid to such deceased director's estate. 
 
 8. Loans and Withdrawals. An eligible director shall not be permitted to borrow from his or her account or to withdraw from his or her account other than in accordance with his or her deferred compensation election. 
 
 9. Withholding of Taxes. The Sponsoring Company shall have the right to deduct from all payments made under the Plan any federal, state, or local taxed required by law to be withheld with respect to such payments. 
 
 10. Account Statements. The Sponsoring Company shall provide each eligible participating director with a statement of the status of his or her account under the Plan, at least annually or on a more frequent basis as the Company may determine from time to time. 

11. Funding. The Sponsoring Company is under a contractual obligation to make the payments from the deferred compensation account when due. All amounts paid under the Plan shall be paid in cash or cash equivalents. The account shall be reflected on the accounting records of the Sponsoring Company, but such records shall not be construed to create, or require the creation of, a trust, custodian or escrow account with respect to any eligible director. No participant shall have any right, title or interest whatsoever in or to any investment reserves, accounts or funds that the Sponsoring Company may purchase, establish or accumulate to aid in providing the benefit payments described in the Plan. Nothing contained in the Plan, and no action taken pursuant to its provisions, shall create or be construed to create a trust or a fiduciary relationship of any kind between the Sponsoring Company and a participant or any other person. Participants and beneficiaries shall not acquire any interest under the Plan greater than that of an unsecured general creditor of the Sponsoring Company. 
 
 12. Amendment or Termination. Subject to Section 13, the Board of Simmons First National Corporation, in its absolute discretion, without notice, at any time and from time to time, may modify and amend or suspend or terminate the Plan, and the Board of any other Sponsoring Company, in its absolute discretion, may suspend or terminate its participation under the Plan, provided that no modification, amendment, suspension or termination may, without the consent of an eligible director, reduce the amount previously allocated to the eligible director's deferred compensation account. In the event of termination, subject to Section 13, the Sponsoring Company may elect to pay all accounts of participants immediately, in which case the Sponsoring Company will have no further liability under the Plan. 
 
 13. Section 409A . The Plan is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and applicable regulations and rulings promulgated thereunder Code Section 409A with respect to all amounts that are not Grandfathered Amounts (as defined below) and shall be interpreted and administered in a manner as to comply with the requirements of Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, no amendment or termination of the Plan shall be effective (i) to the extent that it would cause any amounts deferred under the Plan prior to January 1, 2005 that were vested as of December 31, 2004, and earnings thereon (the Grandfathered Amounts to no longer be exempt from Code Section 409A or (ii) to the extent it violates the requirements of Code Section 409A. Each amount to be paid under the Plan shall be construed as a separate and distinct payment for purposes of Code Section 409A. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Code Section 409A, the director shall not be considered to have terminated service with the Sponsoring Company for purposes of any payments under the Plan which are subject to Code Section 409A until the director would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Sponsoring Company within the meaning of Code Section 409A. 
 
 14. Merger or Consolidation. In the event that a Sponsoring Company should be liquidated, dissolved or become a party to a merger or consolidation where the Sponsoring Company is not the surviving corporation, the Plan with respect to such Sponsoring Company shall terminate at the time of such event, unless the successor or acquiring corporation shall elect to continue and carry on the Plan. In the event such Plan termination occurs, Section 12 shall become applicable. 

15. Non transferability. No right or interest of any participant in the Plan shall be assignable or transferable, or subject to any lien, directly by operation of law, or otherwise, including execution, levy, garnishment, attachment, pledge and bankruptcy. 
 
 16. Binding Effect. The Plan shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of each Sponsoring Company, its respective successors and assigns, and the participants, their heirs, executors, administrators and legal assigns. 
 
 17. Applicable Law. The Plan, all documents in connection herein and all distributions hereunder shall be governed, construed and regulated in accordance with the laws of the state of Arkansas. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Simmons First National Corporation has caused this amended and restated Plan document to be executed in its name and on its behalf by its officers duly authorized on this 31 st day of December, 2022. 
 
 SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION 

By s George A. Makris, Jr. Name George A. Makris, Jr. Title Chairman and CEO 

</EX-10.36>

<EX-21>
 4
 sfnc-123122xex21listofsubs.htm
 EX-21-SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Document 

Exhibit 21 
 
 SIMMONS FIRST NATIONAL CORPORATION 
 DIRECT AND INDIRECT SUBSIDIARIES 
 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Name of Direct or Indirect Subsidiary 
 State of Incorporation or Organization 
 Simmons Bank 
 AR 
 Simmons First Investment Group, Inc. 
 AR 
 Simmons First Insurance Services, Inc. 
 AR 
 Simmons First Properties, Inc. 
 TN 
 Simmons First Insurance Services of TN, LLC 
 TN 
 FS Providence PCC of Grenada, LLC 
 TN 
 Providence PCC of Grenada, LLC 
 MS 
 Simmons First Special Assets, Inc. 
 TN 
 PSH LLC 
 MO 
 Simmons First Auto, Inc. 
 TN 
 Simmons First Investments, Inc. 
 NV 
 Simmons First REIT of MO, LLC 
 MO 
 Simmons First SW REIT, Inc. 
 DE 
 Simmons First REIT of TN, Inc. 
 MD 
 Harob, Inc. 
 TX 
 Heartland Insurance, LLC 
 AR 
 Simmons NMTC Holding, LLC 
 AR 
 Stillwater NMTC, LLC 
 OK 
 Stillwater NMTC Investment Fund II, LLC 
 OK 
 AAC Investment Fund, LLC 
 AR 
 Santa Ana Holdings, LLC 
 MO 
 SWC PPR, LLC 
 AZ 
 Venture Holding Company, LLC 
 TN 
 Heartland Bank Liquidating Trust 
 AR 
 Cradduck LMB Investment Fund 2, LLC 
 MO 
 REI Subsidiary CDE 12, LLC 
 OK 
 SWB Recovery Corp. 
 TX 
 Simmons First Risk Management, Inc. 
 NV 
 SF Real Estate Holdings, Inc. 
 AR 
 Beacon Village Tax Credit Fund, L.L.C. 
 MO 

Beacon Village, LP 
 MO 
 Capital Partners Series SB II, LLC 
 MO 
 Capital Partners Series SB III, LLC 
 MO 
 Capital Partners Series SB IV, LLC 
 MO 
 Capital Partners Series SB, LLC 
 MO 
 Gateway Neighborhood Fund I, LLC 
 MO 
 Raintree LMB, LLC 
 MO 
 Stockton Community Development Corporation 
 MO 
 Tax Credit Holdings Vandeventer, LLC 
 MO 
 Vandeventer Place, LP 
 MO 
 The Successful Investors, LLC 
 MO 
 Tax Credit Holdings Woodbury II, LLC 
 MO 
 Woodbury Place II, LP 
 MO 
 Tax Credit Holding Jennings II, LLC 
 MO 
 Jennings Place II, LP 
 MO 
 Capital Partners Series SB V, LLC 
 MO 
 Capital Partners Series SB VI, LLC 
 MO 
 PR RT, LLC 
 MO 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 5
 sfnc-123122xex23forviscons.htm
 EX-23-FORVIS CONSENT

Document 

Exhibit 23 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (Registration No. 333-254919) and the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Registration Nos. 333-134240, 333-134241, 333-134276, 333-134301, 333-134356, 333-138629, 333-186253, 333-186254, 333-197708, 333-206160, 333-234166 and 333-239309) of Simmons First National Corporation (the Company) of our report dated February 27, 2023, on our audits of the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, which report is included in this annual report on Form 10-K. We also consent to the incorporation by reference of our report dated February 27, 2023, on our audit of the internal control over financial reporting of the Company as of December 31, 2022, which report is included in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 FORVIS, LLP (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 
 s FORVIS, LLP 

Little Rock, Arkansas 
 February 27, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 sfnc-123122xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Robert A. Fehlman., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Simmons First National Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 s Robert A. Fehlman 
 Robert A. Fehlman 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 sfnc-123122xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, James M. Brogdon, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Simmons First National Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 s James M. Brogdon 
 James M. Brogdon 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 8
 sfnc-123122xex313.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

Exhibit 31.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David W. Garner, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Simmons First National Corporation 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 
 
 s David W. Garner 
 David W. Garner 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 sfnc-123122xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Simmons First National Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert A. Fehlman, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 

s Robert A. Fehlman 
 Robert A. Fehlman 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 sfnc-123122xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Simmons First National Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James M. Brogdon, President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 

s James M. Brogdon 
 President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-32.3>
 11
 sfnc-123122xex323.htm
 EX-32.3

Document 

Exhibit 32.3 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Simmons First National Corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David W. Garner, Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 27, 2023 

s David W. Garner 
 David W. Garner 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 

</EX-32.3>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 sfnc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 13
 sfnc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 sfnc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 sfnc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 sfnc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

