<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1533743_0001493152-23-009730.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>104477456</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>331389</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>98936033</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1940705</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1513941</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1609849</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009730.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160127
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009730
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001533743
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				451539785
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39531
		FILM NUMBER:		23780556

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7380 COCA COLA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 106
		CITY:			HANOVER
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21076
		BUSINESS PHONE:		443-776-3133

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7380 COCA COLA DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 106
		CITY:			HANOVER
		STATE:			MD
		ZIP:			21076

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Heatwurx, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20111028

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009730.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

Annual Report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

or 

Transitional Report under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 
 (IRS
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

 ,

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of Each Class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Stock Market LLC 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its managements assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal controls over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the
most recently completed second quarter, based upon the closing price of Common Stock on such date as reported on Nasdaq Capital Market,
was approximately million. 

The
number of outstanding shares of the registrant s common stock as of March 27, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

Table
of Contents 

Part I 

Item
 1. 
 Business. 
 5 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 27 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 47 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties. 
 47 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. 
 47 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 47 

Part II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 47 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 48 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 49 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 57 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 57 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 58 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 58 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 59 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 59 

Part III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 59 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 59 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 59 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 59 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 59 

Part IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 60 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

Signatures 
 
 61 

2 

GLOSSARY
OF CERTAIN SCIENTIFIC TERMS 

The
medical and scientific terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K have the following meanings: 

Active
metabolite means a drug that is processed by the body into an altered form which effects the body. 

Agonist 
means a chemical/drug that binds to a receptor in the body and activates that receptor to produce a biological response. 

Analog 
means a compound having a structure similar to that of an approved drug but differing from it with respect to a certain component of
the molecule which may cause it to have similar or different effects on the body. 

cGCP 
means current Good Clinical Practices. The FDA and other regulatory agencies promulgate regulations and standards, commonly referred
to as current Good Clinical Practices, for designing, conducting, monitoring, auditing and reporting the results of clinical trials to
ensure that the data and results are accurate and that the rights and welfare of trial participants are adequately protected. 

cGMP 
means current Good Manufacturing Practices. The FDA and other regulatory agencies promulgate regulations and standards, commonly referred
to as current Good Manufacturing Practices, which include requirements relating to quality control and quality assurance, as well as
the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. 

CMO 
means Contract Manufacturing Organization. 

CRO 
means Contract Research Organization. 

Deuterated
analog means a small molecule in which one or more of the hydrogen atoms are replaced by deuterium. 

EMA 
means the European Medicines Agency. 

FDA 
means the Food and Drug Administration. 

IND 
means an Investigational New Drug Application. Before testing a new drug on human subjects, the company must file an IND with the FDA.
Information must be produced on the absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion properties of the drug and detailed protocols
for testing on human subjects must be submitted. 

Indication 
means a condition which makes a particular treatment or procedure advisable. 

Moiety 
means an active or functional part of a molecule. 

NDA 
means a New Drug Application submitted to the FDA. Under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938, an NDA is submitted to the FDA enumerating
the uses of the drug and providing evidence of its safety. 

NGC 
means Next Generation Chemotherapy, referring to the drugs in our pipeline
that have active cancer killing metabolites that are the same or have very similar chemical structure to existing FDA-approved chemotherapy
treatments, resulting in our NGCs killing cancer cells following the same mechanism as the FDA-approved treatments. 

NL 
means Necrobiosis Lipoidica, a rare chronic and granulomatous disorder. 

3 

SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements
of historical facts contained in this Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements
by words such as anticipate, believe, contemplate, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, 
 project, seek, should, target, will, would, or the
negative of these words or other comparable terminology. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and
projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results of operations, strategy, short-
and long-term business operations and objectives, and financial needs. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, including those described in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Moreover, we
operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management
to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of
factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of
these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Form 10-K may not occur, and
actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Given these
uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. These risks are discussed more fully in the Risk
Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: 

our
 ability to obtain funding for our future operations; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approval of our product candidates; 

our
 ability to contract with third-party suppliers, manufacturers and other service providers and their ability to perform adequately; 

the
 potential market size, opportunity and growth potential for our product candidates, if approved; 

our
 ability to build our own sales and marketing capabilities, or seek collaborative partners, to commercialize our product candidates,
 if approved; 

our
 ability to retain the continued service of our key professionals and to identify, hire and retain additional qualified professionals; 

our
 ability to advance product candidates into, and successfully complete, clinical trials; 

our
 ability to recruit and enroll suitable patients in our clinical trials; 

the
 initiation, timing, progress and results of clinical trials and pre-clinical studies for our NGC drugs; 

the
 timing or likelihood of the accomplishment of various scientific, clinical, regulatory filings and approvals and other product development
 objectives; 

the
 pricing and reimbursement of our product candidates, if approved; 

the
 rate and degree of market acceptance of our product candidates by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical
 community, if approved; 

the
 implementation of our business model, strategic plans for our business, product candidates and technology; 

the
 scope of protection we are able to establish and maintain for intellectual property rights covering our product candidates and technology; 

developments
 relating to our competitors and our industry; 

the
 accuracy of our estimates regarding expenses, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; and 

our
 financial performance. 

You
should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in the forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this Form 10-K, we cannot guarantee that the future results, levels
of activity, performance or events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements will be achieved or occur. We undertake
no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Form 10-K to conform these statements
to new information, actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 

You
should read this Form 10-K and the documents that we reference in this Form 10-K and have filed with the SEC as exhibits with the understanding
that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance, and events and circumstances may be materially different from what we
expect. 

In
this Form 10-K, we, us , our , Processa and the Company refer to
Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and its subsidiary. 

4 

Part
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on utilizing the Processa Regulatory Science Approach, including the principles
associated with FDA s Project Optimus Oncology initiative and the related FDA Draft Guidance, in the development of Next Generation
Chemotherapy (NGC) oncology drug products. Our mission is to provide better treatment options than those that presently exist by extending
a patient s survival and/or improving a patient s quality of life. This is achieved by taking FDA-approved, widely used oncology
drugs or the cancer killing metabolites of these drugs and altering how they are metabolized and/or distributed in the body, including
how they are distributed to the actual cancer cells. 

Regulatory
science was conceived in the early 1990s when the founders of Processa and other faculty at the University of Maryland worked with
the FDA to develop multiple FDA Guidances. Over the last 30 years, two of our founders, Dr. David Young and Dr. Sian Bigora,
have expanded the original regulatory science concept to include other factors, such as the principles of Project Optimus, that can
affect the risk-benefit analyses that FDA conducts for every FDA drug approval. In fact, the principles of FDA s Project
Optimus have been used by Drs. Young and Bigora to identify and justify an optimal dosage regimen for a number of
non-oncology FDA-approved drugs. The Processa Regulatory Science Approach and our past experience with the principles of Project Optimus differentiates us from
other biotechnology companies by focusing us not only on the clinical science, but also on the equally important regulatory process.
We believe utilizing the Processa Regulatory Science Approach provides us with three distinct advantages: 

greater efficiencies (e.g., the right study design and study readouts); 
 
 greater possibility of drug approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities;
and 
 
 improvement over existing therapy and greater acceptance by patients/doctors. 

In
January 2023, we announced our strategic prioritization to advance our pipeline of Next Generation Chemotherapy proprietary small
molecule oncology drugs. By changing either the metabolism, distribution and/or elimination of already FDA-approved cancer drugs
while maintaining the mechanism of how the drug kills cancer cells, we believe our three Next Generation Chemotherapy (NGC)
treatments will provide improved safety-efficacy profiles when compared to their currently marketed counterparts - capecitabine,
gemcitabine, and irinotecan. All future studies of these drugs are subject to availability of capital to conduct the
trials. 

The
three NGC treatments in our pipeline are as follows: 

NGC-Capecitabine is a combination of PCS6422 and capecitabine. NGC-Capecitabine
alters the metabolism of capecitabine without having any clinically meaningful biological effect itself. In clinical trials, NGC-Capecitabine
has a safety profile different than capecitabine when administered by itself. Side effects, such as Hand-Foot Syndrome (HFS) and cardiotoxicity
that typically occur in 50-70 of patients treated with capecitabine and caused by specific capecitabine metabolites that are not formed
to any extent with NGC-Capecitabine, do not appear to be side effects associated with NGC-Capecitabine. These types of toxicities can
result in decreased doses, interrupted doses or discontinuation of treatment with capecitabine. In addition, NGC-Capecitabine has been
found to be greater than 50 times more potent than capecitabine based on the systemic exposure of the capecitabine metabolite 5-FU, which
is metabolized to the cancer-killing metabolites. Like capecitabine, NGC-Capecitabine could be used to treat patients with various cancers,
such as metastatic colorectal, gastrointestinal, breast, and pancreatic. We estimate at least 200,000 patients in the United States were
diagnosed in 2022 with metastatic colorectal, gastrointestinal, breast, and pancreatic cancers. In mid-April of 2023, we are scheduled
to begin discussions with the FDA regarding the design of our Phase 2B trial and Project Optimus in order to initiate the Phase 2B trial
in the second half of 2023. 

NGC-Gemcitabine (also identified as PCS3117) is an oral analog of gemcitabine
that is converted to its active metabolite by a different enzyme system than gemcitabine resulting in a positive response in gemcitabine
patients as well as some gemcitabine treatment-resistant patients. Like gemcitabine, NGC-Gemcitabine could be used to treat patients with
various cancers such as pancreatic, lung, ovarian, and breast. We estimate at least 275,000 patients in the United States were diagnosed
in 2022 with pancreatic, lung, ovarian, and breast cancer. We plan to meet with the FDA in 2023 to discuss potential study designs including
implementation of Project Optimus as part of the design, and then submit the Phase 2B protocol to the Investigational New Drug (IND Application)
in the second half of 2023. 

NGC-Irinotecan (also identified as PCS11T) is a prodrug of the active metabolite
of irinotecan (SN-38). The chemical structure of NGC-Irinotecan influences the uptake of the drug into cancer cells, resulting in more
NGC-Irinotecan entering cancer cells than normal cells in mice. These levels were significantly greater than those seen with irinotecan,
resulting in lower doses of NGC-Irinotecan having greater efficacy than irinotecan and improved safety in animal models. Like irinotecan,
NGC-Irinotecan could be used to treat patients with various cancers such as lung, colorectal, gastrointestinal, and pancreatic cancer.
We estimate at least 200,000 patients in the United States were diagnosed in 2022 with lung, colorectal, gastrointestinal, and pancreatic
cancer. We plan to conduct IND-enabling and toxicology studies in 2023 and 2024. 

Due to enrollment difficulties that we have experienced since the beginning
of our rare disease trial for PCS499 in ulcerative Necrobiosis Lipoidica (uNL), we decided to suspend further enrollment in the PCS499
trial in February 2023. In addition, the clinical findings for PCS12852 were positive in gastroparesis patients
and there were no safety concerns during the conduct of either the PCS12842 or PCS499 trials. With our focus on the NGCs in our pipeline,
we are evaluating options to monetize PCS12852 and PCS499. 

5 

Our
shift in prioritization of the products does not change our mission. We
continue to be focused on drug products that improve the survival and/or quality of life for patients by improving the safety and/or efficacy
of the drug in a targeted patient population, while providing a more efficient path to FDA approval, increasing the probability of FDA
approval, and differentiating our drugs from those on the market or are currently being developed. 

Historically,
much of oncology drug development has searched for a new or different way to treat cancer. Our approach is to modify and improve three
different, currently approved, and widely used chemotherapy treatments so that the human body handles these NGC treatments differently
than their presently approved counterpart drugs while the cancer killing mechanism of action remains the same. FDA s Project Optimus
Oncology initiative and Oncology Guidance recommends that the dose-response (both safety and efficacy) relationships be evaluated for
all oncology drugs. We have begun this process for our NGC treatments. To date, we have found that our NGC treatments are likely to have
a better safety-efficacy profile than the current widely used marketed counterpart drugs, not only potentially making the development
and approval process more efficient, but also differentiating our NGC treatments from the existing treatment. We believe our NGC treatments
have the potential to extend the survival and/or quality of life for more patients diagnosed with cancer while decreasing the number
of patients who are required to dose adjust or discontinue treatment because of side effects or lack of response. 

Our
Strategy 

With
the Processa Regulatory Science Approach, our strategy is to obtain and develop drugs that will not only treat patients with unmet medical need conditions, but also
have the potential to be more efficiently developed with a greater probability of development success than what typically occurs in
the biotech-pharma industry, as well as a better return on investment given more efficient development and high commercial value. We
applied rigorous standards to identify drugs for our portfolio, the three most important being: 

The
 drug must represent a treatment option to patients with a high unmet medical need condition by improving survival and/or quality
 of life for these patients, 

The
 drug or its metabolite or a drug with similar pharmacological properties must have demonstrated some clinical evidence of efficacy
 in the target population, and 

The probability of approval and the efficiency of development for the drug
will be improved using the Processa Regulatory Science Approach. 

Our
rigorous requirement resulted in the in-licensing of five drugs: three NGC drugs and two non-oncology drugs. These clinical candidates
had significant pre-clinical and clinical data that de-risked the programs. 

In
January 2023, we announced our plan to prioritize our team s time
and our capital resources on the continued development of our NGC drugs while exploring opportunities, including non-dilutive licensing,
collaborations, and other strategic transactions, for our non-oncology drugs. By changing either the metabolism, distribution and/or elimination
of FDA-approved drugs while still maintaining the mechanism of killing cancer cells, we believe that our three NGC treatments provide
improved safety-efficacy profiles when compared to their currently marketed counterparts of capecitabine, gemcitabine and irinotecan.
These modifications differentiate our NGC treatments from the existing therapies while being potential life-changing treatments for patients. 

Our
pipeline of NGCs (i) already have data demonstrating the desired pharmacological
activity in humans or appropriate animal models and is able to provide improved safety and/or efficacy by some modification in the formation
and/or distribution of the active moieties associated with the drug and (ii) target cancers for which a single positive pivotal study
demonstrating efficacy might provide enough evidence that the clinical benefits of the drug and its approval outweighs the risks associated
with the drug. 

6 

Our
Team 

Our
drug development efforts are guided by our knowledge and experience in applying the Processa Regulatory Science Approach to decrease
manageable risks, costs, and time toward achieving marketing authorization from regulatory authorities including the FDA. We have
assembled a seasoned management team and development team with extensive experience in developing therapies, including advancing
product candidates from preclinical research through clinical development and ultimately regulatory approval and commercialization.
Our team is led by our CEO and Founder David Young, Pharm.D., Ph.D. who has extensive experience in research, regulatory
approval and business development and who served at Questcor Pharmaceuticals for eight years, initially as an independent director
and subsequently as its Chief Scientific Officer. 

To
execute our strategy, we assembled an experienced and development team with a successful track record of drug approvals and
successful exits. Our team is experienced in developing drug products through all principal regulatory tiers from IND-enabling
studies to New Drug Application (NDA) submission. Throughout their careers, the combined scientific, development and regulatory
experiences of our team members have resulted in more than 30 drug approvals in indications reviewed by almost every division of the
FDA including the oncology divisions, over 100 meetings with the FDA and involvement with more than 50 drug development programs,
including drug products targeted to patients who have an unmet medical need and cancer patients. In addition, the FDA Project
Optimus Oncology initiative and recent FDA Oncology Guidance applies the Processa Regulatory Science Approach and principles used
and refined by our Founders over the last 30 years. 

Our
Drug Pipeline 

Our
pipeline currently consists of three oncology drugs (NGC-Capecitabine, NGC-Gemcitabine and NGC-Irinotecan previously identified as PCS6422,
PCS3117 and PCS11T, respectively) and two non-oncology drugs (PCS12852 and PCS499). A timeline and summary of each drug is provided below. 

7 

Next
Generation Chemotherapy Pipeline 

Next
 Generation Capecitabine (NGC-Capecitabine), also identified as PCS6422, is a combination of PCS6422 and the FDA-approved cancer drug
 capecitabine. NGC-Capecitabine is an orally administered irreversible inhibitor of the enzyme dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase (DPD).
 DPD metabolizes 5-Fluorouracil (5-FU), the major metabolite of capecitabine and widely used itself as an intravenous chemotherapeutic
 agent in many types of cancer, to multiple metabolites classified as catabolites. These catabolites do not have any cancer-killing
 properties but frequently cause dose-limiting side effects that may require dose adjustments or discontinuation of therapy. 
 
 When
combining capecitabine with PCS6422 in NGC-Capecitabine, PCS6422 significantly changes the metabolism and distribution of 5-FU. After formation from capecitabine, 5-FU is metabolized to anabolites (which kill both cancer cells and normal
duplicating cells) and catabolites (which cause side effects and have no cancer killing properties). Due to this change in metabolism
of capecitabine and the change in the overall metabolite profile of anabolites and catabolites, the side effect and efficacy profile
of NGC-Capecitabine has been found to be different than the existing FDA-approved capecitabine. Since the potency of NGC-Capecitabine
is also more potent than FDA-approved capecitabine based on the 5-FU systemic exposure per mg of capecitabine administered, the amount
of capecitabine anabolites formed from 1 mg of capecitabine administered in NGC-Capecitabine will, therefore, be much greater than formed
from the administration of 1 mg of existing capecitabine. 

On August 2, 2021, we
enrolled the first patient in our Phase 1B dose-escalation maximum tolerated dose trial in patients with advanced refractory
gastrointestinal (GI) tract tumors. Our interim analysis of Cohorts 1 and 2A of the ongoing clinical trial found no dose-limiting
toxicities (DLTs), no drug-related adverse events greater than Grade 1, and no adverse events associated with the catabolites of
5-FU such as HFS. In this Phase 1B trial, it was demonstrated that the irreversible inhibition of DPD by PCS6422 could
alter the metabolism, distribution and elimination of 5-FU, making NGC-Capecitabine significantly more potent than capecitabine
alone (greater than 50x more potent) and potentially leading to higher levels of anabolites which can kill replicating cancer and
normal cells. By administering NGC-Capecitabine to cancer patients, the balance between anabolites and catabolites changes depending
on the dosage regimens of PCS6422 and capecitabine used, making the efficacy-safety profile of NGC-Capecitabine different than that
of FDA-approved capecitabine and requiring further evaluation of the PCS6422 and capecitabine regimens to determine the optimal
NGC-Capecitabine regimens for patients. 

In
 order for NGC-Capecitabine to provide a safer and more efficacious profile for cancer patients compared to existing chemotherapy,
 understanding how the different regimens of PCS6422 and capecitabine may affect the systemic and tumor exposure to the anabolites,
 as well as the systemic exposure to the catabolites, is required. This can be achieved by following the timeline of DPD irreversible
 inhibition and the formation of new DPD using the plasma concentrations of 5-FU and its catabolites. 
 
 In
 an effort to better estimate the timeline of DPD inhibition and formation of new DPD, we modified the protocol for the Phase 1B
 trial and began enrolling patients in the amended Phase 1B trial in April 2022. On November 1, 2022, we announced that data from the
 Phase 1B trial identified multiple dosage regimens with potentially better safety and efficacy profiles than currently existing
 chemotherapy regimens. Since 5-FU exposure is dependent on both the PCS6422 regimen and the capecitabine regimen, safe regimens were
 identified as well as regimens that cause DLTs. One of the regimens in the Phase 1B trial did cause DLTs in two patients, one of whom
 died. The Phase 1B study is continuing to enroll patients and is expected to complete enrollment in 2023. The next study will be a
 Phase 2B trial to determine which regimens provide an improved efficacy-safety profile over present therapy using the principles of
 the FDA s Project Optimus initiative to help guide the design of the trial. This FDA initiative requires us to consider NGC
 regimens that are not at the maximum tolerated dose or exposure level. In mid-April of 2023, we are scheduled to begin discussions
 with FDA regarding the design of our Phase 2B trial and Project Optimus in order to initiate the Phase 2B trial in the second half
 of 2023. We will need to obtain additional funding before we can conduct this trial. 

8 

NGC-Gemcitabine,
 also identified as PCS3117, is a cytidine analog similar to gemcitabine (Gemzar ), but different enough in chemical structure
 that some patients are more likely to respond to PCS3117 than gemcitabine. The difference in response occurs because NGC-Gemcitabine
 is metabolized to its active metabolite through a different enzyme system than gemcitabine. We continue to evaluate the potential
 use of NGC-Gemcitabine in patients with pancreatic cancer and to evaluate ways to identify patients who are more likely to respond
 to NGC-Gemcitabine than gemcitabine. We plan to meet with the FDA in 2023 to discuss potential study designs including implementation
 of the FDA s Project Optimus initiative as part of the design and then submit the Phase 2B protocol to the IND. 

NGC-Irinotecan, also identified as PCS11T, is an analog of SN38 (SN38 is the
active metabolite of irinotecan) and should have an improved safety/efficacy profile in every type of cancer that irinotecan is presently
used. The manufacturing process and sites for drug substance and drug product are presently being evaluated and IND-enabling toxicology
studies will then be initiated. In addition, we are defining the potential paths to approval, which include defining the targeted patient
population and the type of cancer. We plan to conduct IND enabling and toxicology studies in 2023 and 2024, subject to available funding. 

Non-Oncology
Pipeline for Out-licensing or Partnership 

PCS12852
 is a highly specific and potent 5HT4 agonist that has already been evaluated in clinical studies in South Korea for gastric
 emptying and gastrointestinal motility in healthy volunteers and volunteers with a history of constipation. In October 2021, the FDA
 cleared our IND application to proceed with a Phase 2A trial for the treatment of gastroparesis. We enrolled our first patient on
 April 5, 2022 and completed enrollment of the trial on September 2, 2022. Results from this Phase 2A study which included 25
 patients with moderate to severe gastroparesis, demonstrated improvements in gastric emptying in patients receiving 0.5 mg of
 PCS12852 as compared to placebo. The results indicated that for the patients in the PCS12852 group, the mean time for 50 of the
 gastric contents to empty (t50) compared to their baseline value SD) decreased by -31.90 min 50.53) (compared to
 the change seen in the placebo group of only -9.36 min 42.43). Significant gastric emptying differences were not observed
 between the placebo and the 0.1 mg dose. Adverse events associated with the administration of PCS12852 were generally mild to
 moderate as expected, limited in duration, and quickly resolved without any sequelae. There were no clinically significant
 cardiovascular safety events or serious adverse events (SAEs) reported during the study. Additionally, the 0.5 mg of PCS12852 showed
 a greater improvement than placebo in the gastroparesis symptomology scales (including both total scores in the scales, as well as
 sub-scores such as nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain) used in the study. With the study now complete, we have the data necessary
 to finalize the development plan for the treatment of diabetic gastroparesis patients. We plan to monetize PCS12852 by looking for
 licensing and/or partnering opportunities. 

PCS499
 is an oral tablet of the deuterated analog of one of the major metabolites
of pentoxifylline (PTX or Trental ). PCS499 is a drug that can be used to treat unmet medical need conditions caused by multiple pathophysiological
changes. We completed a Phase 2A trial for PCS499 in patients with ulcerative and non-ulcerative necrobiosis lipoidica (uNL and NL, respectively)
in late 2020, and in May 2021, we enrolled the first patient in our Phase 2B trial for the treatment of uNL. Although we initiated several recruitment programs to increase the enrollment of patients in this study, we were only able to recruit four patients. We will complete
the study for those currently enrolled, but will halt further efforts to enroll new patients for our PCS499 Phase 2B uNL trial. We have
experienced extremely slow enrollment in the trial given the extreme rarity of the condition (rarer than reported in the
literature), the impact of COVID-19, and the reluctance of patients to be in a clinical trial. There have been no safety concerns during
the conduct of the trial. Although we believe that PCS499 can be effective in treating uNL, in late February 2023, we received preliminary
data that indicated that the placebo response is likely much greater than the literature and clinical experts believe; thus, a much larger
sample size would be required in a pivotal trial for an indication where it was extremely difficult to enroll even 10 patients. We are
also evaluating other, less rare indications for PCS499. As with PCS12852, we plan to monetize PCS499 by looking for licensing and/or
partnership opportunities. 

9 

Manufacturing
and Clinical Supplies 

We
do not own or operate, and currently have no plans to establish, any manufacturing facilities. We currently rely, and expect to continue
to rely, on multiple third-party contract manufacturing organizations (CMOs) for the supply of current Good Manufacturing Practices
(cGMP)-grade clinical trial materials and commercial quantities of our product candidates and products, if approved. We require all of
our CMOs to conduct manufacturing activities in compliance with cGMP. We have assembled a team of experienced employees and consultants
to provide the necessary technical, quality and regulatory oversight of our CMOs. 

We
anticipate that these CMOs will have the capacity to support both clinical supply and commercial-scale production, but we do not have
any formal agreements at this time with any of these CMOs to cover commercial production. 

We
also may elect to pursue additional CMOs for manufacturing supplies of drug substance and finished drug product in the future. We believe
that our standardized manufacturing process can be transferred to a number of other CMOs for the production of clinical and commercial
supplies of our product candidates in the ordinary course of business. 

Competition 

Many
of our potential competitors may have significantly greater financial resources, a more established presence in the market, and more
expertise in research and development, manufacturing, pre-clinical and clinical testing, obtaining regulatory approvals and reimbursement,
and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and diagnostic industries may
result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also
prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These potential
competitors may also compete with us in recruiting and retaining top qualified scientific, sales, marketing and management personnel
and establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary
to, or necessary for, our programs. 

The
key competitive factors affecting each of our products, if approved, are likely to include the efficacy, safety, convenience and
price of the products relative to other approved products used on- or off-label for each unmet medical need condition. Although
preliminary clinical data exists to support the possibility of improved efficacy and safety profiles for our drugs, more in-depth
randomized, controlled studies are required for our products to determine if our preliminary findings will support the approval in
the designated unmet medical need indication. 

For
NGC-Capecitabine, the competitive factors will be related to the efficacy and safety of the product when used in combination with existing
cytotoxic drugs such as capecitabine and fluoropyrimidines compared to the efficacy and safety when these cytotoxic agents are administered
without PCS6422 or with reversible enzyme inhibitors. The market penetration will depend on how much improvement will occur in
the efficacy and/or safety profiles when administered in combination with PCS6422. Currently, there are no other reversible or irreversible
enzyme inhibitor products approved in the US and no irreversible enzyme inhibitors approved ex-US, which may make PCS6422 the first DPD
irreversible inhibitor available. 

For
NGC-Gemcitabine, the competitive factors will include establishing market penetration against other cytidine analogues, such as gemcitabine,
which is currently used as first or second line chemotherapy either alone or in combination with other chemotherapy agents. The market
penetration will depend on the potential for an improved efficacy profile in patients who have developed tolerance to other agents. 

For
NGC-Irinotecan, the competitive factors will include establishing marketing penetration against the existing irinotecan product (Camptosar and the newer liposomal irinotecan product (Onivyde ). The establishment of that market will be based upon improved efficacy and/or
safety of NGC-Irinotecan. 

For
PCS12852, the competitive factors will include establishing marketing penetration against the metoclopramide products (the only approved
drug to treat gastroparesis) and other 5-HT4 receptor agonists used off label. The market penetration will depend on the potential for
an improved safety profile due to the very selective 5-HT4 receptor binding by PCS12852 and similar or greater efficacy in the treatment
of gastroparesis. 

For
PCS499, there are currently no FDA-approved drugs for the treatment of patients with NL, and few drugs are used off-label for NL given
the lack of efficacy and/or side effect concerns. 

Our
commercial opportunity for any of our product candidates could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize
products that are safer, more effective, less expensive, more convenient or easier to administer, or have fewer or less severe side effects,
than any products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA, EMA or other regulatory approval for their products more
rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are
able to enter the market. 

10 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
success will depend in large part on our ability and that of our licensors to: 

obtain
 and maintain international and domestic patent and other legal protections for the proprietary technology, inventions and improvements
 we consider important to our business; 

prosecute
 and defend our future patents, once obtained; 

preserve
 confidentiality of our own and our licensed methods, processes and know-how; and 

operate
 without infringing the patents and proprietary rights of other parties. 

Although
we rely extensively on licensing patents from third parties, we intend to seek appropriate patent protection for product candidates in
our research and development programs, where applicable, and their uses by filing patent applications in the United States and other
selected countries. We intend for these patent applications to cover, where possible, claims for compositions of matter, medical uses,
processes for preparation and formulations. 

Our
current patent portfolio consists of the number of patents related to our drug candidates licensed from each third-party licensor. In
addition to the international patents and/or international and U.S. patent applications licensed from our third-party licensors, we have
licensed at least the following number of U.S. patents: 

CoNCERT 
 Yuhan 
 Aposense 
 Elion 
 Ocuphire 
 Total 
 
 U.S. patents 
 9 
 5 
 3 
 2 
 6 
 25 

A
provisional patent for NGC-Capecitabine has been filed. 

Besides
relying on patents, we may also rely on trade secrets, proprietary know-how and continuing innovation to develop and maintain our competitive
position, especially when we do not believe that patent protection is appropriate or can be obtained. In addition, we continuously evaluate
opportunities to obtain exclusivity through our regulatory filings with the FDA. We seek protection of these trade secrets, proprietary
know-how and any continuing innovation, in part, through confidentiality and proprietary information agreements. However, these agreements
may not provide meaningful protection for, or adequate remedies to protect, our technology in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure
of information. Furthermore, our trade secrets may otherwise become known to, or be independently developed by, our competitors. 

11 

License
Agreements 

The
following descriptions of our license agreements are only summaries. You should also refer to the copies of such agreements which have
been filed as exhibits to this Annual Report. 

License
Agreement with Elion Oncology, Inc . 

On
August 23, 2020, we entered into a condition precedent License Agreement with Elion Oncology Elion License Agreement ),
pursuant to which we acquired an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize PCS6422 globally. The grant of license was
conditioned on the following being satisfied by October 30, 2020: (i) our closing on an equity financing of at least 15 million in gross
proceeds and (ii) successful up-listing to Nasdaq. 

On
October 6, 2020, all conditions were satisfied, resulting in the addition of PCS6422 to our portfolio, and we paid 100,000 cash and
issued 825,000 shares of our common stock to Elion. Such shares were subject to a lock-up, with 50 of such shares released from
such lock-up after six months and the remaining 25 tranches were released following 9 months and 12 months,
respectively. 

As part of the Elion License Agreement, we agreed to issue to Elion 100,000 shares of our common stock on each of the first and second
anniversary dates of the Elion License Agreement, which we fulfilled on October 5, 2021 and 2022, respectively. 

As
additional consideration, we will pay Elion development and regulatory milestone payments (a portion of which are payable in shares of
our common stock and a portion of which are payable in cash) upon the achievement of certain milestones, which include FDA or other regulatory
approval and dosing a patient. In addition, we must pay Elion one-time sales milestone payments based on the achievement during a calendar
year of one or more thresholds for annual sales for products made and pay royalties based on annual licensing sales. We are also required
to split any milestone payments received with Elion based on any sub-license agreement we may enter into. 

On
May 17, 2022, we amended the third Milestone Event of Section 6.4 of our License Agreement with Elion Oncology, Inc. changing the third
Milestone Event from 1 st Patient in Dose Confirmation Study to (a) determination of the maximum tolerated dose
(MTD) or (b) determination of the recommended Phase 2 Dose. Prior to this amendment, the third milestone was not considered probable
since it was unknown when, or if a dose confirmation study was going to be conducted. As a result of the modification, we consider it
probable that the recommended Phase 2 dosage regimen could be determined in connection with our current Phase 1B trial for PCS6422. We
recorded an expense and related liability of 189,000 representing the value of the shares we anticipate issuing to Elion at the fair
value on the date of modification. No other terms or conditions of the License Agreement were modified. 

We
are required to use commercially reasonable efforts, at our sole cost and expense, to research, develop and commercialize products in
one or more countries, including meeting specific diligence milestones that consist of: (i) dosing a first patient in a Phase 1B clinical
trial with a product within 12 months; and (ii) dosing a first patient with a product in a Phase 2 or 3 clinical trial within 48 months.
Either party may terminate the agreement in the event of a material breach of the agreement that has not been cured following written
notice and a 90-day opportunity to cure such breach (which is shortened to 15 days for a payment breach). 

12 

License
Agreement with Ocuphire Pharma, Inc. 

On
June 16, 2021, we executed a License Agreement with Ocuphire Pharma, Inc. Ocuphire Agreement under which provided us
with a license to research, develop and commercialize PCS3117 globally, excluding the Republic
of Singapore, China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan . 

As
consideration for the Ocuphire Agreement, we issued 44,689 shares of our common stock to Ocuphire, a cash payment of 200,000 and assumed
certain liabilities. Additional consideration includes future development and regulatory milestones payments to Ocuphire upon our achievement
of certain defined clinical milestones, such as dosing a patient in pivotal trials and receiving marketing authorization by a regulatory
authority in the United States or another country. In addition, we are required to pay Ocuphire one-time sales milestone payments based
on the achievement during a calendar year of the highest annual Net Sales for products made and pay royalties based on annual Net Sales,
as defined in the Ocuphire Agreement. 

We
are required to use commercially reasonable efforts, at our sole cost and expense to oversee such commercialization efforts, to research,
develop and commercialize products in one or more countries, including meeting specific diligence milestones that consist of: (i) first
patient administered drug in a Clinical Trial of a Product prior to June 16, 2024; and (ii) first patient administered drug in a Pivotal
Clinical Trial of a Product or first patient administered drug in a Clinical Trial for a Second Indication of a Product prior to June
16, 2026. Either party may terminate the agreement in the event of a material breach of the agreement that has not been cured following
written notice and a 120-day opportunity to cure such breach (which is shortened to 15 days for a payment breach). 

License
Agreement with Aposense, Ltd. 

On
May 24, 2020, we entered into a condition precedent License Agreement with Aposense, Ltd. Aposense License Agreement ),
pursuant to which we were granted Aposense s patent rights and Know-How to develop and commercialize their next generation irinotecan
cancer drug, PCS11T (formerly known as ATT-11T). The Aposense License Agreement provides us with an exclusive worldwide license (excluding
China) to research, develop and commercialize products comprising or containing PCS11T. The grant of license was conditioned on the following
being satisfied within nine months of May 24, 2020: (i) our closing of an equity financing and successful up-listing to Nasdaq and (ii)
Aposense obtaining the approval of the Israel Innovation Authority for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Aposense
License Agreement. 

On
October 6, 2020, all conditions were satisfied, resulting in the addition of PCS11T to our portfolio, and we issued 625,000
shares of our common stock to Aposense. Such shares were subject to a lock-up, with 40 of such shares released from such lock-up after
six months and the remaining two 30 tranches were released upon completion of the next two subsequent quarters. As additional consideration,
we will pay Aposense development and regulatory milestone payments (up to 3.0 million per milestone) upon the achievement of certain
milestones, which primarily consist of having a drug indication approved by a regulatory authority in the United States or another country.
In addition, we will pay Aposense one-time sales milestone payments based on the achievement during a calendar year of one or more thresholds
for annual sales for products made and pay royalties based on annual licensing sales. We are also required to split any sales milestone
payments or royalties we receive with Aposense based on any sub-license agreement we may enter into. 

13 

License
Agreement with Yuhan Corporation 

On
August 19, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement with Yuhan Corporation Yuhan License Agreement ), pursuant to which
we acquired an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize PCS12852 globally, excluding South Korea. 

As
consideration for the Yuhan License Agreement and related Share Issuance Agreement, we issued to Yuhan 500,000 shares of common stock.
As additional consideration, we will pay Yuhan development and regulatory milestone payments (a portion of which are payable in shares
of our common stock based on the volume weighted average trading price during the period prior to such achievement and a portion of which
are payable in cash) upon the achievement of certain milestones, based on a Yuhan affiliate purchasing 750,000 shares of common stock
for 3,000,000 in our October 2020 underwritten public offering. The milestones primarily consist of dosing a patient in pivotal trials
or having a drug indication approved by a regulatory authority in the United States or another country. In addition, we must pay Yuhan
one-time sales milestone payments based on the achievement during a calendar year of one or more thresholds for annual sales for products
made and pay royalties based on annual licensing sales. We are also required to split any milestone payments received with Yuhan based
on any sub-license agreement we may enter into. 

In
conjunction with a joint Processa-Yuhan Board to oversee such commercialization efforts, we are required to use commercially reasonable
efforts, at our sole cost and expense, to research, develop and commercialize products in one or more countries, including meeting specific
diligence milestones that consist of: (i) preparing a first draft of the product development plan within 90 days; (ii) requesting an
FDA pre-IND meeting for a product within 6 months; (iii) dosing a first patient in a Phase 2A clinical trial with a product within 24
months; and (iv) dosing a first patient with a product in a Phase 2B clinical trial, Phase 3 clinical trial or other pivotal clinical
trial with a product within 48 months. Either party may terminate the agreement in the event of a material breach of the agreement that
has not been cured following written notice and a 60-day opportunity to cure such breach (which is shortened to 15 days for a payment
breach). 

License
Agreement with CoNCERT Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

On
October 4, 2017, Promet entered into a License Agreement with CoNCERT CoNCERT License Agreement ). On March 19, 2018, we,
Promet, and CoNCERT entered into an Amended Option Licensing Agreement March Amendment that, among other things, assigned
the CoNCERT Agreement from Promet to us and we exercised the exclusive commercial license option for the PCS499 compound from CoNCERT. 

The
CoNCERT License Agreement provides us with an exclusive (including as to CoNCERT) royalty-bearing license to CoNCERT s patent rights
and Know-How to develop, manufacture, use, sub-license and commercialize compounds (PCS499 and each metabolite thereof) and pharmaceutical
products with such compounds worldwide. We are required to pay CoNCERT royalties, on a product by-product basis, on future worldwide
net sales, or pay a percentage of any sublicense revenue. 

We
will incur royalty obligations to CoNCERT on a country-by-country and product-by-product basis that expire on a country-by-country and
product-by-product basis on the later of (i) expiration or invalidation of the last patent rights covering such product in such country
or (ii) the tenth anniversary of the date of the first commercial sale to a non-sublicensee third party of such product in such country. 

We
are required to use commercially reasonable efforts, at our sole cost and expense, to develop and obtain regulatory approval for one
product in the U.S. and at least one other major market and, subject to obtaining regulatory approval in the applicable major market,
commercialize one product in the U.S. and at least one other major market. CoNCERT may terminate the agreement if, following written
notice and a 60 day opportunity to demonstrate a plan to cure, it believes that we are not using commercially reasonable efforts to develop
and obtain regulatory approval for one product in the U.S. and in at least one other major market for any consecutive nine month period. 

The
term of the CoNCERT License Agreement continues in full force and effect until the expiration of the last royalty term. On a country-by-country
and product-by-product basis, upon the expiration of the royalty term in such country with respect to such product, we shall have a fully
paid-up, perpetual, irrevocable license to such intellectual property with respect to such product in such country. In the event of a
material breach of the CoNCERT Agreement, either party may terminate the agreement provided such breach is not cured in the 90 days following
written notice of the breach (which is shortened to 15 days for a payment breach). In addition, either party may terminate the agreement
upon an assignment for the benefit of creditors or the filing of an insolvency proceeding by or against the other party that is not dismissed
within 90 days of such filing. 

14 

Government
Regulation 

The
FDA and comparable regulatory authorities in state and local jurisdictions and in other countries impose substantial and burdensome requirements
upon companies involved in the clinical development, manufacture, marketing and distribution of drugs, such as those we are developing.
These agencies and other federal, state and local entities regulate, among other things, the research and development, testing, manufacture,
quality control, safety, effectiveness, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, advertising and promotion, distribution, post-approval
monitoring and reporting, sampling and export and import of our product candidates. 

U.S.
Government Regulation 

In
the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and its implementing regulations.
The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes
and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements
at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to a variety of administrative
or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA s refusal to approve pending NDAs, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold,
issuance of warning letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions,
fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. 

The
process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 

completion
 of pre-clinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s good laboratory practice
 (GLP) regulations; 

submission
 to the FDA of an IND application, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

approval
 by an independent Institutional Review Board (IRB), at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practices (GCP) requirements to establish
 the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug product for each indication; 

submission
 to the FDA of an NDA; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 

satisfactory
 completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance
 with cGMP requirements and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity,
 strength, quality and purity; 

FDA
 review and approval of the NDA, including consideration of the views of any FDA advisory committee, prior to commercial marketing
 or sale of the drug in the United States; and 

compliance
 with any post-approval requirements, including the potential requirement to implement a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS)
 or to conduct a post-approval study. 

15 

Pre-clinical
studies 

Before
testing any biological product candidate in humans, including our product candidates, the product candidate must undergo rigorous pre-clinical
testing. The pre-clinical developmental stage generally involves laboratory evaluations of drug chemistry, formulation and stability,
as well as studies to evaluate toxicity in animals, to assess the potential for adverse events and, in some cases, to establish a rationale
for therapeutic use. The conduct of pre-clinical studies is subject to federal regulations and requirements, including GLP regulations
for safety/toxicology studies. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the pre-clinical studies, together with manufacturing information,
analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. 

An
IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational product to humans and must become effective before human
clinical trials may begin. Some long-term pre-clinical testing, such as animal tests of reproductive adverse events and carcinogenicity,
may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises
concerns or questions before that time related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such
a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission
of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 

Clinical
trials 

The
clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the
supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by, or under control of, the trial sponsor, in accordance with
GCPs, which include the requirement that all research patients provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical
trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures,
subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol,
and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial must
be reviewed and approved by an IRB for each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals
participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the
informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical
trial until completed. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results
to public registries. Information about most clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on www.clinicaltrials.gov.
Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators and other aspects of the
clinical trial is made public as part of the registration of the clinical trial. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results
of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in some cases for up to two years
after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress
of development programs. 

16 

Human
clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: 

Phase
 1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to
 a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism,
 pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability and safety of the drug. 

Phase
 2 clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. At
 the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety
 risks are identified and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. The goal of the Phase 2 trial is to also determine the best dosage regimen(s) to evaluate in the Phase
3 trial. The best regimen(s) means the regimen(s) that is(are) most likely to provide a safe-efficacious regimen that appropriately
balances the risk-benefit analysis that the FDA is required to evaluate in each drug approval. The ideal way to define this best 
regimen for FDA is to evaluate the adverse event-drug exposure and efficacy-drug exposure relationships, which has also been previously
called dose-response relationships or studies, and which has now become the foundation for both the FDA s Project Optimus Oncology
initiative and the draft Guidance to determine the optimal dose for an oncology drug. 

Phase
 3 clinical trials generally involve a larger number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary
 to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk
 relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval. These trials may include comparisons with placebo
 and/or other comparator treatments. The duration of treatment is often extended to mimic the actual use of a product during marketing. 

Post-approval
trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to
gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow
up. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of a biologics license
application (BLA). 

Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse
events occur. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time, or the FDA may impose other sanctions on
various grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can
refuse, suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance
with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 

Concurrently
with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional pre-clinical studies and must also develop additional information about the
physical characteristics of the biological product as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities
in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product
candidate and, among other things, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of
the final biological product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted
to demonstrate that the biological product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 

17 

Marketing
Approval 

Assuming
successful completion of the required clinical testing, the results of the pre-clinical studies and clinical trials, together with detailed
information relating to the product s chemistry, manufacture, controls and proposed labeling, among other things, are submitted
to the FDA as part of an NDA requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications. In most cases, the submission of
an NDA is subject to a substantial application user fee. 

The
review process typically takes twelve months from the date the NDA is submitted to the FDA. The FDA conducts a preliminary review of
all NDAs within the first 60 days after submission to determine whether they are sufficiently complete to permit substantive review before
accepting them for filing. The FDA may request additional information rather than accept an NDA for filing. In this event,
the application must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application is also subject to review before the
FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review. The FDA reviews
an NDA to determine, among other things, whether the drug is safe and effective and whether the facility in which it is manufactured,
processed, packaged or held meets standards designed to assure the product s continued safety, quality and purity. Under the current
guidelines in effect in the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), the FDA has a goal to review and act on the submission within ten
months from the completion of the preliminary review of a standard NDA for a new molecular entity. 

In
addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, as amended and reauthorized, certain NDAs or supplements to an NDA must contain
data that are adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations,
and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may, on
its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of some or all pediatric data until after approval
of the product for use in adults, or full or partial waivers from the pediatric data requirements. 

The
FDA also may require submission of a REMS plan to ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh its risks. The REMS plan could include
medication guides, physician communication plans, assessment plans, and/or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution
methods, patient registries, or other risk minimization tools. 

The
FDA may refer an application for a novel drug to an advisory committee. An advisory committee is a panel of independent experts, including
clinicians and other scientific experts, that reviews, evaluates and provides a recommendation as to whether the application should be
approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations
carefully when making decisions. 

Before
approving an NDA, the FDA typically will inspect the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve
an application unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate
to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. Additionally, before approving an NDA, the FDA may inspect
one or more clinical trial sites to assure compliance with GCP requirements. 

After
evaluating the NDA and all related information, including the advisory committee recommendation, if any, and inspection reports regarding
the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or, in some cases, a complete response letter.
A complete response letter generally contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of
the NDA and may require additional clinical trials or pre-clinical studies in order for FDA to reconsider the application. Even with
submission of this additional information, the FDA ultimately may decide that the application does not satisfy the regulatory criteria
for approval. If and when those conditions have been met to the FDA s satisfaction, the FDA will typically issue an approval letter.
An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. 

Orphan
drug designation 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic product intended to treat a rare disease or condition,
which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals
in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making the product available in
the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product in the United States. Orphan drug
designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the identity of the therapeutic
agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten
the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. Orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives such as
opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. 

If
a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications to market
the same drug for the same indication for seven years from the date of such approval, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing
of clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by means of greater effectiveness, greater safety, by providing a major
contribution to patient care or in instances of drug supply issues. Competitors, however, may receive approval of either a different
product for the same indication or the same product for a different indication that could be used off-label by physicians
in the orphan indication, even though the competitor s product is not approved in the orphan indication. Orphan drug exclusivity
also could block the approval of one of our products for seven years if a competitor obtains approval before we do of the same product,
as defined by the FDA, for the same indication we are seeking, or if our product candidate is determined to be contained within the scope
of the competitor s product for the same indication or disease. If one of our products designated as an orphan drug receives marketing
approval for an indication broader than that which is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug status
in the European Union, or EU, has similar, but not identical, requirements and benefits. 

18 

Expedited
review and approval 

The
FDA has various programs, including fast track designation, accelerated approval, priority review and breakthrough therapy designation,
which are intended to expedite or simplify the process for the development and FDA review of drugs that are intended for the treatment
of serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs. The purpose of these
programs is to provide important new drugs to patients earlier than under standard FDA review procedures. 

To
be eligible for a fast track designation, the FDA must determine, based on the request of a sponsor, that a product is intended to treat
a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrates the potential to address an unmet medical need. The FDA will determine
that a product will fill an unmet medical need if it will provide a therapy where none exists or provide a therapy that may be potentially
superior to existing therapy based on efficacy or safety factors. The FDA may review sections of the NDA for a fast track product on
a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of
the NDA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the NDA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required
user fees upon submission of the first section of the NDA. 

The
FDA may give a priority review designation to drugs that offer major advances in treatment or provide a treatment where no adequate therapy
exists. A priority review means that the goal for the FDA to review an application is six months, rather than the standard review of
ten months under current PDUFA guidelines. Under the new PDUFA agreement, these six- and ten-month review periods are measured from the
 filing date rather than the receipt date for NDAs for new molecular entities, which typically adds approximately two months
to the timeline for review and decision from the date of submission. Most products that are eligible for fast track designation are also
likely to be considered appropriate to receive a priority review. 

In
addition, products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening illnesses and that provide meaningful
therapeutic benefit over existing treatments may be eligible for accelerated approval and may be approved on the basis of adequate and
well-controlled clinical trials establishing that the drug product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to
predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably
likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity
or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require
a sponsor of a drug receiving accelerated approval to perform post-marketing studies to verify and describe the predicted effect on irreversible
morbidity or mortality or other clinical endpoint, and the drug may be subject to accelerated withdrawal procedures. 

Moreover,
under the provisions of the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act, a sponsor can request designation of a product candidate
as a breakthrough therapy. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one
or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the
drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial
treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies are also eligible for accelerated
approval. The FDA must take certain actions, such as holding timely meetings and providing advice, intended to expedite the development
and review of an application for approval of a breakthrough therapy. 

Even
if a product qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for
qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Furthermore, fast track designation, priority
review and breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval, but may expedite the development or approval process.
We may explore some of these opportunities for our product candidates as appropriate. 

19 

Post-approval
requirements 

Drugs
manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including,
among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and
promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as
adding new indications or other labeling claims are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There are also continuing annual user
fee requirements for any marketed products and the establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as new
application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. 

The
FDA may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an NDA. For example, the FDA may require post-marketing
testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s safety and effectiveness
after commercialization. 

In
addition, drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register
their establishments with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state
agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA
approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP requirements
and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to
use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain
cGMP compliance. 

Once
an approval is granted, the FDA may withdraw the approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained
or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse
events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may
result in mandatory revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials
to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include,
among other things: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product; 

complete
 withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; 

safety
 alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases or other communications containing warning or other safety information about
 the product; 

fines,
 warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 

refusal
 of the FDA to approve pending NDAs or supplements to approved NDAs, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; product seizure
 or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; or 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 

The
FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted
only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce
the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label
uses may be subject to significant liability. 

In
addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act (PDMA), which regulates
the distribution of drugs and drug samples at the federal level and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug
distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples and impose
requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. 

20 

Other
Regulatory Matters 

Pharmaceutical
companies are subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and by authorities in the states
and foreign jurisdictions in which they conduct their business. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following product
approval are subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in the United States in addition to the FDA, including Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS), other divisions of the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Justice,
the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety 
Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and state and local governments. 

For
example, in the United States, sales, marketing and scientific and educational programs also must comply with state and federal fraud
and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and security laws. These
laws include the following: 

the
 federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which makes it illegal for any person, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting
 on its behalf), to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive, offer or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce or reward referrals,
 including the purchase, recommendation, order or prescription of a particular drug, for which payment may be made under a federal
 healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Moreover, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by
 the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the ACA), provides that the government may assert that a
 claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent
 claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

federal
 civil and criminal false claims and civil monetary penalties laws, including the civil False Claims Act that can be enforced by private
 citizens through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting,
 or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement
 to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the
 Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) which prohibits, among other things, executing or attempting
 to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and their implementing regulations, which also
 imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of
 individually identifiable health information; 

federal
 consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm
 consumers; 

the
 FDCA, which prohibits, among other things, the adulteration or misbranding of drugs, biologics and medical devices; 

the
 federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical
 supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific
 exceptions, to annually report to CMS information regarding payments and other transfers of value to physicians and teaching hospitals
 as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and 

analogous
 state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements
 and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers;
 state laws that require biotechnology companies to comply with the biotechnology industry s voluntary compliance guidelines
 and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government and may require drug manufacturers to report information
 related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; state laws
 that require biotechnology companies to report information on the pricing of certain drug products; and state and foreign laws that
 govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant
 ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

21 

Pricing
and rebate programs must also comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and
more recent requirements in the ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General
Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Products must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements
under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to
federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 

The
distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing,
storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 

The
failure to comply with any of these laws or regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending
on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in significant civil, criminal and administrative
penalties, including damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare
programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished
profits and future earnings, injunctions, requests for recall, seizure of products, total or partial suspension of production, denial
or withdrawal of product approvals or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. 

U.S.
Patent-Term Restoration and Marketing Exclusivity 

Depending
upon the timing, duration and specifics of FDA approval of any future product candidates, some of our U.S. patents may be eligible for
limited patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits restoration of the patent term of up to five years
as compensation for patent term lost during product development and FDA regulatory review process. Patent-term restoration, however,
cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product s approval date. The patent-term restoration
period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND or the issue date of the patent, whichever is later, and the
submission date of an NDA plus the time between the submission date of an NDA or the issue date of the patent, whichever is later, and
the approval of that application, except that the review period is reduced by any time during which the applicant failed to exercise
due diligence. Only one patent applicable to an approved drug is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must
be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews
and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may apply for restoration of patent term
for our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of
the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant NDA. 

Market
exclusivity provisions under the FDCA also can delay the submission or the approval of certain applications. The FDCA provides a five-year
period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the United States to the first applicant to gain approval of an NDA for a new chemical
entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety,
which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept
for review an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another version of such drug
where the applicant does not own or have a legal right of reference to all the data required for approval. However, an application may
be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement. The FDCA also provides three years
of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability
studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application,
for example, new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the conditions of use
associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs for drugs containing the original
active agent. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting
a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled
clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 

22 

European
Union Drug Development 

Similar
to the United States, the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the European Union are subject to significant regulatory
controls. Although the European Union Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC has sought to harmonize the EU clinical trials regulatory
framework, setting out common rules for the control and authorization of clinical trials in the EU, the EU Member States have transposed
and applied the provisions of the Directive differently. This has led to significant variations in the member state regimes. Under the
current regime, before a clinical trial can be initiated, it must be approved in each of the EU countries where the trial is to be conducted
by two distinct bodies: the National Competent Authority (NCA) and one or more Ethics Committees (ECs). Under the current regime, all
suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions to the investigated drug that occur during the clinical trial have to be reported to the
NCA and ECs of the Member State where they occurred. 

The
EU clinical trials legislation currently is undergoing a transition process mainly aimed at harmonizing and streamlining clinical-trial
authorization, simplifying adverse-event reporting procedures, improving the supervision of clinical trials and increasing their transparency.
Recently enacted Clinical Trials Regulation EU No 536/2014 ensures that the rules for conducting clinical trials in the EU will be identical.
In the meantime, Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC continues to govern all clinical trials performed in the EU. 

European
Union Drug Review and Approval 

In
the European Economic Area (EEA), which is comprised of the 26 Member States of the European Union (including Norway and excluding Croatia),
Iceland and Liechtenstein, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization (MA). There are two
types of marketing authorizations: 

The
 Community MA is issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal
 Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the EMA, and is valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The Centralized Procedure is mandatory
 for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicines such
 as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated
 for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral
 diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance not yet authorized in the EEA, or
 for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or which are in the interest of public
 health in the European Union. 

National
 MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are
 available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized
 for marketing in a Member State of the European Union, this National MA can be recognized in another Member State through the Mutual
 Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved
 simultaneously in various Member States through the Decentralized Procedure. Under the Decentralized Procedure, an identical dossier
 is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the
 applicant as the Reference Member State (RMS). The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary
 of the product characteristics (SmPC), and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States
 (referred to as the Member States Concerned) for their approval. If the Member States Concerned raise no objections, based on a potential
 serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SmPC, labeling or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product is subsequently granted
 a national MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the Member States Concerned). 

Under
the above-described procedures, before granting the MA, EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the European Union make
an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy.
Similar to the U.S. patent term-restoration, Supplementary Protection Certificates (SPCs) serve as an extension to a patent right in
Europe for up to five years. SPCs apply to specific pharmaceutical products to offset the loss of patent protection due to the lengthy
testing and clinical trials these products require prior to obtaining regulatory marketing approval. 

23 

Coverage
and Reimbursement 

Sales
of our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health
programs, commercial insurance, and managed healthcare organizations. There is significant uncertainty related to third-party payor coverage
and reimbursement of newly approved products. In the United States, for example, principal decisions about reimbursement for new products
are typically made by CMS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new product will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare, and private
third-party payors often follow CMS s decisions regarding coverage and reimbursement to a substantial degree. However, no uniform
policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of
reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. 

Increasingly,
third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the
prices charged for medical products. Further, such payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and
reviewing the cost effectiveness of medical product candidates. There may be especially significant delays in obtaining coverage and
reimbursement for newly approved drugs. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific product candidates on an approved list, known
as a formulary, which might not include all FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic
studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost effectiveness of our products. As a result, the coverage determination process
is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products
to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. 

In
addition, in most foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements
governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its
Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and
to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, or
it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the
market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will
allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union
do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 

Healthcare
Reform 

The
United States government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment
programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement, and requirements
for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. For example, the ACA was passed in March 2010 which substantially
changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical
industry. The ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed
by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries
and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies share of sales to federal health care programs. 

24 

The
Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with
the HHS Secretary as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer s outpatient drugs furnished
to Medicaid patients. The ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers 
rebate liability by raising the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs from 15.1 of average manufacturer price
(AMP), to 23.1 of AMP and adding a new rebate calculation for line extensions (i.e., new formulations, such as extended
release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, as well as potentially impacting their rebate liability by modifying
the statutory definition of AMP. The ACA also expanded the universe of Medicaid utilization subject to drug rebates by requiring pharmaceutical
manufacturers to pay rebates on Medicaid managed care utilization and by enlarging the population potentially eligible for Medicaid drug
benefits. Effective April 1, 2020, Medicaid rebate liability will be expanded to include the territories of the United States as well.
Additionally, for a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs or to be sold directly
to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program.
The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the AMP and Medicaid rebate amounts reported by the manufacturer. 

Some
of the provisions of the ACA have yet to be implemented, and there have been judicial, Congressional and executive branch challenges
to certain aspects of the ACA. Additionally, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers
set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state
legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and
manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, at the federal
level, there is a Blueprint to lower prescription drug prices and reduce out-of-pocket costs of drugs that contains additional
proposals to increase manufacturer competition, increase the negotiating power of certain federal healthcare programs, incentivize manufacturers
to lower the list price of their products and reduce the out-of-pocket costs of drug products paid by consumers. At the state level,
legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product
pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure
and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 

Moreover,
the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA) established the Medicare Part D program to provide a
voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans
offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Unlike Medicare Part A and B, Part D coverage is
not standardized. While all Medicare drug plans must give at least a standard level of coverage set by Medicare, Part D prescription
drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies
which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic
category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part
D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs
of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices for our
products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan likely will be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the
MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment
limitations in setting their own payment rates. 

25 

Human Capital 

As
of March 27, 2023, we had 15 full and part time employees. None of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement or represented
by a trade or labor union and we believe our relationships with our employees are good. 

We
are highly dependent upon the principal members of our small management team and staff, including David Young, Pharm.D., Ph.D, our
Chief Executive Officer, and Sian Bigora, Pharm.D., our Chief Development and Regulatory Officer. Despite our efforts to retain
valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment with us on short
notice. Although we expect to have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements may still allow these
employees to leave our employment at any time, for or without cause. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract,
retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and
medical and scientific personnel. 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware on March 29, 2011. Our principal executive office is located at 7380 Coca Cola
Drive, Suite 106, Hanover, MD 21076. Our telephone number is (443) 776-3133. 

We
make available free of charge on or through our Internet website http://www.processapharmaceuticals.com our Annual Report on
Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and, if applicable, amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC also maintains a website which provides online access to
reports and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC at: www.sec.gov. 

The
information contained on our website and social media channels is not included as a part of, or incorporated by reference into, this
report. 

26 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

An
investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial
condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and
you may lose all or part of your investment. You should also refer to the other information contained in this Form 10-K, including our
consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements, and the information set forth under the caption Special Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary. The risks described below and contained in our other periodic reports
are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely
affect our business operations. 

Risks
Related to Our Financial Position 

We
have a history of losses and we may never become profitable. 

We
are a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company. Processa itself as an organization has never had a drug approved by the FDA or any regulatory
agency. The likelihood of success of our business plan must be considered in light of the challenges, substantial expenses, difficulties,
complications and delays frequently encountered in connection with developing and expanding early-stage businesses and the regulatory
and competitive environment in which we operate. Biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking, involves
a substantial degree of risk, and is a capital-intensive business. If we cannot successfully execute our plan to develop our drug pipeline,
our business may not succeed. 

At
December 31, 2022, the accumulated deficit was approximately 64.2 million. We will incur additional losses as we continue our
research and development activities, seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and engage in clinical trials. These
losses will cause, among other things, our stockholders equity and working capital to decrease. Any future earnings and cash
flow from the operations of our business are dependent on our ability to further develop our products and on revenues and
profitability from sales of products or successful joint venture relationships. 

There
can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient product revenue to become profitable at all or on a sustained basis.
Even if we generate revenues, we expect to have quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in revenues and expenses, some of which could be significant,
due to research, development, clinical trial, and marketing and manufacturing expenses and activities. We also expect to incur substantial
expenses without corresponding revenues, unless and until we are able to obtain regulatory approval and successfully license or commercialize
our product candidates. If our product candidates fail in clinical trials or do not gain regulatory approval, or if our products do not
achieve market acceptance, we may never become profitable. 

We
may never be able to obtain regulatory approval for the marketing of our product candidates in any indication in the United States or
internationally. As we commercialize and market products, we will need to incur expenses for product marketing and brand awareness and
conduct significant research, development, testing and regulatory compliance activities that, together with general and administrative
expenses, could result in substantial operating losses for the foreseeable future. Even if we do achieve profitability, we may not be
able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our stock price may decline, and you may lose all or a substantial
part of your investment in us. 

27 

We
have limited cash resources and will require additional financing. 

Since
inception, we have not generated any revenue, have incurred net losses, have used net cash in our operations and have funded our business
and operations primarily through proceeds from the sale of our securities. We expect to continue to require significant future financing
to fund our operating activities and to use cash in operating activities for the foreseeable future as we continue our research and development
activities to develop products that can be commercialized to generate revenue. Our ability to obtain additional financing will be subject
to many factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and investor sentiment. If we are unable to raise additional
capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization
of one or more of our product candidates, restrict our operations or obtain funds by entering into agreements on unattractive terms,
which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, stock price and our relationships with third parties with whom we
have business relationships, at least until additional funding is obtained. If we do not have sufficient funds to continue operations,
we could be required to seek bankruptcy protection or other alternatives that would likely result in our stockholders losing some or
all of their investment in us. 

We
may seek additional capital through a combination of private and public equity offerings, debt financings and strategic collaborations,
including sales of our common stock under our agreement with Lincoln Park, LLC or through a future at-the-market offering. If
we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt securities, the percentage ownership of our stockholders
could be significantly diluted, and these newly issued securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of existing
stockholders. Debt, receivables and royalty financings may be coupled with an equity component, such as warrants to purchase stock, which
could also result in dilution of our existing stockholders ownership. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased
fixed payment obligations and could also result in certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional
debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely
impact our ability to conduct our business and may result in liens being placed on our assets and intellectual property. If we were to
default on such indebtedness, we could lose such assets and intellectual property. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships
and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our product candidates or grant
licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic may disrupt our operations and affect our ability to successfully conduct clinical studies
and raise capital. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic continues to have a negative impact on the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created volatility and
disruption in the financial and capital markets. We are unable to accurately predict the full impact the COVID-19 will have on our future
results from operations, financial condition, and scientific and clinical activities due to numerous factors that are not within our
control, including the duration and severity of the outbreak, stay-at-home orders, business closures, travel restrictions, supply chain
disruptions and employee illness or quarantines, which could result in disruptions to our operations and adversely impact our results
from operations and financial condition. In addition, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in ongoing volatility in the financial and capital
markets. If our access to capital is restricted or associated borrowing costs increase as a result of developments in financial markets
relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. 

Along
with uNL being a rare disease, COVID-19 had a negative impact on the enrollment of patients in our PCS499 Phase 2B trial. In February
2023, after having experienced a significantly slower than expected enrollment rate with no signs of improvement, we decided to stop
enrollment of new patients into the trial, effectively terminating it. Potential patients had died from COVID-19 complications prior
to screening, and we had patients who were reluctant to travel to our testing sites for fear of contracting COVID-19. While we are hopeful
the infection rate of COVID-19 will continue to decline, we cannot predict the future impact COVID-19 or future pandemics from other
viruses will have on our current and future clinical trials. 

28 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be limited. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards of approximately 24.0 million for federal and state income tax available
to offset future taxable income, and federal and state research and development tax credits of approximately 1.0 million, prior to consideration
of annual limitations that may be imposed under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Section 382). NOL carryforwards
prior to 2018 will expire in 2037 if not utilized. 

Our
NOL and tax credit carryforwards could expire unused and be unavailable to
offset future income tax liabilities. Under Section 382, and corresponding provisions of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership
change, generally defined as a greater than 50 change, by value, in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s
ability to use its pre-change NOLs and other pre-change tax attributes, such as research and development tax credits, to offset its post-change
income may be limited. We have not completed a Sec. 382 study and as such our net operating loss carryforwards may be subject to such
limitation. 

In
addition, we may experience additional ownership changes in the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, including
through completed or contemplated financings, some of which may be outside of our control. If we determine that a future ownership change
has occurred and our ability to use our historical net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards is materially limited, it would harm
our future operating results by effectively increasing our future tax obligations. 

Risks
Relating to Clinical Development and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates 

We
currently do not have, and may never develop, any FDA-approved, licensed or commercialized products. 

We
have not yet sought to obtain any regulatory approvals for any product candidates in the United States or in any foreign market. For
us to develop any products that might be licensed or commercialized, we will have to invest further time and capital in research and
product development, regulatory compliance and market development. Therefore, we and our licensors, prospective business partners and
other collaborators may never develop any products that can be licensed or commercialized. All our development efforts will require
substantial additional funding, none of which may result in any revenue. 

Our
licenses are subject to termination by the licensor in certain circumstances. 

Our
rights to practice the inventions claimed in the licensed patents and patent applications are subject to our licensors abiding by the
terms of those licenses and not terminating them. Our licenses may be terminated by the licensor if we are in material breach of certain
terms or conditions of the license agreement or in certain other circumstances. Our license agreements each include provisions that allow
the licensor to terminate the license if (i) we breach any payment obligation or other material provision under the agreement and fail
to cure the breach within a fixed time following written notice of termination; (ii) we or any of our affiliates, licensees or sublicensees
directly or indirectly challenge the validity, enforceability, or extension of any of the licensed patents; or (iii) we declare bankruptcy
or dissolve. The majority of license agreements require us to satisfy due diligence milestones that relate to the development of new
products containing the licensed drug or the agreement may be terminated by such counterparty. Our rights under these licenses are subject
to our continued compliance with the terms of the license, including the payment of royalties due under the licenses. Termination of
any of these licenses could prevent us from marketing some or all of our products. Because of the complexity of our products and the
patents we have licensed, determining the scope of the license and related royalty obligations can be difficult and can lead to disputes
between us and the licensor. An unfavorable resolution of such a dispute could lead to an increase in the royalties payable pursuant
to the license. If a licensor believed we were not paying the royalties due under the license or were otherwise not in compliance with
the terms of the license, the licensor might attempt to revoke the license. If such an attempt were successful, we might be barred from
producing and selling some or all of our products. 

29 

We
depend entirely on the successful development of our product candidates, which have not yet demonstrated efficacy for their target indications
in clinical trials. We may never be able to demonstrate efficacy for our product candidates, thus preventing us from licensing, obtaining
marketing approval by any regulatory agency, and/or commercializing our product(s). 

Our
product candidates are either in the early stages of clinical development or late stages of preclinical development. Significant additional
research and development activity and clinical testing are required before we will have a chance to achieve a viable product for licensing
or commercialization from such candidates. Our research and development efforts remain subject to all the risks associated with the development
of new biopharmaceutical products and treatments. Development of the underlying technology may be affected by unanticipated technical
or other problems, among other research and development issues, and the possible insufficiency of funds needed in order to complete development
of these product candidates. Safety, regulatory and efficacy issues, clinical hurdles or other challenges may result in delays and cause
us to incur additional expenses that would increase our losses. If we and our collaborators cannot complete, or if we experience significant
delays in developing, our potential therapeutics or products for use in potential commercial applications, particularly after incurring
significant expenditures, our business may fail, and investors may lose the entirety of their investment. 

When
we submit an IND or foreign equivalent to the FDA or international regulatory authorities seeking approval to initiate clinical trials
in the United States and other countries, we may not be successful in obtaining acceptance from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
authorities to start our clinical trials. If we do not obtain such acceptance, the time in which we expect to commence clinical programs
for any product candidate will be extended and such extension will increase our expenses and increase our need for additional capital.
Moreover, there is no guarantee that our clinical trials will be successful or that we will continue clinical development in support
of an approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any indication. We note that most drug candidates never
reach the clinical development stage and even those that do commence clinical development have only a small chance of successfully completing
clinical development and gaining regulatory approval. Therefore, our business currently depends entirely on the successful development,
regulatory approval, and licensing or commercialization of our product candidates, which may never occur. 

We
must successfully complete clinical trials for our product candidates before we can apply for marketing approval. 

Even
if we complete our clinical trials, it does not assure marketing approval. Our clinical trials may be unsuccessful, which would materially
harm our business. Even if our initial clinical trials are successful, we are required to conduct additional clinical trials to establish
our product candidates safety and efficacy before submitting an NDA. Clinical testing is expensive, difficult to design and
implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. Success in early phases of pre-clinical and clinical trials
does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final
results. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. We may experience numerous unforeseen events
during, or as a result of, the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize
our product candidates. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, approval, sale, marketing, advertising and
promotion, pricing, export, import and distribution of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities in the United States and other countries, which regulations differ from country to country. 

We
are not permitted to market our product candidates as prescription pharmaceutical products in the United States until we receive approval
of an NDA from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from such countries. 

30 

We
have little corporate history of conducting clinical trials. Our planned clinical trials or those of our collaborators may reveal significant
adverse events, toxicities or other side effects not seen in our preclinical studies and may result in a safety profile that could inhibit
regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of our product candidates. 

Our
operations to date have been limited to financing and staffing, conducting
research and developing our core technologies, identifying and optimizing our lead product clinical candidates, performing due diligence
on other potential drug in-licensing opportunities and further moving the clinical product candidates through the development programs
identified. Some of the activities in the development programs include receiving FDA IND clearance on one indication for two product candidates,
completing a Phase 2A trial for PCS12852 in gastroparesis patients, conducting a Phase 1B trial for PCS6422 in patients with advanced
gastrointestinal tumors, completing a Phase 1 healthy human volunteer trial, completing a Phase 2A clinical trial and conducting a Phase
2 clinical trial in patients with NL and receiving FDA orphan designation on PCS499 in NL. Other activities include improving the manufacturing
of PCS499, PCS6422 and PCS11T final products and developing regulatory strategy plans for each of the products including expedited review
plans, as applicable. Although we have recruited a team that has experience with clinical trials in the United States and outside the
United States, as a company, we have only conducted four clinical trials in any jurisdiction and have not had previous experience commercializing
product candidates through the FDA or similar submissions to initiate clinical trials or obtain marketing authorization to foreign regulatory
authorities. We cannot be certain that other planned clinical trials will begin or be completed on time, if at all; that our development
program and studies would be acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities; or that, if regulatory approval is obtained, our product
candidates can be successfully commercialized. Clinical trials and commercializing our product candidates will require significant additional
financial and management resources, and reliance on third-party clinical investigators, CROs, consultants and collaborators. Relying on
third-party clinical investigators, CROs or collaborators may result in delays that are outside of our control. 

Furthermore,
we may not have the financial resources to continue development of, or to enter into collaborations for, a product candidate if we experience
any problems or other unforeseen events that delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, product candidates. 

Some
preclinical studies and early clinical studies of our product candidates
have been completed, but we do not know the predictive value of these studies for our targeted population of patients, and we cannot guarantee
that any positive results in these studies will translate successfully to the larger targeted population of patients. It is not uncommon
to observe results in human clinical trials that are unexpected based on preclinical testing or early clinical studies, and many product
candidates fail in clinical trials despite promising preclinical or early clinical results. Moreover, preclinical and clinical data are
often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily
in preclinical studies and clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval for their products. Human patients in
clinical trials may suffer significant adverse events or other side effects not observed in our preclinical studies, including, but not
limited to, immunogenic responses, organ toxicities such as liver, heart or kidney or other tolerability issues or possibly even death.
The observed potency and kinetics of our planned product candidates in preclinical studies may not be observed in human clinical trials.
If clinical trials of our planned product candidates fail to demonstrate efficacy to the satisfaction of regulatory authorities or do
not otherwise produce positive results, we may incur additional costs or experience delays in completing, or ultimately be unable to complete,
the development and commercialization of our planned product candidates which may result in complete loss of expenditures which we devote
to those products. 

We
may have difficulty recruiting patients to the clinical trial, patients may drop out of our trial, or we may be required to abandon the
trial or our development efforts of that product candidate altogether. We, the FDA, an Institutional Review Board IRB ),
or other applicable regulatory authorities may suspend clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including
a belief that subjects in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. Some potential therapeutics
developed in the biotechnology industry that initially showed therapeutic promise in early-stage studies have later been found to cause
side effects that prevented their further development. Even if the side effects do not preclude the drug from obtaining or maintaining
marketing approval, undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance of the approved product due to its tolerability versus other
therapies. Any of these developments could materially harm our business, financial condition, and prospects. 

Further,
if any of our product candidates obtains marketing approval, toxicities associated with our product candidates may also develop after
such approval and lead to a requirement to conduct additional clinical safety trials, additional warnings being added to the labeling,
significant restrictions on the use of the product or the withdrawal of the product from the market. We cannot predict whether our product
candidates will cause toxicities in humans that would preclude or lead to the revocation of regulatory approval based on preclinical
studies or early-stage clinical testing. However, any such event, were it to occur, would cause substantial harm to our business and
financial condition and would result in the diversion of our management s attention. 

31 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we may not be able to successfully license or commercialize the
product and the revenue that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited. 

If
approved for marketing, the commercial success of our product candidates will depend upon each product s acceptance by the medical
community (including physicians, patients and health care payors) and the potential competitive products available to the patients upon
commercialization. The degree of market acceptance for any of our product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration
 of clinical safety and efficacy; 

relative
 convenience, dosing burden and ease of administration; 

the
 prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; 

the
 willingness of physicians to prescribe our product candidates, and the target patient population to try new therapies; 

efficacy
 of our product candidates compared to competing products; 

the
 introduction of any new products that may in the future become available targeting indications for which our product candidates may
 be approved; 

new
 procedures or therapies that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which our product candidates may show utility; 

pricing
 and cost-effectiveness; 

the
 inclusion or omission of our product candidates in treatment guidelines; 

the
 effectiveness of our own or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

limitations
 or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government health care programs, including Medicare
 and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government
 bodies regulating the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and 

the
 willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement or government pricing approvals. 

If
any of our product candidates are approved, but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care payors and
patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the
medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be
successful. 

In
addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals, the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce our ability to commercialize
our product candidates successfully. For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other
companies the ability to develop competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be
limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render our product candidates not commercially viable. 

32 

We
are completely dependent on third parties to manufacture our product candidates, and our commercialization of our product candidates
could be halted, delayed or made less profitable if those third parties fail to obtain manufacturing approval from the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of our product candidates or fail to do so at acceptable
quality levels or prices. 

We
do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the capability or infrastructure to manufacture the active pharmaceutical ingredient,
or API, in our product candidates for use in our clinical trials or for commercial products. In addition, we do not have the capability
to formulate any of our product candidates into a finished drug product for commercial distribution. As a result, we will be obligated
to rely on contract manufacturers, if and when any of our product candidates are approved for commercialization. We have not entered
into an agreement with any contract manufacturers for commercial supply and may not be able to engage a contract manufacturer for commercial
supply of any of our product candidates on favorable terms to us, or at all. 

The
facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be approved by the FDA or comparable foreign
regulatory authorities pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA or their equivalents to
other relevant regulatory authorities. We will not control the manufacturing process of, and will be completely dependent on, our contract
manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMPs to manufacture both active drug substances and finished drug products. These cGMP regulations
cover all aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control and record keeping relating to our product candidates. If our contract
manufacturers do not successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of
the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. If the FDA
or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it
withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact
our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. 

Our
contract manufacturers will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies
for compliance with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements. We will not have control over our contract manufacturers compliance
with these regulations and standards. Failure by any of our contract manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could result
in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure to grant approval to market any of our product
candidates, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly
and adversely affect our business. In addition, we will not have control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate
quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Failure by our contract manufacturers to comply with or maintain any of these
standards could adversely affect our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market any of our product candidates. 

If,
for any reason, these third parties are unable or unwilling to perform, we may not be able to terminate our agreements with them, and
we may not be able to locate alternative manufacturers or formulators or enter into favorable agreements with them and we cannot be certain
that any such third parties will have the manufacturing capacity to meet future requirements. If these manufacturers or any alternate
manufacturer of finished drug product experiences any significant difficulties in its respective manufacturing processes for our API
or finished products or should cease doing business with us, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our
product candidates or may not be able to create a supply of our product candidates at all. Were we to encounter manufacturing issues,
our ability to produce a sufficient supply of any of our product candidates might be negatively affected. Our inability to coordinate
the efforts of our third-party manufacturing partners, or the lack of capacity available at our third-party manufacturing partners, could
impair our ability to supply any of our product candidates at required levels. Because of the significant regulatory requirements that
we would need to satisfy in order to qualify a new bulk or finished product manufacturer, if we face these or other difficulties with
our current manufacturing partners, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our product candidates if we
decided to transfer the manufacture of any of our product candidates to one or more alternative manufacturers in an effort to deal with
the difficulties. 

Any
manufacturing problem or the loss of a contract manufacturer could be disruptive to our operations and result in lost sales. Additionally,
we rely on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture our potential products. Any reliance on suppliers may involve
several risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control over production costs, delivery schedules,
reliability and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to a future contract manufacturer caused by problems at suppliers could delay shipment
of any of our product candidates, increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales. 

We
cannot guarantee that our future manufacturing and supply partners will be able to reduce the costs of commercial scale manufacturing
of any of our product candidates over time. If the commercial-scale manufacturing costs of any of our product candidates are higher than
expected, these costs may significantly impact our operating results. In order to reduce costs, we may need to develop and implement
process improvements. However, in order to do so, we will need, from time to time, to notify or make submissions with regulatory authorities,
and the improvements may be subject to approval by such regulatory authorities. We cannot be sure that we will receive these necessary
approvals or that these approvals will be granted in a timely fashion. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to enhance and optimize
output in our commercial manufacturing process. If we cannot enhance and optimize output, we may not be able to reduce our costs over
time. 

33 

Even
if we obtain marketing approval for any of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory
review, which may result in significant additional expenses. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates for an indication, the FDA or foreign equivalent may still impose
significant restrictions on their indicated uses or marketing or the conditions of approval or impose ongoing requirements for potentially
costly and time-consuming post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and post-market surveillance to monitor safety and
efficacy. Our product candidates will also be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging,
storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and reporting of adverse events and other post-market
information. These requirements include registration with the FDA, as well as continued compliance with current Good Clinical Practices
(cGCPs) for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject
to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations, requirements
relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents. Compliance with such regulations
may result in significant costs and expenses. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining
regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. 

Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or
maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may
have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product
candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of
the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative
review periods different from those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical studies
conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the
United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some
cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. 

Obtaining
foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and
costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory
requirements in international markets and/or to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability
to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 

Recently
enacted and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product
candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes
regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval
activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our product candidates. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand
post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We do not know whether additional
legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact
of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress
of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product
labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

34 

We
could face competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results would suffer if we fail to innovate
and compete effectively. 

Our
products are used for indications where we believe that there is an unmet medical need. If existing or newly approved drug products,
whether approved by the FDA for the indication or not, are able to successfully treat the same patients, it may be more difficult to
perform clinical studies, to develop our product and/or to commercialize our product, adversely affecting our business. Since the biopharmaceutical
industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation, our competitors may be able to develop other compounds or drugs
that are able to achieve similar or better results than our product candidates. Our competitors may include major multinational pharmaceutical
companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, and universities and other research institutions.
Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as a larger research and development
staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations, established relationships with CROs and other collaborators, as well
as established sales forces. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative
arrangements with large, established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result
in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial
applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or
with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are
more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates, or may develop proprietary technologies
or secure patent protection and, in turn, exclude us from technologies that we may need for the development of our technologies and potential
products. 

Even
if we obtain regulatory approval of any of our product candidates, we may not be the first to market and that may negatively affect the
price or demand for our product candidates. Additionally, we may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of our
product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment to
our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates for
use in limited circumstances. Furthermore, for drugs that receive orphan drug designation at the FDA, a competitor could obtain orphan
product approval from the FDA with respect to such competitor s drug product. If such competitor drug product is determined to
be the same product as one of our product candidates, we may be prevented from obtaining approval from the FDA for such product candidate
for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, and we may be subject to similar restrictions under non-U.S.
regulations. 

We
rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials for our product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their
contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize any of our product
candidates and our business would be substantially harmed. 

We
have entered into agreements with third-party CROs to conduct and manage our clinical programs including contracting with clinical sites
to perform our clinical studies. We rely heavily on these parties for execution of clinical studies for our product candidates and will
control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we will be responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted
in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on CROs and clinical sites will
not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs will be required to comply with cGCPs, which are regulations and guidelines
enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign regulatory authorities
for any products in clinical development. The FDA and its foreign equivalents enforce these cGCP regulations through periodic inspections
of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs, the clinical data
generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to
perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA or
other regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with cGCPs. In addition, our clinical trials must
be conducted with products produced under cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test subjects. Our failure or the failure
of our CROs or clinical sites to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory
approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action up to and including civil and criminal penalties. 

Although
we design the clinical trials for our product candidates in consultation with CROs, the CROs will manage all of the clinical trials conducted
at contracted clinical sites. As a result, many important aspects of our drug development programs would be outside of our direct control.
In addition, the CROs and clinical sites may not perform all of their obligations under arrangements with us or in compliance with regulatory
requirements. If the CROs or clinical sites do not perform clinical trials in a satisfactory manner, breach their obligations to us or
fail to comply with regulatory requirements, the development and commercialization of any of our product candidates for the subject indication
may be delayed or our development program materially and irreversibly harmed. We cannot control the amount and timing of resources these
CROs and clinical sites will devote to our program or any of our product candidates. If we are unable to rely on clinical data collected
by our CROs, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase the size of our clinical trials, which could significantly
delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. 

If
any of our relationships with these third-party CROs or clinical sites terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with
alternative CROs or clinical sites. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines,
if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere
to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, any such clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated,
and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial
results and the commercial prospects for any of our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate
revenue could be delayed. 

35 

Clinical
drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not
be predictive of future trial results. 

Clinical
testing of drug product candidates is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure
can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive
of the results of later-stage clinical trials. We cannot assure you that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will view
the results as we do or that any future trials of any of our product candidates will achieve positive results. Product candidates in
later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through pre-clinical
studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced
clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Any future clinical
trial results for our product candidates may not be successful. 

In
addition, a number of factors could contribute to a lack of favorable safety and efficacy results for any of our product candidates.
For example, such trials could result in increased variability due to varying site characteristics, such as local standards of care,
differences in evaluation period and surgical technique, and due to varying patient characteristics including demographic factors and
health status. 

Even
though we may apply for orphan drug designation for a product candidate, we may not be able to obtain orphan drug marketing exclusivity. 

There
is no guarantee that the FDA, EMA or their foreign equivalents will grant any future application for orphan drug designation for any
of our product candidates, which would make us ineligible for the additional exclusivity and other benefits of orphan drug designation.
Even where orphan drug designation or equivalent status is granted, there is no guarantee of orphan drug marketing exclusivity. 

Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally
a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation
that the cost of developing and making a drug available in the Unites States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered
from sales of the product. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation,
the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation does
not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of regulatory review and approval process. 

If
a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other applications to market
the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as (i) the drug s orphan designation
is revoked; (ii) its marketing approval is withdrawn; (iii) the orphan exclusivity holder consents to the approval of another applicant s
product; (iv) the orphan exclusivity holder is unable to assure the availability of a sufficient quantity of drug; or (v) a showing of
clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by a competitor product. If a drug designated as an orphan product receives
marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. While the FDA
granted orphan-drug designation to PCS499 for the treatment of NL and to PCS3117 for the treatment of pancreatic cancer, there can be
no assurance that we will receive orphan drug designation for any additional product candidates in the indications for which we think
they might qualify, if we elect to seek such applications. 

36 

Although
we may pursue expedited regulatory approval pathways for a product candidate, it may not qualify for expedited development or, if it
does qualify for expedited development, it may not actually lead to a faster development, regulatory review or approval process. 

Although
we believe there may be an opportunity to accelerate the development of certain of our product candidates through one or more of the
FDA s expedited programs, such as fast track, breakthrough therapy, accelerated approval or priority review, we cannot be assured
that any of our product candidates will qualify for such programs. 

For
example, a drug may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the drug is intended, alone or in combination with one or
more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate
substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Although breakthrough designation or
access to any other expedited program may expedite the development or approval process, it does not change the standards for approval.
If we apply for an expedited program for our product candidates, the FDA may determine that our proposed target indication or other aspects
of our clinical development plans do not qualify for such expedited program. Even if we are successful in obtaining access to an expedited
program, we may not experience faster development timelines or achieve faster review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures.
Access to an expedited program may also be withdrawn by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from
our clinical development program. Additionally, qualification for any expedited review procedure does not ensure that we will ultimately
obtain regulatory approval for such product candidate. 

Third-party
coverage and reimbursement, health care cost containment initiatives and treatment guidelines may constrain our future revenues. 

Our
ability to successfully market our product candidates will depend in part on the level of reimbursement that government health administration
authorities, private health coverage insurers and other organizations provide for the cost of our products and related treatments. Countries
in which any of our product candidates may be sold through reimbursement schemes under national health insurance programs frequently
require that manufacturers and sellers of pharmaceutical products obtain governmental approval of initial prices and any subsequent price
increases. In certain countries, including the United States, government-funded and private medical care plans can exert significant
indirect pressure on prices. We may not be able to sell our product candidates profitably if adequate prices are not approved or coverage
and reimbursement is unavailable or limited in scope. 

Legal,
regulatory and legislative changes with respect to reimbursement, pricing and contracting may adversely affect our business and future
prospects. 

Federal
and state governments may adopt policies affecting drug pricing and contracting practices outside of the context of federal programs
such as Medicare and Medicaid, which may adversely affect our business. For example, several states have adopted laws that require drug
manufacturers to provide advance notice of certain price increases and to report information relating to those price increases. On May
11, 2018, the Department of Health and Human Services requested comments on a Blueprint to Lower Drug Prices and Reduce Out-of-Pocket
Costs, which outlines a wide range of proposals and policy considerations intended to improve competition; lower patient out-of-pocket
costs; enhance negotiation; and provide incentives for lower manufacturer list prices. Some of the proposals would require Congressional
approval, while others could be adopted administratively. There can be no assurances that future changes to Medicare and/or Medicaid
prescription drug reimbursement policies, drug pricing and contracting practices, or government drug price regulation programs such as
the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program or 340B Drug Pricing Program will not have an adverse impact on our business and future prospects. 

We
cannot predict what healthcare reform initiatives may be adopted in the future. Further federal, state and foreign legislative and regulatory
developments are likely, and we expect ongoing initiatives to increase pressure on drug pricing. Such reforms could have an adverse effect
on anticipated revenues from product candidates and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 

37 

We
may face product liability exposure, and if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability if our insurance
coverage for those claims is inadequate. 

We
face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater
risk if we commercialize any products. This risk exists even if a product is approved for commercial sale by the FDA and manufactured
in facilities licensed and regulated by the FDA or an applicable foreign regulatory authority. Our products and product candidates are
designed to affect important bodily functions and processes. Any side effects, manufacturing defects, misuse or abuse associated with
our product candidates could result in injury to a patient or even death. We cannot offer any assurance that we will not face product
liability suits in the future, or that our insurance coverage will be sufficient to cover our liability in any such cases. 

In
addition, a liability claim may be brought against us even if our product candidates merely appear to have caused an injury. Product
liability claims may be brought against us by consumers, health care providers, pharmaceutical companies or others selling or otherwise
coming into contact with our product candidates, among others. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims,
we will incur substantial liabilities and reputational harm. In addition, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability
claims may result in: 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

termination
 of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 

the
 inability to commercialize our product candidates; 

decreased
 demand for our product candidates; 

impairment
 of our business reputations; 

product
 recall or withdrawal from the market or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

substantial
 costs of any related litigation or similar disputes; 

distractions
 of management s attention and other resources from our primary business; 

substantial
 monetary awards to patients or other claimants against us that may not be covered by insurance; or 

loss
 of revenue. 

We
have obtained product liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials. However, large judgments have been awarded in class action
or individual lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all
of our product liability related expenses or losses and may not cover us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance
coverage is becoming increasingly expensive, and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost,
in sufficient amounts or upon adequate terms to protect us against losses due to product liability. We will need to increase our product
liability coverage if any of our product candidates receive regulatory approval, which will be costly, and we may be unable to obtain
this increased product liability insurance on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. A successful product liability claim or series
of claims brought against us could cause our stock price to decline and, if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our
cash and could harm our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 

38 

If
any of our product candidates are approved for marketing and we are found to have improperly promoted off-label uses, or if physicians
misuse our products or use our products off-label, we may become subject to prohibitions on the sale or marketing of our products, product
liability claims and significant fines, penalties and sanctions, and our brand and reputation could be harmed. 

The
FDA and other regulatory agencies strictly regulate the marketing and promotional claims that are made about drug products. In particular,
a product may not be promoted for uses or indications that are not approved by the FDA or such other regulatory agencies as reflected
in the product s approved labeling and comparative safety or efficacy claims cannot be made without direct comparative clinical
data. If we are found to have promoted off-label uses of any of our product candidates, we may become subject to significant liability,
which would materially harm our business. Both federal and state governments have levied large civil and criminal fines against companies
for alleged improper promotion and have enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. If we become the target of such
an investigation or prosecution based on our marketing and promotional practices, we could face similar sanctions, which would materially
harm our business. In addition, management s attention could be diverted from our business operations, significant legal expenses
could be incurred, and our brand and reputation could be damaged. 

The
FDA has also requested that companies enter into consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is
changed or curtailed. If we are deemed by the FDA to have engaged in the promotion of our products for off-label use, we could be subject
to FDA regulatory or enforcement actions, including the issuance of an untitled letter, a warning letter, injunction, seizure, civil
fine or criminal penalties. It is also possible that other federal, state or foreign enforcement authorities might take action if they
consider our business activities constitute promotion of an off-label use, which could result in significant penalties, including criminal,
civil or administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs and the
curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 

We
cannot, however, prevent a physician from using our product candidates outside of those indications for use when in the physician s
independent professional medical judgment he or she deems appropriate. Physicians may also misuse our product candidates or use improper
techniques, potentially leading to adverse results, side effects or injury, which may lead to product liability claims. If our product
candidates are misused or used with improper technique, we may become subject to costly litigation by physicians or their patients. Furthermore,
the use of our product candidates for indications other than those cleared by the FDA may not effectively treat such conditions, which
could harm our reputation among physicians and patients. 

We
may choose not to continue developing or commercializing any of our product candidates at any time during development or after approval,
which would reduce or eliminate our potential return on investment for those product candidates. 

At
any time, we may decide to discontinue the development of any of our product candidates or not to continue commercializing one or more
of our approved product candidates for a variety of reasons, including changes in our internal product, technology or indication focus,
the appearance of new technologies that make our product obsolete, competition from a competing product or changes in or failure to comply
with applicable regulatory requirements. If we terminate a program in which we have invested significant resources, we will not receive
any return on our investment, and we will have missed the opportunity to have allocated those resources to potentially more productive
uses. 

39 

Risks
Relating to Our Intellectual Property Rights 

We
depend on rights to certain pharmaceutical compounds that are or will be licensed to us. We do not own the intellectual property rights
to these pharmaceutical compounds and any loss of our rights to them could prevent us from selling our products. 

Within
our present pipeline and potentially future pipeline of drugs, our drugs are in-licensed from other biotech or pharmaceutical companies.
We do not currently own any intellectual property rights, including the patents that underlie these licenses. Our rights to use the pharmaceutical
compounds we license are subject to the negotiation of, continuation of and compliance with the terms of those licenses. Thus, these
patents and patent applications are not written by us or our attorneys, and we did not have control over the drafting and prosecution.
The former patent owners and our licensors might not have given the same attention to the drafting and prosecution of these patents and
applications as we would have if we had been the owners of the patents and applications and had control over the drafting. Moreover,
under certain of our licenses, patent prosecution activities remain under the control of the licensor. We cannot be certain that drafting
of the licensed patents and patent applications, or patent prosecution, by the licensors have been or will be conducted in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations or will result in valid and enforceable patents and other intellectual property rights. 

Significant
additional research and development activity, pre-clinical testing, and/or clinical testing of our drug product candidates are required
before we will have a chance to achieve a viable product for licensing or commercialization. Our business currently depends entirely
on the successful development, regulatory approval, and licensing or commercialization of our product candidates, which may never occur. 

Enforcement
of our licensed patents or defense of any claims asserting invalidity of these patents is often subject to the control or cooperation
of our licensors. Legal action could be initiated against the owners of the intellectual property that we license and an adverse outcome
in such legal action could harm our business because it might prevent such companies or institutions from continuing to license intellectual
property that we may need to operate our business. In addition, such licensors may resolve such litigation in a way that benefits them
but adversely affects our ability to have freedom to operate to develop and commercialize our product candidates. 

We
cannot ensure protection of our licensed intellectual property rights. 

Our
commercial success will depend, in part, on the ability of our licensors to obtain and maintain patent protection for our licensed technologies,
products and processes, successfully defend these licensed patents against third-party challenges and successfully enforce these patents
against third-party competitors. The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal,
scientific and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations
of patent laws may diminish the value of our licensed intellectual property rights. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims
that may be allowable or enforceable in our patents. The existing patents and patent applications relating to our drug product candidates
may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties and might not protect us against competitors with similar products or
technologies. 

The
degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain. We may not be able to adequately protect our rights, gain or keep
our competitive advantage, or provide any competitive advantage at all. For example, others have filed, and in the future are likely
to file, patent applications covering products and technologies that are similar, identical or competitive to any of our product candidates,
or important to our business. We cannot be certain that any patent application owned by a third party will not have priority over patent
applications licensed or filed by us, or that our licensed intellectual property or intellectual property that we develop in the future
will not be involved in interference, opposition or invalidity proceedings before United States or foreign patent offices. 

In
the future, we may rely on know-how and trade secrets to protect technology, especially in cases when we believe patent protection is
not appropriate or obtainable. However, know-how and trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we intend to require employees, academic
collaborators, consultants and other contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately protect our
trade secrets or other proprietary or licensed information. Typically, research collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to
publish data and information in which we may also have rights. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our licensed or owned proprietary
technology and other confidential information, our ability to protect valuable information licensed or owned by us may be imperiled.
Enforcing a claim that a third-party entity illegally obtained and is using any of our licensed or owned know-how and trade secrets is
expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets
than patents. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 

If
we fail to obtain or maintain patent or trade secret protection for our product candidates or our technologies, third parties could use
our licensed or owned intellectual property, which could impair our ability to compete in the market and adversely affect our ability
to generate revenues and attain profitability. 

We
may also rely on the trademarks we may develop to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors. We cannot guarantee
that any trademark applications filed by our licensors, us, or our business partners will be approved. Third parties may also oppose
such trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that the trademarks we use are successfully
challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote
resources to advertising and marketing new brands. Further, we cannot provide assurance that competitors will not infringe the trademarks
we use, or that we, our licensors, or business partners will have adequate resources to enforce these trademarks. 

40 

Our
product candidates may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent our development
and commercialization efforts. 

Our
success depends in part on avoiding infringement of the proprietary technologies of others. The pharmaceutical industry has been characterized
by frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Identification of third-party patent rights that may
be relevant to our licensed technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among patents,
incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. Additionally, because patent applications are maintained
in secrecy until the application is published, we may be unaware of third-party patents that may be infringed by commercialization of
any of our licensed product candidates or any future product candidate. There may be certain issued patents and patent applications claiming
subject matter that we may be required to license in order to research, develop or commercialize any of our product candidates, and we
do not know if such patents and patent applications would be available to license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any claims
of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time-consuming and may divert the time and attention of our technical personnel
and management. 

Third
parties may hold proprietary rights that could prevent any of our licensed product candidates from being marketed. Any patent-related
legal action against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to any of our product candidates or our
processes could subject us to potential liability for damages and require us to obtain a license and pay royalties to continue to manufacture
or market any of our product candidates or any future product candidates. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any such actions
or that any license required under any of these patents would be made available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In addition,
we cannot be sure that we could redesign our product candidates or any future product candidates or processes to avoid infringement,
if necessary. Accordingly, an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or the failure to obtain necessary licenses,
could prevent us from developing and commercializing any of our product candidates or a future product candidate, which could harm our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

A
number of companies, including several major pharmaceutical companies, have conducted, or are conducting, research within the licensed
fields in which we intend to operate, which has resulted, or may result, in the filing of many patent applications related to this research.
If we were to challenge the validity of these or any issued United States patent in court, we would need to overcome a statutory presumption
of validity that attaches to every issued United States patent. This means that, in order to prevail, we would have to present clear
and convincing evidence as to the invalidity of the patent s claims. If we were to challenge the validity of these or any issued
United States patent in an administrative trial before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board in the United States Patent and Trademark Office,
we would have to prove that the claims are unpatentable by a preponderance of the evidence. There is no assurance that a jury and/or
court would find in our favor on questions of infringement, validity or enforceability. 

Obtaining
and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements
imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements.

Periodic
maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and applications are required to be paid
to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the U.S. in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and applications.
The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment
and other similar provisions during the patent application process and after a patent has issued. There are situations in which non-compliance
can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the
relevant jurisdiction. 

41 

General
Company-Related Risks 

We
will need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

As
our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we may need to expand the size of our employee and consultant/contractor
base. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit,
maintain, motivate and integrate additional employees. In addition, our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount of its
attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. Our future
financial performance and our ability to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to manage any future growth effectively.
To that end, we must be able to: 

manage
 all our development efforts effectively, especially our clinical trials; 

integrate
 additional management, administrative, scientific, operation and regulatory personnel; 

maintain
 sufficient administrative, accounting and management information systems and controls; and 

hire
 and train additional qualified personnel. 

We
may not be able to accomplish these tasks, and our failure to accomplish any of them could harm our financial results. 

If
we lose key management personnel, or if we fail to recruit additional highly skilled personnel, our ability to identify and develop new
or next generation product candidates will be impaired, could result in loss of markets or market share and could make us less competitive. 

We
are highly dependent upon the principal members of our small management team and staff, including David Young, Pharm.D., Ph.D, our
Chief Executive Officer, and Sian Bigora, Pharm.D., our Chief Development and Regulatory Officer. The employment of Drs. Young and
Bigora may be terminated at any time by either us or Dr. Young or Dr. Bigora. The loss of any current or future team member could
impair our ability to design, identify, and develop new intellectual property and product candidates and new scientific or product
ideas. Additionally, if we lose the services of any of these persons, we would likely be forced to expend significant time and money
in the pursuit of replacements, which may result in a delay in the development of our product candidates and the implementation of
our business plan and plan of operations and diversion of our management s attention. We can give no assurance that we could
find satisfactory replacements for our current and future key scientific and management employees on terms that would not be unduly
expensive or burdensome to us. 

Despite
our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment
with us on short notice. Although we expect to have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements may still
allow these employees to leave our employment at any time, for or without cause. We do not maintain key man insurance policies
on the lives of these individuals or the lives of any of our other employees. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to
attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific
and medical and scientific personnel. 

42 

We
are exposed to cyber-attacks and data breaches, including the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining
integrity and security of our business information, as well as personal data of our guests, employees and business partners. 

We
are subject to cyber-attacks. These cyber-attacks can vary in scope and intent from attacks with the objective of compromising our systems,
networks and communications for economic gain to attacks with the objective of disrupting, disabling or otherwise compromising our operations.
The attacks can encompass a wide range of methods and intent, including phishing attacks, illegitimate requests for payment, theft of
intellectual property, theft of confidential or non-public information, installation of malware, installation of ransomware and theft
of personal or business information. The breadth and scope of these attacks, as well as the techniques and sophistication used to conduct
these attacks, have grown over time. 

A
successful cyber-attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party s inadequate care. In either scenario,
we may suffer damage to our systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand and expose
us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business.
Furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital
costs in systems technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments. 

In
addition, we are also subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information.
In the course of doing business, we collect employee, customer and other third-party data, including personally identifiable information
and individual credit data, for various business purposes. These laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to
jurisdiction. If we fail to comply with the various applicable data collection and privacy laws, we could be exposed to fines, penalties,
restrictions, litigation or other expenses, and our business could be adversely impacted. 

Any
breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of employee, third-party or company data, could adversely impact our reputation and expose us
to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely
affect our business. Significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future
breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those
whose data has been breached. Further, if we or our vendors experience significant data security breaches or fail to detect and appropriately
respond to significant data security breaches, we could be exposed to government enforcement actions and private litigation. 

43 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock 

Our failure to maintain
compliance with Nasdaq s continued listing requirements could result in the delisting of our Common Stock. 

Our
common stock is currently listed for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market. We must satisfy The Nasdaq Capital Market s continued
listing requirements, including, among other things, a minimum bid price requirement of 1.00 per share or risk delisting, which would
have a material adverse effect on our business. A delisting of our common stock from The Nasdaq Capital Market could materially reduce
the liquidity of our common stock and result in a corresponding material reduction in the price of our common stock. In addition, delisting
could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in
the potential loss of confidence by investors, suppliers, customers and employees and fewer business development opportunities. 

On
March 22, 2023, we received notice from the Listing Qualifications Staff of Nasdaq indicating that, based upon the closing bid price of
our common stock for the prior 30 consecutive business days, we were not in compliance with the requirement to maintain a minimum bid
price of 1.00 per share for continued listing on Nasdaq as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2). We will have 180 days from March
22, 2023, or through September 18, 2023, to regain compliance. If we do not regain compliance during the compliance period ending September
18, 2023, then Nasdaq may grant us a second 180 calendar day period to regain compliance, provided we meet the continued listing requirement
for market value of publicly-held shares and all other initial listing standards for The Nasdaq Capital Market, other than the minimum
closing bid price requirement, and notify Nasdaq of our intent to cure the deficiency. If we do not regain compliance within the allotted
compliance periods, including any extensions that may be granted by Nasdaq, we may be subject to delisting. If Nasdaq determines to delist
our common stock, we will have the right to appeal to the Nasdaq Hearings Panel. 

If
our common stock were delisted from Nasdaq, trading of our common stock would most likely take place on an over-the-counter market established
for unlisted securities, such as the OTCQB or the Pink Market maintained by OTC Markets Group Inc. An investor would likely find it less
convenient to sell, or to obtain accurate quotations in seeking to buy, our common stock on an over-the-counter market, and many investors
would likely not buy or sell our common stock due to difficulty in accessing over-the-counter markets, policies preventing them from trading
in securities not listed on a national exchange or other reasons. In addition, as a delisted security, our common stock would be subject
to SEC rules as a penny stock, which impose additional disclosure requirements on broker-dealers. The regulations relating
to penny stocks, coupled with the typically higher cost per trade to the investor of penny stocks due to factors such as broker commissions
generally representing a higher percentage of the price of a penny stock than of a higher-priced stock, would further limit the ability
of investors to trade in our common stock. In addition, delisting could harm our ability to raise capital through alternative financing
sources on terms acceptable to us, or at all, and may result in the potential loss of confidence by investors, suppliers, customers and
employees and fewer business development opportunities. For these reasons and others, delisting would adversely affect the liquidity,
trading volume and price of our common stock, causing the value of an investment in us to decrease and having an adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations, including our ability to attract and retain qualified employees and to raise
capital. 

Future
equity offerings, license transactions or acquisitions may dilute our existing stockholders ownership and/or have other adverse
effects on our operations. 

In
order to raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into
or exchangeable for our common stock at prices that may be higher or lower than what our existing stockholders paid and other securities
in the future could have rights superior to existing stockholders. 

In
addition, we may engage in one or more potential license transactions or acquisitions in the future, which could involve issuing our
common stock as some or all of the consideration payable by us to complete such transactions. If we issue common stock or securities
linked to our common stock, the newly issued securities may have a dilutive effect on the interests of the holders of our common stock.
Additionally, future sales of newly issued shares used to effect a transaction could depress the market price of our common stock. 

We
may also issue equity securities that provide rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our common stock. If we raise additional
funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have rights senior to those of our common stock and the terms of the debt
securities issued could impose significant restrictions on our operations, including liens on our assets. If we raise additional funds
through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we may be required to relinquish some rights to our technologies or candidate products,
or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

44 

Our
common stock price is expected to be volatile. 

The
market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations. Market prices for securities of early-stage pharmaceutical,
biotechnology and other life sciences companies have historically been particularly volatile. Some of the factors that may cause the
market price of our common stock to fluctuate include: 

relatively
 low trading volume, which can result in significant volatility in the market price of our common stock based on a relatively smaller
 number of trades and dollar amount of transactions; 

changes
 in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, who cover our common stock; 

the
 timing and results of our current and any future preclinical or clinical trials of our product candidates; 

the
 entry into or termination of key agreements, including, among others, key collaboration and license agreements; 

the
 results and timing of regulatory reviews relating to the approval of our product candidates; 

the
 initiation of, material developments in, or conclusion of, litigation to enforce or defend any of our intellectual property rights; 

failure
 of any of our product candidates, if approved, to achieve commercial success; 

general
 and industry-specific economic conditions that may affect our research and development expenditures; 

the
 results of clinical trials conducted by others on products that would compete with our product candidates; 

issues
 in manufacturing our product candidates or any approved products; 

the
 introduction of technological innovations or new commercial products by our competitors; 

developments
 or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 

future
 sales of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders; 

a
 negative outcome in any litigation or potential legal proceeding; 

additions
 and departures of key personnel; 

negative
 publicity or announcements regarding regulatory developments relating to our products; 

actual
 or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition and operating results, including our cash and cash equivalents balance, operating
 expenses, cash burn rate or revenue levels; 

our
 filing for protection under federal bankruptcy laws; or 

the
 other factors described in this Risk Factors section. 

The
stock markets in general have experienced substantial volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of individual
companies. These broad market fluctuations may also adversely affect the trading price of our common stock, especially in light of the
COVID-19 pandemic. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company s securities, stockholders have
often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. Such litigation, if instituted, could result in substantial
costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. 

We
are a smaller reporting company, and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to us as such may make our common stock
less attractive to our stockholders and investors. 

We
are a smaller reporting company under the federal securities laws and, as such, are subject to scaled disclosure requirements
afforded to such companies. For example, as a smaller reporting company, we are subject to reduced executive compensation disclosure
requirements. Our stockholders and investors may find our common stock less attractive as a result of our status as a smaller
reporting company and our reliance on the reduced disclosure requirements afforded to these companies. If some of our stockholders
or investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and the
market price of our common stock may be more volatile. 

45 

Our
executive officers, directors and principal stockholders and their affiliates, if they choose to act together, have the ability to exercise
significant influence over all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, which will limit your ability to influence corporate matters
and could delay or prevent a change in corporate control. 

Our
executive officers and directors, combined with our stockholders who owned more than 5 of our outstanding common stock and their respective
affiliates, in the aggregate, beneficially own shares representing approximately 23.1 of our outstanding capital stock. As a result,
if these stockholders were to choose to act together, they would be able to influence our management and affairs and potentially control
the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any sale, merger, consolidation,
or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of voting power may adversely affect the market price of our common
stock by: 

delaying,
 deferring or preventing a change in control; 

entrenching
 our management and the Board of Directors; 

impeding
 a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us that other stockholders may desire; and/or 

discouraging
 a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 

We
do not currently intend to pay dividends to our stockholders in the foreseeable future, and consequently, your ability to achieve a return
on your investment will depend on appreciation in our value. 

We
have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to
finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may preclude us from paying
dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be your sole source of gain for the foreseeable future.
There is no guarantee that our valuation will appreciate in value or even maintain the valuation at which our stockholders have purchased
their shares. 

If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they publish negative evaluations of our
stock or negative reports about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. 

The
trading market for our common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us or our business. We do not have any control over these analysts. We may never obtain research coverage by industry or financial analysts.
If no or few analysts commence coverage of us, the trading price of our stock would likely decrease. Even if we do obtain analyst coverage,
there can be no assurance that analysts will cover us or provide favorable coverage. If one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrades
our stock or changes his or her opinion of our stock, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage
of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause our stock
price or trading volume to decline. 

Provisions
in our corporate documents and Delaware law could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of us, even
if that change may be considered beneficial by some of our stockholders. 

The
existence of some provisions of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware law could have the effect of delaying, deferring,
or preventing a change in control of us that a stockholder may consider favorable. These provisions include: 

providing
 that the number of members of our Board is limited to a range fixed by our bylaws; 

establishing
 advance notice requirements for nominations of candidates for election to our Board of Directors or for proposing matters that can
 be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings; and 

authorizing
 the issuance of blank check preferred stock, which could be issued by our Board of Directors to issue securities with
 voting rights and thwart a takeover attempt. 

As
a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to provisions of Delaware law, including Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware. Section 203 prevents some stockholders holding more than 15 of our voting stock from engaging in certain business
combinations unless the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder was
approved in advance by our Board of Directors, results in the stockholder holding more than 85 of our voting stock (subject to certain
restrictions), or is approved at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by the holders of at least 66 2/3 of our voting stock
not held by the stockholder engaging in the transaction. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or Delaware
law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium
for their shares of our common stock and affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 

Provisions
in our bylaws provide for indemnification of officers and directors, which could require us to direct funds away from our business and
the development of our product candidates. 

Our
bylaws provide for the indemnification of our officers and directors. We may in the future be required to advance costs incurred by an
officer or director and to pay judgments, fines and expenses incurred by an officer or director, including reasonable attorneys 
fees, as a result of actions or proceedings in which our officers and directors are involved by reason of being or having been an officer
or director of our company. Funds paid in satisfaction of judgments, fines and expenses may be funds we need for the operation of our
business and the development of our product candidates, thereby affecting our ability to attain profitability. 

46 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties. 

Our
principal executive office is located at 7380 Coca Cola Drive, Suite 106, Hanover, MD 21076. We currently lease approximately 6,500 square
feet of office space at this location until September 2025. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings. 

From
time to time, we may become involved in litigation or other legal proceedings. We are not currently a party to any litigation or legal
proceedings. Regardless of outcome, any litigation that we may become involved in can have an adverse impact on us because of defense
and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

None. 

Part
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Our
common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market on October 2, 2020 under the symbol PCSA. Prior to October
2, 2020, we traded on the OTCQB. 

On
January 1, 2022, we amended our Certificate of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of our common stock from 30,000,000
to 50,000,000. The number of authorized shares of preferred stock remains unchanged at 1,000,000 shares. 

Holders 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were 24,557,592 shares of common stock outstanding and 199 shareholders of record. 

Transfer
Agent and Registrar 

The
transfer agent and registrar for our common stock is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. 

Dividend
Policy 

We
have not previously declared or paid any dividends on our common stock and do not intend to do so in the near future. We intend to retain
any future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements of our business. Any future determination to pay cash
dividends will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations,
capital requirements and such other factors as the Board of Directors deems relevant. 

47 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The
table below provides information as to our 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights 
 Number of securities remaining available for issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

(a) 
 (b) 
 (c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 
 3,764,658 (1) 
 11.45 
 2,387,622 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 
 47,772 
 19.88 
 - 

Total 
 3,812,430 
 
 2,387,622 (2) 

(1) 
 Includes
 stock options to purchase 7,143 shares of our common stock issued under the prior equity compensation plan. 

(2) 
 Consists
 of shares available for issuance under the 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan. 

On January 1, 2023, we
awarded restricted stock awards and units for 1,056,503 shares of our common stock to our employees and directors, which is not included in the
table above. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During
the fourth quarter of 2022, we did not issue any securities that were not registered under the Securities Act. 

Repurchases
of Equity Securities 

On
March 29, 2022, we purchased 100,000 shares of our common stock from Aposense Ltd. for 300,000 in a private transaction and are holding
these shares as treasury stock until they are reissued or retired at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Item
6. [Reserved] 

48 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of the Results of Operations 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated
financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some
of the information contained in this discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties.
You should review the section titled Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described below. 

Overview 

We
are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on utilizing the Processa Regulatory Science Approach including the principles
associated with FDA s Project Optimus Oncology initiative and the related FDA Draft Guidance, in the development of Next Generation
Chemotherapy (NGC) oncology drug products. Our mission is to provide better treatment options than those that presently exist by extending
a patient s survival and/or improving a patient s quality of life. This is achieved by taking FDA-approved, widely used oncology
drugs or the cancer killing metabolites of these drugs and altering how they are metabolized and/or distributed in the body, including
how they are distributed to the actual cancer cells. 

Regulatory
science was conceived in the early 1990s when the founders of Processa worked with the FDA to develop multiple FDA Guidances
supported by the regulatory science studies designed and conducted by the Process a 
founders and other faculty at the University of Maryland. Over the last 30 years, two of our founders, Dr. David Young and Dr. Sian
Bigora, have expanded the original regulatory science concept to include other factors, such as the principles of Project Optimus,
that can affect the risk-benefit analyses that FDA conducts for every FDA drug approval. In fact, the principles of FDA s
Project Optimus have been used by Drs. Young and Bigora to identify and justify an optimal dosage regimen for a number
of non-oncology FDA-approved drugs. The Processa Regulatory Science Approach and our
past experience with the principles of Project Optimus differentiates us from other biotechnology companies by focusing us not only
on the clinical science, but also on the equally important regulatory process associated with oncology drugs. We believe utilizing the 
Processa Regulatory Science Approach provides us with three distinct advantages: 

greater efficiencies (e.g., the right study design and study readouts); 

greater possibility of drug approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities;
and 

improvement over existing therapy and greater acceptance by patients/doctors. 

In January 2023, we announced
our strategic prioritization to advance our pipeline of Next Generation Chemotherapy proprietary small molecule oncology drugs. By changing
either the metabolism, distribution and/or elimination of already FDA-approved cancer drugs while maintaining the mechanism of how the
drug kills cancer cells, we believe our three Next Generation Chemotherapy (NGC) treatments will provide improved safety-efficacy profiles
when compared to their currently marketed counterparts - capecitabine, gemcitabine, and irinotecan. 

Historically, much of oncology
drug development has searched for a new or different way to treat cancer. Our approach is to modify and improve three different, currently
approved, and widely used chemotherapy treatments so that the human body handles these NGC treatments differently than their presently
approved counterpart drugs while the cancer killing mechanism of action remains the same. FDA s Project Optimus Oncology initiative
and Oncology Guidance recommends that the dose-response (both safety and efficacy) relationships be evaluated for all oncology drugs.
We have begun this process for our NGC treatments. To date, we have found that our NGC treatments are likely to have a better safety-efficacy
profile than the current widely used marketed counterpart drugs, not only potentially making the development and approval process more
efficient, but also differentiating our NGC treatments from the existing treatment. We believe our NGC treatments have the potential to
extend the survival and/or quality of life for more patients diagnosed with cancer while decreasing the number of patients who are required
to dose adjust or discontinue treatment because of side effects or lack of response. 

To
advance our mission, we have assembled an experienced and successful development team with a track record of drug approvals and successful
exits. Our team is experienced in developing drug products through all principal regulatory tiers from IND enabling studies to NDA submission.
The combined scientific, development and regulatory experience of our team members has resulted in more than 30 drug approvals by the
FDA, over 100 meetings with the FDA and involvement with more than 50 drug development programs, including drug products targeted to
patients who have an unmet medical need. Although we believe that the skills and experience of our team members in drug development and
commercialization is an important indicator of our future success, the past successes of our team members in developing and commercializing
pharmaceutical products does not guarantee that they will successfully develop and commercialize drugs in our current pipeline. In addition,
the growth in revenues of companies at which our executive officers and directors served in was due to many factors and does not guarantee
that they will successfully operate or manage us or that we will experience similar growth in revenues, even if they continue to serve
as executive officers and/or directors. 

Our
ability to generate meaningful revenue from any products depends on our ability to out-license the drugs before or after we obtain FDA
NDA approval. Even if our products are authorized and approved by the FDA, it should be noted that the products must still meet the challenges
of successful marketing, distribution and consumer acceptance. 

49 

Our
Strategy 

Our
strategy is to obtain and develop drugs that will not only treat patients with unmet medical need conditions, but also have the potential
to be more efficiently developed with a greater probability of development success than what typically occurs in the biotech-pharma industry,
as well as a better return on investment given more efficient development and high commercial value. By changing either the metabolism,
distribution and/or elimination of FDA-approved drugs while still maintaining the mechanism of killing cancer cells, we believe that
our three NGC treatments provide improved safety-efficacy profiles when compared to their currently marketed counterparts of capecitabine,
gemcitabine and irinotecan. These modifications differentiate our NGC treatments from the existing therapies while being potential life-changing
treatments for patients. 

Our pipeline of NGCs (i) already have data demonstrating the desired pharmacological
activity in humans or appropriate animal models and is able to provide improved safety and/or efficacy by some modification in the formation
and/or distribution of the active moieties associated with the drug and (ii) target cancers for which a single positive pivotal study
demonstrating efficacy might provide enough evidence that the clinical benefits of the drug and its approval outweighs the risks associated
with the drug. We expect to move each NGC to the next Phase of development while continually evaluating opportunities to further advance
each drug to approval by ourselves or with a larger partner. 

Recent
Developments 

Financing
Transactions 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, we raised gross proceeds of 7.0 million from the sale of 8,432,192 shares of our common stock through the Purchase Agreement
with Lincoln Park Capital, the Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer, and a registered direct offering, as follows: 

In
 January 2023, we sold 50,000 shares at an average price of 1.08 per share for an aggregate
 gross proceedings of 54,000 through the Purchase Agreement we entered into with Lincoln
 Park Capital in March 2022, under which we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell
 to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase up to 15.0 million of our shares
 of common stock, subject to the terms and conditions in the Purchase Agreement. We did not
 sell any shares to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement during the year ended December
 31, 2022. 

On
 February 3, 2023, we sold 569,648 shares at an average price of approximately 1.22 per share for an aggregate gross proceeds of
 approximately 693,000 (net proceeds of approximately 672,000) prior to deducting sales commissions, pursuant to our Sales
 Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc. under which we may issue and sell in a registered at-the-market offering
 shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 30.0 million from time to time. On February 5, 2023, in
 connection with our Registered Direct Offering, we suspended the Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc., but we expect to
 reinstate it during 2023. 

On
 February 14, 2023, we closed on a registered direct offering for the sale of 7,812,544 shares
 of our common stock at a purchase price of 0.80 per share to accredited investors for gross
 proceeds of 6.3 million. Net proceeds from the offering were 5.7 million. 

We
plan to use the net proceeds for these financings to prepare for future clinical trials, research and development expenses, working capital
and other general corporate purposes. 

Suspension
of Further Enrollment in PCS499 Trials 

Due to enrollment difficulties that we have experienced since the beginning
of our rare disease trial for PCS499 in uNL, we decided to suspend further enrollment in the PCS499 trial in February 2023. There were
no safety concerns noted during the trial. 

Impact
of COVID-19 

The
COVID-19 pandemic continues to create uncertainties in the expected timelines for clinical stage biopharmaceutical companies such as
ours, including causing delays in clinical trials and disruptions in the supply chain for raw materials used in clinical trial work.
Delays in enrollment lengthen the time of studies and increase their costs. While we are hopeful the infection rate of COVID-19 will
continue to decline, we cannot predict the future impact COVID-19 will have on our current and future clinical trials. Continued delays
could materially impact our business in future periods and further extend our timelines. 

For
more information on the risks associated with COVID-19, refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors herein. 

50 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

The
following table summarizes our operations loss during the periods indicated: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 Change 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Research and development costs 
 11,494,230 
 6,878,021 
 4,616,209 
 
 Acquisition of in-process research and development 
 - 
 566,583 
 (566,583 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 8,763,058 
 4,688,939 
 4,074,119 
 
 Impairment of intangible asset 
 7,268,143 
 - 
 7,268,143 

Operating Loss 
 (27,525,431 
 (12,133,543 

Other Income (Expense) 

Forgiveness of Payroll Protection Program loan and related accrued interest 
 - 
 163,771 
 (163,771 
 
 Interest income, net 
 101,202 
 11,627 
 89,575 
 
 Total other income (expense) 
 101,202 
 175,398 

Net Operating Loss Before Income Tax Benefit 
 (27,424,229 
 (11,958,145 
 (15,466,084 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 - 
 530,611 
 (530,611 
 
 Net Loss 
 (27,424,229 
 (11,427,534 

Revenues . 

We
had no revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. We do not currently have any revenue under contract or any immediate
sales prospects. 

Research
and Development Expenses . 

Our
research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Research and development
expenses include (i) program and testing related expenses including external consulting and professional fees related to the product testing
and our development activities, (ii) internal research and development staff related salaries and other payroll costs including stock-based
compensation, payroll taxes and employee benefits, and (iii) amortization of the exclusive PCS499 license intangible asset used in research
and development activities up to its impairment at December 31, 2022,. Non-refundable advance payments for goods and services to be used
in future research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses and expensed when the research and development activities
are performed. 

Research
and development costs for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Preclinical, clinical trial and other costs 
 6,269,006 
 4,171,836 
 
 Research and development salaries and benefits 
 4,436,729 
 1,915,697 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 788,495 
 790,488 
 
 Total 
 11,494,230 
 6,878,021 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, our research and development expenses increased by 4,616,209 to 11,479,331 when compared to 6,878,021
for the year ended December 31, 2021. We experienced increases in payroll and related costs of approximately 433,000 and increases in
stock-based compensation of approximately 2.1 million, as a result of expanding our development team, and increasing salary rates and
stock-based compensation. 

We also experienced increases
in preclinical, clinical trial and other costs from activities in our clinical trials. Expenses include costs we paid contract research
organizations, regulatory filing and maintenance fees, drug product testing and stability, consulting, and other clinical fees. Additionally,
on May 17, 2022, we amended the third Milestone Event of our License Agreement with Elion changing the third Milestone Event as described
in Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements. As a result, we recorded research and development expense and a related liability
of 189,000, which represents the value of the shares we anticipate issuing to Elion upon satisfaction of the third Milestone Event (as
modified) at the fair value on the date of modification. We experienced a very different level of clinical activity in 2021 compared to
2022. In May 2021, we enrolled our first patient in our Phase 2B clinical trial for PCS499 and in August 2021, we enrolled our first patient
in our Phase 1B clinical trial for PCS6422. We were also conducting pre-IND tasks for PCS12852 in 2021. 

51 

Unless
we obtain additional funding, we anticipate our research and development costs will decrease in 2023 as we complete our trials and begin to fund development activities for the other drugs in our pipeline. Depending on our
funding, we plan to (i) complete our current clinical trials; (ii) begin a Phase 2B trial for NGC-Capecitabine; (iii) obtain IND
enabling data for NGC-Irinotecan; (iv) initiate a Phase 2 trial for NGC-Gemcitabine; and (v) manufacture drug product necessary to
conduct future clinical trials. 

The
funding necessary to bring a drug candidate to market is subject to numerous uncertainties. Once a drug candidate is identified, the
further development of that drug candidate may be halted or abandoned at any time due to a number of factors. These factors include,
but are not limited to, funding constraints, safety or a change in market demand. For each of our drug candidate programs, we periodically
assess the scientific progress and merits of the programs to determine if continued research and development is economically viable.
Some programs may be terminated due to the lack of scientific progress and lack of prospects for ultimate commercialization. We anticipate
our research and development costs to increase in the future as we finalize our clinical trials; plan/conduct future clinical
trials, including the cost of having drug product manufactured; continue our evaluation of the remaining drugs in our portfolio; and
expand our development team. 

Our
clinical trial cost accruals are based on estimates of patient enrollment and related costs at clinical investigator sites, as well as
estimates for the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple research institutions and CROs that conduct
and manage clinical trials on our behalf. 

In
accruing service fees, we estimate the time period over which services will be performed and the level of patient enrollment and activity
expended in each period. If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from the estimate, we will
adjust the accrual accordingly. Payments made to third parties under these arrangements in advance of the receipt of the related series
are recorded as prepaid expenses until the services are rendered. At December 31, 2022, we recorded 1.1 million in prepaid expenses
for advanced payments made to our CROs related to our clinical trials. 

Acquisition
of In-Process Research and Development. 

In
2021, we recorded 566,583 of acquired in-process research and development expense in connection with the Ocuphire Agreement. The total
acquisition cost includes the issuance of 44,689 shares (with a fair value of 300,000) of our common stock we issued to Ocuphire, a
cash payment of 200,000 and 66,583 in expenses we agreed to pay on behalf of Ocuphire. We did not have a similar expense in 2022. We
believe the in-process research and development asset acquired have no alternative future use. 

General
and Administrative Expenses . 

Our
general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 4,074,119 to 8,763,058 when compared to
 4,688,939 for the same period in 2021. The majority of the increase was due to employee stock-based compensation of approximately
 3.5 million. We share office space with CorLyst, a related party, and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, they
reimbursed us 124,497 and 126,324, respectively, for rent and other costs we incurred on their behalf. 

We
expect the general and administrative expenses to continue to increase as we add staff to support our growing research and development
activities and the administration required to operate as a public company. 

52 

Impairment
of Intangible Asset. 

Our
gross intangible assets consisted primarily of costs we capitalized related to the acquisition of license rights to PCS499 from CoNCERT
Pharmaceuticals. Inc. CoNCERT for shares of our common stock. We capitalized 8.0 million, which was the fair value of the 298,615 shares
of our common stock we issued to CoNCERT when we acquired the license rights to PCS499 on March 19, 2018. 

We
review amounts previously capitalized for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate to us that the carrying
value of the assets might not be recoverable. In May 2021, we enrolled our first patient in our Phase 2B trial for the treatment of
ulcerative NL with PCS499. Although we initiated a number of recruitment programs to increase the enrollment of patients in this
study, we were only able to recruit four patients by December 31, 2022. We experienced extremely slow enrollment in the study given
the extreme rarity of the condition (rarer than reported in the literature), the impact of COVID-19, and the reluctance of patients
to be in a clinical study. We will complete the study for those currently enrolled, but have halted further efforts to enroll new
patients. At December 31, 2022, as a result of our decision to halt future enrollment and terminate our PCS499 clinical trial for
ulcerative necrobiosis lipoidica, we recognized an impairment of the remaining book value of the intangible asset of 7.3 million,
thereby reducing the value of our intangible asset to zero. Our assessment was based on the uncertainty of determining whether we
will be able to out-license PCS499 or enter into a partnering/collaborating arrangement for its future development. 

Other
Income and (Expense) 

Net
other income and (expense) was 101,202 and 175,398 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. During 2021, we
recognized 163,771 as other income for the principal amount and related accrued interest related to the forgiveness of our Paycheck
Protection Program loan. Interest income represents interest earned on money market funds. Interest expense in 2021 was related to
our Paycheck Protection Program loan. 

Income
Tax Benefit. 

We
did not recognize any income tax benefit for the year ended December 31, 2022. An income tax benefit of 530,611 was recognized for the
year ended December 31, 2021. A deferred tax liability was created as a result of our acquisition of CoNCERT s license and Know-How 
in exchange for our common stock that had been issued in the Internal Revenue Code Section 351 transaction on March 19, 2018. The Section
351 transaction treated the acquisition of the Know-How for stock as a tax-free exchange. As a result, under ASC 740-10-25-51 Income
Taxes , we recorded a deferred tax liability of 3,037,147 for the acquired temporary difference between the financial reporting
basis of 11,038,929 and the tax basis of 1,782. The deferred tax liability has been reduced for the effect of the non-deductibility
of the amortization of the intangible asset and has been offset by the deferred tax assets resulting from net operating tax losses and
was fully offset at December 31, 2021. This offset resulted in the recognition of a deferred tax benefit shown in the consolidated statements
of operations in 2021 and prior periods. At December 31, 2022, the remaining deferred tax liability was eliminated
as a result of the impairment of the intangible asset. 

At
December 31, 2022, we have recorded deferred tax assets totaling 14,542,710, including 6,480,014 of net operating losses that are fully
offset by a valuation allowance. 

53 

Liquidity 

Sources of Liquidity 

At
December 31, 2022 we had 6.5 million in cash and cash equivalents. On a proforma basis, taking into consideration the following funding
we closed subsequent to year end, our cash and cash equivalents would have been 12.9 million at December 31, 2022. 

In
 January 2023, we sold 50,000 shares at an average price of 1.08 per share for an aggregate
 gross proceedings of 54,000 through the Purchase Agreement we entered into with Lincoln
 Park Capital in March 2022, under which we have the right, but not the obligation, to sell
 to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase up to 15.0 million of our shares
 of common stock, subject to the terms and conditions in the Purchase Agreement. We did not
 sell any shares to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement during the year ended December
 31, 2022. 

On
 February 3, 2023, we sold 569,648 shares at an average price of approximately 1.22 per share for an aggregate gross proceeds of
 approximately 693,000 (net proceeds of approximately 672,000) prior to deducting sales commissions, pursuant to our Sales
 Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc. under which we may issue and sell in a registered at-the-market offering
 shares of our common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 30.0 million from time to time. On February 5, 2023, in
 connection with our Registered Direct Offering, we suspended the Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc., but we expect to
 reinstate it during 2023. 

On
 February 14, 2023, we closed on a registered direct offering for the sale of 7,812,544 shares
 of our common stock at a purchase price of 0.80 per share to accredited investors for gross
 proceeds of 6.3 million. Net proceeds from the offering were 5.7 million. 

We
have incurred losses and net cash used in our operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022, which we expect to continue
for the foreseeable future. We have incurred losses since our inception, devoting substantially all of our efforts toward research and
development, and have an accumulated deficit of approximately 64.2 million at December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31,
2022, we generated a net loss of approximately 27.4 million, of which 17.4 million were non-cash expenses. Based on our current plans,
we believe our current cash balance along with amounts we raised subsequent to year end will be adequate for at least the next twelve
months. Our ability to execute our longer-term operating plans, including unplanned future clinical trials for our portfolio of drugs
depend on our ability to obtain additional funding from the sale of equity and/or debt securities, a strategic transaction or other funding
transactions. We plan to continue to actively pursue financing alternatives, but there can be no assurance that we will obtain the necessary
funding in the future when needed. 

Our
estimate of future cash needs is based on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available cash sooner than
we currently expect. Our ultimate success depends on the outcome of our planned clinical trials and our research and development activities,
as disclosed above. We expect to incur additional losses in the future, and we will need to raise additional capital to fully implement
our business plan if the costs of our clinical trials are greater than we expect or they take longer than anticipated. We also expect
to incur increased general and administrative expenses in the future. In addition, there may be costs we incur as we develop these drug
products that we do not currently anticipate, requiring us to need additional capital sooner than currently expected. 

Our
future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 

the
 cost of our current clinical trials and the cost of third-party manufacturing; 

the
 initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of drug manufacturing, pre-clinical studies, and clinical trials of PCS3117 and PCS11T,
 as well as any other future product candidates; 

the
 number and characteristics of product candidates that we pursue; 

the
 outcome, timing, and costs of seeking regulatory approvals; 

the
 costs associated with hiring additional personnel and consultants for our pre-clinical and clinical activities; 

the
 emergence of competing therapies and other adverse market developments; 

the
 costs involved in preparing, filing, prosecuting, maintaining, expanding, defending, and enforcing patent claims, including litigation
 costs and the outcome of such litigation; 

the
 extent to which we in-license or acquire other products and technologies; and 

the
 costs of operating as a public company. 

Until
such time as we can generate substantial product revenues to support our capital requirements, if ever, we expect to finance our
cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations and licensing arrangements
or other capital sources. We currently have an effective S-3 shelf registration statement on file with the SEC, which provides us
flexibility and optionality to raise capital, including pursuant to a Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital or a future
at-the-market offering, but there can be no assurance that capital will continue to be available to us on acceptable terms,
won t be limited, or be available at all. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or
convertible debt securities, the ownership interest of our stockholders will be or could be diluted, and the terms of these
securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. 

54 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

For the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by: 

Operating activities 
 (9,605,143 
 (8,717,291 
 
 Financing activities 
 (388,843 
 9,798,648 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 (9,993,986 
 1,081,357 

Net
cash used in operating activities 

We
used net cash in our operating activities of 9,605,143 and 8,717,291 during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.
The increase in cash used in operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period in 2021 was primarily
related to cash payments made to conduct our clinical trials and increased salaries to our employees. 

At
December 31, 2022, our prepaid expense and other balance consisted primarily of 1.1 million for advanced payments we made to our
CROs that have not yet been applied to our clinical trials, representing a 100,000 reduction from the prepaid amount recorded at
December 31, 2021 of 1.2 million. Our prepaid expense and other at December 31, 2022 also included the unamortized non-cash
commitment fee we paid to Lincoln Park of approximately 334,000 and the unamortized ATM offering related costs of 186,000. The
majority of the remaining change in prepaid expenses and other was the result of various insurance policies we hold, such as
directors and officers insurance and product liability insurance for conducting our clinical trials. 

As
we complete our clinical trials and evaluate the other drugs in our portfolio, we anticipate our research and development efforts
and ongoing general and administrative costs will continue to generate negative cash flows from operating activities for the foreseeable
future. We expect these amounts to increase in the future as the drugs in our pipeline continue to advance and if new or additional clinical
trials begin. 

Net
cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we used net cash in financing activities of 300,000 to purchase 100,000 shares of our common
stock from a licensee in early 2022 and 88,843 to pay income taxes owed on vested stock-based compensation. During the same period
in 2021, we closed a private offering, raising net proceeds of 9.9 million, paid approximately 64,000 for income taxes owed on
vested stock-based compensation and received 173,987 in net proceeds from the sale of 21,597 shares of our common stock under our
ATM Offering. We capitalized 186,493 in expenses related to our ATM Offering, which we will
amortize as we sell additional shares once we reinstate our ATM Offering. 

Contractual
Obligations and Commitments 

The
following table summarizes our contractual obligations at December 31, 2022: 

Payments Due by Period 

Less than 
 1-3 
 3-5 
 More than 

Total 
 1 Year 
 Years 
 Years 
 5 Years 
 
 Operating lease obligations 
 256,241 
 93,845 
 162,396 
 - 
 - 

Total 
 256,241 
 93,845 
 162,396 
 - 
 - 

We
enter into contracts in the normal course of business with CROs, clinical supply manufacturers and vendors for pre-clinical studies,
research supplies and other services and products for operating purposes. These contracts generally provide for termination after a notice
period, and, therefore, are cancelable contracts and not included in the table above. 

We
have also entered into license and collaboration agreements with third parties, which are in the normal course of business. We have not
included future payments under these agreements in the table of contractual obligations above since obligations under these agreements
are contingent upon future events such as our achievement of specified development, regulatory, and commercial milestones, or royalties
on net product sales. 

55 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

During
the periods presented we did not have, nor do we currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under SEC rules. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

Our
management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial
statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses and the disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and judgments, including those related to accrued expenses and
stock-based compensation. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors that are
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values
of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different
assumptions or conditions. 

We
believe the following accounting policies and estimates are most critical to aid in understanding and evaluating our financial results
reported in our consolidated financial statements. 

Valuation
of Intangible Assets 

Our
intangible assets consisted primarily of the costs we incurred when we
acquired the exclusive license from CoNCERT related to patent rights and Know-How to develop and commercialize compounds and products
for PCS499 and each metabolite thereof and the related income tax effects. In accordance with ASC Topic 730, Research and Development ,
we capitalized the costs of acquiring the exclusive license rights to PCS499 as the exclusive license rights represent intangible assets
to be used in research and development activities that have future alternative uses, measured initially at the asset s acquisition
date fair value. 

We
used a market approach to estimate the fair value of the common stock issued to CoNCERT in this transaction. Our estimate was based on
the final negotiated number of shares of stock issued and the volume weighted average market price over a 45-day period preceding the
mid-February 2018 finalized negotiation of the modification to the option and license agreement with CoNCERT. We believe the fair values
used to record intangible assets acquired in this transaction are based upon reasonable estimates and assumptions given the facts and
circumstances as of the related valuation dates. 

Potential triggering
events that could indicate whether an impairment of our intangible assets may have occurred include: clinical trial results where
the drug did not meet pre-established criteria or clinical endpoints, failure to obtain regulatory approval, the inability to fund
future clinical trials, inability to enroll the trial, adverse changes in the regulatory environment, the approval of competing
therapies or compounds, and adverse changes in applicable laws or regulations. The impairment of our intangible assets could have a
material adverse impact on our financial condition. In order to determine whether an impairment has occurred, we evaluate the events
and incorporate multiple assumptions, including costs associated with continuing the development program, competing therapies or
compounds, potential market size, and estimated future cash flows. When testing for impairment, we may assess
qualitative factors for our indefinite-lived intangibles to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, a likelihood of
more than 50 percent) that the asset is impaired. Alternatively, we may bypass this qualitative assessment for some or all of our
indefinite-lived intangibles and perform the quantitative impairment test that compares the fair value of the indefinite-lived
intangible asset with the asset s carrying amount. We test our intangible assets for impairment as of December 31 of the
presented years. 

Impairment of PCS499 In-process Research and Development Asset 

In February 2023, we suspended further enrollment in our PCS499 trial for
uNL due to difficulties we encountered in enrolling the trial, along with our limited resources. In May 2021, we enrolled our first patient
in our Phase 2B trial for the treatment of ulcerative NL with PCS499. Although we initiated a number of recruitment programs to increase
the enrollment of patients in this study, we were only able to recruit four patients by December 31, 2022. We have experienced extremely
slow enrollment in the study given the extreme rarity of the condition (rarer than reported in the literature), the impact of COVID-19,
and the reluctance of patients to be in a clinical study. We will complete the study for those currently enrolled but have halted further
efforts to enroll new patients. As a result, we recognized a non-cash expense of 7.3 million as of December 31, 2022 related to the impairment
of the intangible asset for PCS499. We originally recognized this intangible asset in conjunction with its acquisition from CoNCERT Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. in 2018. 

56 

Clinical
Trial Accruals / Research and Development 

As
part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate expenses resulting from our obligations
under contracts with vendors, CROs and consultants and under clinical site agreements related to conducting our clinical trials. The
financial terms of these contracts vary and may result in payment flows that do not match the period over which materials or services
are provided under such contracts. 

Our
clinical trial accruals are based on estimates of patient enrollment and related costs at clinical investigator sites as well as estimates
for the services received and efforts expended pursuant to contracts with multiple research institutions and CROs that conduct and manage
clinical trials on our behalf. During a clinical trial, we will adjust the clinical expense recognition if actual results differ from
estimates. We make estimates of accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date based on the facts and circumstances known at that time.
Our clinical trial accruals are partially dependent on the accurate reporting by the CRO and other third-party vendors. Although we do
not expect estimates to differ materially from actual amounts, our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative
to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in reporting amounts that may be too high or too low for
any reporting period. 

Payments
made to third parties under these arrangements in advance of the receipt of the related services are recorded as prepaid expenses until
the services are rendered. We expense research and development costs as they are incurred. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

Stock-based
compensation expense is based on the grant-date fair value estimated in accordance with the provisions of ASC 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation . We expense stock-based compensation over the requisite service period based on the estimated grant-date fair value
of the awards. Stock-based awards with graded-vesting schedules are recognized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period
for each separately vesting portion of the award. No expense is recognized for stock-based awards with performance-vesting conditions
until management believes it is probable the performance-vesting condition will be met. We value restricted stock awards (RSAs) and restricted
stock units (RSUs) based on the closing share price on the date of grant. We estimate the fair value of stock option and warrant grants
using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, and the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent
management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. We account for
forfeitures in the period in which they occur, rather than estimate expected forfeitures. 

See
Note 5 Stock-Based Compensation for information concerning certain of the specific assumptions we used in applying the
Black-Scholes option pricing model to determine the estimated fair value of our stock options and warrants granted during the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

All
stock-based compensation costs are recorded in general and administrative or research and development costs in the consolidated statements
of operations based upon the underlying individual s role. 

Income
Taxes 

We
account for income taxes in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes. Deferred income taxes are recorded for the expected
tax consequences of temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts
recognized for income tax purposes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded a valuation allowance equal to the full recorded
amount of our net deferred tax assets since it is more-likely-than-not that benefits from our deferred tax assets will not be
realized. The valuation allowance is reviewed quarterly and is maintained until sufficient positive evidence exists to support its
reversal. As part of an evaluation of our tax attributes in 2022, we recharacterized approximately 7.4 million of startup costs previously
capitalized as an IRC Section 195 asset as net operating losses. The recharacterization has no impact on total deferred tax assets
since we had previously and will continue to provide a full valuation allowance on our unutilized net deferred tax assets. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which those
temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of changes in tax rates on deferred tax assets and
liabilities is recognized in income in the period such changes are enacted. No current income tax benefit or expense was recorded
for 2022 or is expected in the foreseeable future since the deferred tax liability was offset completely as of December 31, 2021 and
we expect to generate future taxable net operating losses. 

We
recognize the impact of an uncertain tax position if the position will more likely than not be sustained upon examination by a taxing
authority, based on the technical merits of the position. Our policy is to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as part
of its income tax provision. As of December 31, 2022, we had no unrecognized tax benefits and as such, no liability, interest or penalties
were required to be recorded. We do not expect this to change significantly in the next twelve months. 

Recently
Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

See
Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements for new accounting pronouncements or changes to the recent accounting pronouncements
during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

Item
7A is not applicable to us as a smaller reporting company and has been omitted. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

57 

INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB: 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 F-3 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 F-4 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 
 F-5 
 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Processa
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for the years then
ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated
financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test
basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the
consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or
disclosures to which they relate. 

Intangible
Asset 

As
discussed in Notes 3 and 9 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company previously capitalized costs related to the acquisition
of the exclusive license rights to PCS499. As of December 31, 2022, this intangible was deemed impaired and the Company recognized approximately
 7.3 million in expense reducing the asset to zero. 

We
identified the impairment of this intangible asset as a critical audit matter due to the materiality of the asset. To test the impairment
of the asset, we reviewed management s analysis and tested the significant assumptions used by management. 

/s/
BD Company, Inc. 

March
30, 2023 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2017. 

F- 2 

Processa
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current Assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Due from tax agencies 
 - 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Total Current Assets 

Other Assets 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 
 - 

Other 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities 

Current maturities of operating lease liability 

Accounts payable 

Due to licensor 

Due to related parties 

Accrued expenses 

Total Current Liabilities 

Non-current Liabilities 

Non-current operating lease liability 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 - 
 - 

Stockholders Equity 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Treasury stock 
 
 - 
 
 Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

Processa
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Research and development expenses 

Acquisition of in-process research and development 
 - 

General and administrative expenses 

Impairment of intangible asset 
 
 - 

Operating Loss 

Other Income (Expense) 

Forgiveness of Payroll Protection Program loan and related accrued interest 
 - 

Interest income, net 

Net Operating Loss Before Income Tax Benefit 

Income Tax Benefit 
 - 

Net Loss 

Net Loss Per Common Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Used to Compute 

Net Loss Per Common Shares - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Common Shares Used to Compute Net Loss Per
 Common Shares - Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

Processa
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity 

 Years
Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional 

Common Stock 
 Paid-In 
 Treasury Stock 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at January 1, 2021 

- 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued in private placement, net of transaction costs 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued in connection with license agreement 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares withheld to pay income taxes on stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued in ATM purchase, net of transaction costs 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, January 1, 2022 

- 
 - 

Acquisition of treasury stock 
 - 
 - 
 - 

- 

Stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued in connection with the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares issued in connection with license agreement 

- 
 - 
 - 

Shares withheld to pay income taxes on stock-based compensation 

- 
 - 
 - 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

Processa
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities 

Net Loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation 
 - 

Non-cash lease expense for right-of-use assets 

Non-cash milestone expense in connection with license agreement 
 
 - 
 
 Non-cash acquisition of in-process research and development 
 - 

Amortization of debt issuance costs 
 
 - 
 
 Amortization of intangible asset 

Impairment of intangible asset 
 
 - 
 
 Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 
 - 

Stock-based compensation 

Forgiveness of Payroll Protection Program loan and related accrued interest 
 - 

Net changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other 

Operating lease liability 

Accounts payable 

Due (from) to related parties 

Other receivables 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash (used in) operating activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities 

Net proceeds from common stock sold 
 - 

Shares withheld to pay taxes on stock-based compensation 

Acquisition of treasury stock 
 
 - 
 
 Other 
 - 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Net (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 

Cash and Cash Equivalents - End of Year 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

Processa
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

Non-Cash Financing Activities 

Issuance of shares of common stock in satisfaction of accrued director fees 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of shares of common stock in
 connection with the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park 
 
 - 
 
 Issuance of shares of common stock in connection with a licensing
agreement which had previously been recorded as a due to licensor 

- 
 
 Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 
 
 - 
 
 Operating lease liability 

Net 
 - 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

Processa
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Recent
Financings 

Registered
Direct Offering 

On
February 9, 2023, we entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement relating to the issuance and
sale of shares of common stock pursuant to a registered direct offering (the Offering with certain accredited investors
(the Investors ). The Investors purchased approximately million of shares, consisting of an aggregate of 
shares of common stock at a purchase price of per share. 

The
net proceeds from the Offering, after deducting the fees of the Placement Agent, Spartan Capital Securities, LLC Spartan ),
and the estimated offering expenses, were approximately million. The Offering closed on February 14, 2023. 

The
common stock was offered and sold pursuant to our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-257558) previously filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission and declared effective on July 9, 2021, the base prospectus included therein and the related prospectus
supplement dated February 9, 2023. 

We
paid the Placement Agent a cash fee of of the gross proceeds from the Offering, excluding proceeds received from our insiders, and
reimbursed the Placement Agent for legal fees of . The engagement agreement with the Placement Agent requires us to indemnify
the Placement Agent and certain of its affiliates against certain customary liabilities. We also amended our consulting agreement with
Spartan, entered into on August 24, 2022, extending the term of the consulting agreement until February 10, 2024. We will compensate
Spartan for financial consulting services provided under the amendment by granting Spartan warrants to purchase shares of our
common stock on April 17, 2023 with an exercise price of . The warrants will expire from the date of issuance and contain
both call and cashless exercise provisions. 

At-the-Market
Transactions 

On
August 20, 2021, we entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc.
(the Sales Agent under which we may issue and sell in a registered at-the-market offering shares of our
common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to million from time to time through or to our Sales Agent (the ATM
Offering ). We expect to use net proceeds from the ATM Offering over time as a source for working capital and general corporate
purposes. We are not obligated to make any sales of our common stock under the Sales Agreement and no assurance can be given that we
will sell any shares under the Sales Agreement, or, if we do, as to the price or amount of shares that we will sell, or the dates on
which any such sales will take place. We will pay the Sales Agent an aggregate of up to of the gross proceeds of the sales price
per share of common stock sold through the Sales Agent under the Sales Agreement. The shares under the ATM Offering will be sold and
issued pursuant to our S-3 shelf registration statement (Registration No. 333-257588), declared effective on July 9, 2021. 

On
February 3, 2023, we sold 
shares of our common stock under the ATM Offering resulting in net proceeds of .
We did not sell any shares under our ATM Offering during the year ended December 31, 2022 and sold 
shares of our common stock during the year ended December 31, 2021 for aggregate net proceeds of approximately . On February 5, 2023, we suspended the Sales Agreement and terminated the prospectus supplement. 

Equity
Line of Credit Transactions 

On
March 23, 2022, we entered into a purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC Lincoln
Park ), pursuant to which Lincoln Park has committed to purchase up to 
 million of shares (the Purchase Shares of our common stock, subject to the terms and conditions in the Purchase Agreement. We issued 
 shares of common stock (valued at to Lincoln Park as a commitment fee in connection with entering into the Purchase Agreement and reimbursed Lincoln Park 
 for fees incurred in connection with the Purchase
Agreement. Concurrently with entering into the Purchase Agreement, we also entered into a registration rights agreement with Lincoln
Park (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which we agreed to take certain actions relating to the registration
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, of the offer and sale of the shares of common stock available for issuance under the Purchase
Agreement. 

We
did not draw on our Equity Line of Credit with Lincoln Park in 2022. In January 2023, we sold Lincoln Park shares of our common
stock for proceeds of . 

Impairment of PCS499 In-process Research and
Development Asset 

In February 2023, we suspended
further enrollment in our PCS499 trial for uNL due to difficulties we encountered in enrolling our PCS499 trial for uNL. As a result,
we recognized a non-cash expense of 
 million at December 31, 2022 related to the impairment of the intangible asset for PCS499 (see Note 3). We originally recognized
this intangible asset in conjunction with its acquisition from CoNCERT Pharmaceuticals, Inc. in 2018. 

million as of December 31, 2022. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, we generated a net loss of approximately 
 million, of which 
 million represented non-cash expenses. Net cash
used in our operating activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was approximately 
 million. We expect to continue to generate operating
losses and negative cash flow from operations for the foreseeable future. Based on our current plans, we believe our current cash balances
along with net proceeds of million recently raised (described above) are adequate for at least the next twelve months. Our ability
to execute our longer-term operating plans, including planned future clinical trials for our portfolio of drugs depend on our ability
to obtain additional funding from the sale of equity and/or debt securities, a strategic transaction or other funding transactions. We
plan to continue to actively pursue financing alternatives, but there can be no assurance that we will obtain the necessary funding in
the future when needed. 

We
had revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022 and do not have any revenue under contract or any immediate sales prospects. Our
primary uses of cash are to fund our active clinical trials, research and development expenditures and operating expenses. Cash used
to fund operating expenses is impacted by the timing of when we incur and pay these expenses. 

to years. We amortize leasehold improvements over the shorter
of the estimated useful life of the asset or the term of the related lease. Upon retirement or disposition of assets, the costs and related
accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts with the resulting net gain or loss, if any, reflected in the consolidated statement
of operations. 

million during the year ended December 31, 2022. No 
impairment loss was recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021 (see Note 3). 

and of potentially dilutive common
shares, respectively, related to outstanding stock options, unvested RSAs, unvested RSUs and warrants since those shares would have had
an anti-dilutive effect on loss per share during the years then ended. 

As
noted above, we amended our consulting agreement with Spartan, extending the term of the consulting agreement until February 10, 2024.
We will compensate Spartan for financial consulting services provided under the amendment by granting Spartan warrants to purchase 
shares of our common stock on April 17, 2023 with an exercise price of . The warrants have been excluded from the million potentially
dilutive common shares described above since they have not been issued yet. They will expire from the date of issuance and
contain both call and cashless exercise provisions. 

segment. Management uses one measurement of profitability and does not segregate its business for internal reporting.
All our assets are located within the United States. 

and for the years ended
December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Expenditures to acquire technologies, including licenses, which are utilized in research and
development and that have no alternative future use are expensed as the acquisition of in-process research and development when incurred.
Technology we develop for use in our products is expensed as incurred until technological feasibility has been established after which
it is capitalized and depreciated. No research and development costs were capitalized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

million of startup costs previously capitalized as an IRC Section 195 asset as net operating losses. The recharacterization has no
impact on total deferred tax assets since we had previously and will continue to provide a full valuation allowance on our
unutilized net deferred tax assets. 

We
recognize the impact of an uncertain tax position if the position will more likely than not be sustained upon examination by a taxing
authority, based on the technical merits of the position. Our policy is to record interest and penalties related to income taxes as part
of its income tax provision. As of December 31, 2022, we had unrecognized tax benefits and as such, no liability, interest or penalties
were required to be recorded. We do not expect this to change significantly in the next twelve months. 

.0 million, 
in transaction costs and associated with the initial recognition of an offsetting deferred tax liability related to the acquired
temporary difference for an asset purchased that is not a business combination and has a tax basis of in accordance with ASC 740-10-25-51
 Income Taxes . In accordance with ASC Topic 730, Research and Development , we capitalized the costs of acquiring the exclusive
license rights to PCS499 from CoNCERT, as the exclusive license rights represented intangible assets to be used in research and development
activities that management believed had future alternative uses. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Less: impairment of intangible asset 
 
 - 
 
 Total intangible assets, net 
 - 

Amortization
expense was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively and is included within research and development
expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

We
review amounts previously capitalized for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate to us that the carrying value
of the assets might not be recoverable. In May 2021, we enrolled our first patient in our Phase 2B trial for the treatment of ulcerative
NL with PCS499. Although we initiated a number of recruitment programs to increase the enrollment of patients in this study, we were
only able to recruit four patients by December 31, 2022. We have experienced extremely slow enrollment in the study given the extreme
rarity of the condition (rarer than reported in the literature), the impact of COVID-19, and the reluctance of patients to be in a clinical
study. We will complete the study for those currently enrolled, but in February 2023, we suspended further enrollment in the PCS499 trial
for uNL, effectively terminating the trial. At December 31, 2022, as a result of our decision to halt future enrollment and terminate
our PCS499 clinical trial for uNL, we recognized an impairment for remaining book value of the intangible asset of million, thereby
reducing the value of our intangible asset to zero. Our assessment was based on the uncertainty of determining whether we will be able
to out-license PCS499 or enter into a partnering/collaborating arrangement for its future development. We believe the rarity of the disease,
along with other factors, makes enrollment not feasible for us due to time and cost constraints. We are evaluating our options to monetize
this asset. 

million and 
million, respectively. The federal net operating losses generated in 2018 and later of million will carry forward indefinitely.
Net operating losses generated prior to 2018 will expire . We have not recognized any deferred tax assets related to the federal orphan
drug or other research and development tax credits as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. The federal research and development tax credits have
a -year carryforward period. 

State 

Total deferred tax benefit 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax benefit 
 - 

Total tax provision (benefit) 
 - 

A deferred tax liability was
recorded on March 19, 2018 when we received CoNCERT s license and Know-How in exchange for our common stock that had been issued
in an Internal Revenue Code Section 351 Transaction. The Section 351 Transaction treats the acquisition of the license and Know-How for
stock as a tax-free exchange. As a result, under ASC 740-10-25-51 Income Taxes , we recorded a deferred tax liability of 
for the acquired temporary difference between intangible assets for the financial reporting basis of and the tax basis of
 . 

We recorded the benefit of net operating losses in our consolidated
financial statements to the extent possible as a reduction in the deferred tax liability created by the future financial statement amortization
of the intangible asset from the acquired CoNCERT license and Know-How prior to its full impairment at December 31, 2022. For the year
ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a federal income tax benefit of as a result of offsetting our deferred tax liability (related
to the CoNCERT asset) by the deferred tax assets resulting from our net operating loss and the amortization of the intangible asset related
to CoNCERT. No current income tax benefit or expense was recorded for 2022 since the deferred tax liability was offset completely as of
December 31, 2021 and we expect to generate future taxable net operating losses. At December 31, 2022, the remaining deferred tax liability
was eliminated as a result of the impairment of the intangible. 

State tax rate, net 

Permanent differences 

Federal orphan drug tax credit 

Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 

Effective income tax rate 

Net operating loss carry forward State 

Stock compensation expense 

Depreciation and other 

Purchased in-process R D 

Federal orphan drug credits 

Capitalized research and development costs 
 
 - 
 
 Start-up expenditures and amortization 
 - 

Total non-current deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 

Total deferred tax assets 
 - 

Deferred Tax Liabilities: 

Non-current: 

Intangible asset 
 - 

Total non-current deferred tax liabilities 
 - 

Total deferred tax asset (liability) 
 - 
 - 

Beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017
(TCJA) eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the current year and requires taxpayers to amortize them
over five or fifteen years pursuant to IRC Section 174. During 2022, for income tax purposes, we capitalized approximately million
of research and development expenditures. 

In 2022, as part of an evaluation
of our tax attributes, we recharacterized approximately million of startup costs previously capitalized as an IRC Section 195
asset as net operating losses. The recharacterization has no impact on total deferred tax assets since we had previously and will continue
to provide a full valuation allowance on our unutilized net deferred tax assets. 

The valuation allowance
generally reflects limitations on our ability to use the tax attributes and reduces the value of such attributes to the
more-likely-than-not realizable amount. We assessed the available positive and negative evidence to estimate if sufficient taxable
income will be generated to use the existing net deferred tax assets. Based on a weighting of the objectively verifiable negative
evidence primarily in the form of cumulative operating losses, we believe that it is not more likely than not that the deferred tax
assets will be realized and, accordingly, a full valuation allowance has been established. The valuation allowance increased by
 
million and 
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

We
recognize potential liabilities for uncertain tax positions using a two-step process. The first step is to evaluate the tax position
for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will
be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the
tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50 likely of being realized upon settlement. We have not recorded any uncertain
tax positions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had accrued penalties or interest
related to uncertain tax positions. 

We
file U.S. Federal income tax returns, as well as state tax returns for California, Florida and Maryland. There are currently no income
tax examinations underway for these jurisdictions. However, tax years from and including 2017 remain open for examination by federal
and state income tax authorities. 

shares of our common stock. On July 11, 2022, our shareholders
approved an increase in the aggregate number of shares of our common stock available for issuance under our 2019 plan by shares
to shares in total. As of December 31, 2022, shares were available for future grants. 

Stock
Compensation Expense 

General and administrative 

Total 

No
tax benefits were attributed to the stock-based compensation expense because a valuation allowance was maintained for all net deferred
tax assets relating to this expense. 

Stock
Options 

We
did no t grant any stock options during 2022 and made one grant in 2021 to a consultant for the purchase of shares. 

The
fair value of the stock option grant was estimated using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model at the date of grant. The expected volatility
of stock options granted on or after September 1, 2021 will be calculated using the Company s historical closing stock prices.
The expected term of our stock options was determined utilizing the simplified method for awards that qualify as plain-vanilla 
options. The risk-free interest rate was determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant of the
award for time periods approximately equal to the expected term of the award. Expected dividend yield is based on the fact that we have
never paid cash dividends and do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

Expected term (years) 

Expected stock price volatility 

Dividend yield 

Options granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Options granted 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

The
weighted average grant-date fair value per share of options granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 was .
No forfeiture rate was applied to these stock options. The aggregate fair value of stock options vested at December 31, 2022 and
2021 was 
and ,
respectively. 
stock options were exercised during the years ended December 31, 2021 or 2022. 

Restricted
Stock Awards 

Granted 

Vested and issued 

Forfeited 

Unvested as of December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Vested and Issued 

Forfeited 

Unvested as of December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of approximately for RSAs is expected to be fully recognized
in 2023 and 2024. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted RSAs related to the future issuance of shares of our common
stock as follows: 

RSAs for shares of our common stock to consultants for services to be provided in 2022. These RSAs had a cumulative fair market value of on the dates of grant and were expensed as stock-based compensation. 

RSAs for shares of our common stock to our directors for their 2022 -2023 service which had a fair market value of on the date of grant. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of these RSAs vested and were issued. 

shares of our common stock to our directors in satisfaction of the of directors fees we had accrued at December 31, 2021. 

On
May 31, 2022, one of our directors did not seek reelection and forfeited RSAs for 
 shares of our common stock related to their 2022
service. On January 1, 2023, we awarded RSAs for shares to three directors, which vest on
the earlier of July 1, 2023 or our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 

Restricted
Stock Units 

Forfeited 

Issued 

Cancelled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Outstanding at December 31, 2021 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Issued 

Cancelled 

Outstanding at December 31, 2022 

Vested and unissued 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

As
of December 31, 2022, unrecognized stock-based compensation expense of approximately for RSUs is expected to be fully recognized
over a weighted average period of years. The unrecognized expense excludes approximately 
 of expense related to certain RSUs with a performance milestone that is not currently probable of occurring. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we granted RSUs related to the future issuance of shares of our common stock p ursuant
to agreements with our Executive team and certain other employees where a portion of their base compensation was paid in RSUs .
The value of an RSU award was based on the average share price of the month services were provided. These RSUs vest quarterly,
but must meet distribution requirements before any shares of common stock are issued. Effective July 1, 2022, we established a 
per share floor for the computation of the number of shares our Executive team members could earn under this program. This program ended
for all participants by December 31, 2022. 

On
April 1, 2022, we also granted RSUs for 
 shares of our common
stock which vest on January 1, 2023 and are subject to distribution requirements before any shares of common stock are issued. The RSUs
had a fair value of 
 million, which was fully
recognized in stock-based compensation expense during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Holders
of our vested RSUs will be issued shares of our common stock upon the satisfaction of the distribution restrictions contained in their
Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement. The distribution restrictions are typically different (longer) than the vesting schedule, imposing
an additional restriction on the holder. Unlike RSAs, while employees may hold fully vested RSUs, the individual does not hold any shares
or have any rights of a shareholder until the distribution restrictions are met. Upon distribution to the employee, each RSU converts
into one share of our common stock. The RSUs contain dividend equivalent rights. 

On
June 1, 2022, in connection with the termination of a long-term employee, we accelerated the vesting of restricted stock units.
The incremental compensation costs recognized related to the acceleration of vesting of these awards totaled . 

On January 1, 2023, we awarded RSUs
for 966,503 shares to employees , of which 310,895 vest over one year and the remainder vest over three years. 

Warrants 

No 
 stock purchase warrants were granted
and expired during the year ended December 31, 2022. As shown in the table below at December 31, 2022, we had outstanding and
vested stock purchase warrants for the purchase of shares with a weighted average exercise price of and a weighted average
remaining contractual life of years. 

Warrants granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 

Warrants granted 
 - 
 - 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

Our
outstanding warrants expire at various dates through September 1, 2024. 

In
January 2021, we issued a warrant for the purchase of 
shares of our common stock, with a fair value of ,
to a consultant in exchange for service to be provided in 2021. There were no vesting conditions associated with this warrant. In May
2022, we extended the expiration date of this warrant by one year to and recognized approximately of
incremental expense related to the warrant modification during the year ended December 31, 2022 , based on an expected volatility
of . No other terms of the
warrant, including the exercise price of ,
were changed. 

In
September 2021, we also issued a warrant for the purchase of shares of our common stock, with a fair value of , to another
consultant in exchange for service to be provided in 2021 and 2022. The warrant expires on and has an exercise price
of per share. The warrants were fully vested by June 30, 2022. 

Expected term (years) 

Expected stock price volatility 

Dividend yield 

We
recognize expense based on the fair value of the warrants over their service or vesting periods and recorded and related
to these warrants during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

In
February 2021, we also issued warrants for the purchase of shares of our common stock to our placement agent in connection with
a private placement of shares of our common stock as described in Note 6. These warrants are exercisable for cash at
 per share and expire on . 

In
February 2023, we amended our financial consulting agreement with Spartan by extending the term until
February 10, 2024. We will compensate Spartan for financial consulting services provided under the amendment by granting warrants to
purchase 
shares of our common stock on April 17, 2023 with an exercise price of .
The warrants will expire from the date of issuance and contain both call and cashless exercise provisions (see Note 1). 

to . We believe authorized shares of common stock better aligns our capital structure with our future needs. 

Preferred
Stock 

There
were issued or outstanding shares of preferred stock at either December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

Common
Stock 

Subsequent
to December 31, 2022, we raised gross proceeds of million from the sale of shares of our common stock through the Purchase Agreement
with Lincoln Park, the Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer, and a registered direct offering, as follows: 

In
January 2023, we sold 
 shares at an average price of 
 per share for an aggregate gross proceedings
of 
 through the Purchase Agreement we entered into
with Lincoln Park Capital in March 2022. We did not sell any shares to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement during the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

On
 February 3, 2023, we sold 
 shares at an average price of approximately 
 per share for an aggregate gross proceeds of approximately 
 (net proceeds of approximately 672,000) prior to deducting sales commissions, pursuant to our Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer
 Co. Inc. under which we may issue and sell in a registered at-the-market offering shares of our common stock
 having an aggregate offering price of up to 
 million from time to time. On February 5, 2023, in connection with our Registered Direct Offering, we suspended the Sales Agreement
 with Oppenheimer Co. Inc., but we expect to reinstate it during 2023. 

On
 February 14, 2023, we closed on a registered direct offering for the sale of shares
 of our common stock at a purchase price of per share to accredited investors for gross
 proceeds of million. Net proceeds from the offering were million. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we had the following activity: 

On
 March 23, 2022, we entered into the Purchase Agreement with Lincoln Park, pursuant to which
 Lincoln Park has committed to purchase up to million of shares (the Purchase
 Shares of our common stock, subject to the terms and conditions in the Purchase Agreement.
 We issued shares of common stock (valued at to Lincoln Park as a commitment
 fee in connection with entering into the Purchase Agreement and agreed to reimburse Lincoln
 Park for fees incurred in connection with the Purchase Agreement. Concurrent with
 entering into the Purchase Agreement, we also entered into a registration rights agreement
 with Lincoln Park (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to which we
 agreed to take certain actions relating to the registration under the Securities Act of 1933,
 as amended, of the offer and sale of the shares of common stock available for issuance under
 the Purchase Agreement. 

We
have the right to present Lincoln Park with a purchase notice (a Regular Purchase Notice ), directing Lincoln Park to
purchase up to 
Purchase Shares (the Regular Purchase Amount provided that the closing sale price of the common stock on the purchase
date is not below a threshold price of , set forth in the Purchase Agreement (a
 Regular Purchase ). The Regular Purchase Amount may be increased to up to 
shares if the closing sale price of our common stock on the applicable purchase date equals or exceeds certain higher threshold
prices set forth in the Purchase Agreement. We and Lincoln Park may mutually agree to increase the Regular Purchase Amount with
respect to any Regular Purchase under the Purchase Agreement, provided that Lincoln Park s maximum committed purchase
obligation under any single Regular Purchase shall not exceed .
The above-referenced share amount limitations and closing sale price thresholds are subject to adjustment for any reorganization,
recapitalization, non-cash dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or other similar transaction as provided in the Purchase
Agreement. The purchase price per share for each Regular Purchase will be based on prevailing market prices of the common stock
immediately preceding the time of sale as computed in accordance with the terms set forth in the Purchase Agreement. There are no
upper limits on the price per share that Lincoln Park must pay for shares of common stock under the Purchase Agreement. Lincoln Park
may not assign or transfer its rights and obligations under the Purchase Agreement. 

The
aggregate number of shares that we can issue to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement may not exceed shares (subject to
proportional adjustments for stock splits, reverse stock splits and similar events as described above), which is equal to of the
outstanding shares of common stock immediately prior to the execution of the Purchase Agreement (the Exchange Cap ), unless
(i) stockholder approval is obtained to issue shares of common stock in excess of the Exchange Cap, in which case the Exchange Cap will
no longer apply, or (ii) the average price of all sales of Purchase Shares to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement equals or exceeds
the lower of (i) the Nasdaq official closing price immediately preceding the execution of the Purchase Agreement or (ii) the arithmetic
average of the five Nasdaq official closing prices for the common stock immediately preceding the execution of the Purchase Agreement,
plus an incremental amount to take into account the issuance of the commitment shares to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement, such
that the transactions contemplated by the Purchase Agreement are exempt from the Exchange Cap limitation under applicable Nasdaq rules.
In all instances, we may not sell shares of our common stock to Lincoln Park under the Purchase Agreement if it would result in Lincoln
Park beneficially owning more than of the outstanding shares of common stock. 

We
may terminate the Purchase Agreement at any time, at our sole discretion, without any cost or penalty, by giving one business day notice
to Lincoln Park to terminate the Purchase Agreement. Lincoln Park has covenanted not to cause or engage in any manner whatsoever, any
direct or indirect short selling or hedging of the common stock. 

There
are no limitations on use of proceeds, financial or business covenants, restrictions on future financings (other than restrictions on
our ability to enter into variable rate transactions described in the Purchase Agreement), rights of first refusal, participation rights,
penalties or liquidated damages in the Purchase Agreement. We may deliver Purchase Notices under the Purchase Agreement, subject to market
conditions, and in light of our capital needs from time to time and under the limitations contained in the Purchase Agreement. Any proceeds
that we receive under the Purchase Agreement are expected to be used for working capital and general corporate purposes. 

We
issued shares to Elion for the second milestone payment. 

Also,
 during the year ended December 31, 2022, 
 vested RSAs and RSUs were forfeited to pay for
 federal, state and local income taxes and an additional 
 unvested RSAs were forfeited when one of our directors did not seek reelection. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2021, we had the following activity: 

On
 February 24, 2021, we sold in a private placement shares of our common stock to
 accredited and institutional investors for gross proceeds of million. Net proceeds
 from the offering were million. In connection with the placement, we issued warrants
 for the purchase of shares of our common stock to our placement agent. These warrants
 are exercisable for cash at per share and expire on . 

On
 June 8, 2021, we granted RSAs to an employee in accordance with their employment agreement. 

On
 June 16, 2021, we issued shares of our common stock to Ocuphire Pharma, Inc. pursuant
 to the Ocuphire Agreement (see Note 9). 

On
 August 20, 2021, we entered into an equity distribution agreement (the Sales Agreement with Oppenheimer Co. Inc. (the Sales Agent under which we may issue
 and sell in a registered at-the-market offering shares of our common stock
 having an aggregate offering price of up to million from time to time through or to
 our Sales Agent (the ATM Offering ). During year ended December 31, 2021, we
 sold shares of our common stock under the at-the-market offering sales
 agreement at an average price of approximately per share. 

On
 October 6, 2021, we also issued shares of our common stock to Elion Oncology pursuant
 to the Elion License Agreement. 

We
 granted shares of common stock, along with a combination of warrants and stock options
 for the purchase of shares of common stock, to consultants in accordance with consulting
 agreements for services that will be provided in 2021 and 2022. Of the shares granted,
 were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021. 

During
 the year ended December 31, 2021, vested RSAs were forfeited to
 pay for federal, state and local income taxes and an additional unvested RSAs were
 forfeited upon employment termination. 

Treasury
Stock - Repurchase of Shares from Aposense, Ltd. 

On
March 29, 2022, we purchased shares of our common stock from Aposense Ltd. for in a private transaction and
are holding these shares as treasury stock until they are reissued or retired at the discretion of our Board of Directors. 

Weighted-average number of common shares-basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

As
described in Note 5, we issued various equity instruments during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 which impact our EPS calculation.
All granted RSAs are considered issued and outstanding for purposes of our financial statements. Unvested RSAs are included as dilutive
securities, but are excluded from our denominator of basic EPS. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and RSAs, respectively,
were not vested and were excluded from the EPS calculation. Vested RSUs are include in our computation of the weighted average shares
for basic EPS and unvested RSUs are included as dilutive securities. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, and unvested RSUs
were excluded from the EPS calculation. 

The
calculation of potentially dilutive securities at December 31, 2022 excludes the RSAs and RSUs granted to employees and
directors on January 1, 2023 and the warrants for 
shares of our common stock, which will be issued to Spartan in April 2023 in connection with our extended consulting agreement.
Basic net loss per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average common shares outstanding. Diluted net loss per
share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average common shares outstanding without the impact of potential dilutive
common shares outstanding because they would have an anti-dilutive impact on diluted net loss per share. The treasury-stock method
is used to determine the dilutive effect of our stock options and warrants grants. 

to determine the present value of the lease payments based on the information available at the lease commencement date. 

Lease
costs included in our consolidated statements of operations totaled and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. The weighted average remaining lease terms and discount rate for our operating leases were as follows at December
31, 2022: 

Remaining lease term (years) for our equipment lease 

Weighted average remaining lease term (years) for our facility and equipment leases 

Weighted average discount rate for our facility and equipment leases 

2024 

2025 

Total lease payments 

Less: Interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Less: current maturities 

Non-current lease liability 

On
October 6, 2020, all conditions were satisfied, resulting in the addition of PCS6422 to our portfolio, and we paid 
cash and issued shares of our common stock to Elion. . 

As
part of the Elion License Agreement, we agreed to issue to Elion 

. In addition, we must
pay Elion one-time sales milestone payments based on the achievement during a calendar year of one or more thresholds for annual sales
for products made and pay royalties based on annual licensing sales. We are also required to split any milestone payments received with
Elion based on any sub-license agreement we may enter into. 

On
May 17, 2022, we amended the third Milestone Event of Section 6.4 of our License Agreement with Elion Oncology, Inc. changing the third
Milestone Event from 1 st Patient in Dose Confirmation Study to (a) determination of the maximum tolerated dose
(MTD) or (b) determination of the recommended Phase 2 Dose. Prior to this amendment, the third milestone was not considered probable
since it was unknown when, or if a dose confirmation study was going to be conducted. As a result of the modification, we consider it
probable that the recommended Phase 2 dosage regimen could be determined in connection with our current Phase 1B trial for PCS6422. We
recorded an expense and related liability of representing the value of the shares we anticipate issuing to Elion at the fair
value on the date of modification. No other terms or conditions of the License Agreement were modified. 

We
are required to use commercially reasonable efforts, at our sole cost and expense to research, develop and commercialize products in
one or more countries, including meeting 

Ocuphire
Pharma, Inc. 

On
June 16, 2021, we executed a License Agreement with Ocuphire Pharma, Inc. Ocuphire Agreement under which we received
a license to research, develop and commercialize PCS3117 (formerly RX-3117) globally, excluding the Republic
of Singapore, China, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan . 

As
consideration for the Ocuphire Agreement, we issued shares of our common stock to Ocuphire, a cash payment of and assumed
 in certain liabilities. Additional consideration includes future development and regulatory milestones payments to Ocuphire upon
our achievement of certain defined clinical milestones, such as dosing a patient in pivotal trials and receiving marketing authorization
by a regulatory authority in the United States or another country. In addition, we are required to pay Ocuphire one-time sales milestone
payments based on the achievement during a calendar year of the highest annual Net Sales for products made and pay royalties based on
annual Net Sales, as defined in the Ocuphire Agreement. 

We
are required to use commercially reasonable efforts, at our sole cost and expense to oversee such commercialization efforts, to research,
develop and commercialize products in one or more countries, including meeting specific diligence milestones that consist of: (i) first
patient administered drug in a Clinical Trial of a Product prior to June 16, 2024 and (ii) first patient administered drug in a Pivotal
Clinical Trial of a Product or first patient administered drug in a Clinical Trial for a Second Indication of a Product prior to June
16, 2026. Either party may terminate the agreement in the event of a material breach of the agreement that has not been cured following
written notice and a 120-day opportunity to cure such breach. 

Aposense,
Ltd. 

On
May 24, 2020, we entered into a condition precedent License Agreement with Aposense, Ltd. Aposense License Agreement ),
pursuant to which we were granted Aposense s patent rights and Know-How to develop and commercialize their next generation irinotecan
cancer drug, PCS11T (formerly known as ATT-11T). The Aposense License Agreement provides us with an exclusive worldwide license (excluding
China), to research, develop and commercialize products comprising or containing PCS11T. The grant of license was conditioned on the
following being satisfied within nine months of May 24, 2020 (or the Aposense License Agreement shall terminate): (i) our closing of
an equity financing and successful up-listing to Nasdaq and (ii) Aposense obtaining the approval of the Israel Innovation Authority for
the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Aposense License Agreement. 

On
October 6, 2020, all conditions were satisfied, resulting in the addition of PCS11T to our portfolio, and we issued 
shares of our common stock to Aposense. . million per milestone) upon the achievement of certain
milestones, which primarily consist of having a drug indication approved by a regulatory authority in the United States or another country.
In addition, we will pay Aposense one-time sales milestone payments based on the achievement during a calendar year of one or more thresholds
for annual sales for products made and pay royalties based on annual licensing sales. We are also required to split any sales milestone
payments or royalties we receive with Aposense based on any sub-license agreement we may enter into . 

Yuhan
Corporation 

On
August 19, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement with Yuhan Corporation Yuhan License Agreement ), pursuant to which
we acquired an exclusive license to develop, manufacture and commercialize PCS12852 (formerly known as YH12852) globally, excluding South
Korea. 

As
consideration for the Yuhan License Agreement and related Share Issuance Agreement, we issued to Yuhan shares of common stock.
As additional consideration, we will pay Yuhan development and regulatory milestone payments (a portion of which are payable in shares
of our common stock based on the volume weighted average trading price during the period prior to such achievement and a portion of which
are payable in cash) upon the achievement of certain milestones, based on a Yuhan affiliate purchasing shares of common stock
for in our October 2020 underwritten public offering. The milestones primarily consist of dosing a patient in pivotal trials
or having a drug indication approved by a regulatory authority in the United States or another country. . 

We
are required to use commercially reasonable efforts, at our sole cost and expense, in conjunction with a joint Processa-Yuhan Board to
oversee such commercialization efforts, to research, develop and commercialize products in one or more countries, including meeting . Either party may terminate the agreement in the event of a material breach of the agreement that
has not been cured following written notice and a 60-day opportunity to cure such breach (which is shortened to 15 days for a payment
breach). 

CoNCERT
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

On
March 19, 2018, Promet, Processa and CoNCERT amended the CoNCERT Agreement executed in October 2017. The Amendment assigned the CONCERT
Agreement to us and we exercised the exclusive option for the PCS499 compound in exchange for CoNCERT receiving, in part, .0
million of our common stock that was held by Promet 
 shares at 
 per share), for the benefit of Processa in satisfaction
of the obligation due for the exclusive license for PCS499 acquired by us. Promet contributed the payment of the obligation due for the
exclusive license to us without consideration paid to them. As a result of the transaction, we recognized an exclusive license intangible
asset with a fair value of 
 million and an offsetting increase in additional
paid-in capital resulting from the exchange. 

We
estimated the fair value of the common stock issued based on the market approach and CoNCERT s requirement to receive shares valued
at million. The market approach was based on the final negotiated number of shares of stock determined on a volume weighted average
price of our common stock over a 45-day period preceding the mid-February 2018 finalized negotiation of the modification to the option
and license agreement with CoNCERT, an unrelated third party, for the exclusive license rights to PCS499. The total cost recognized for
the exclusive license acquired represents the allocated fair value related to the stock transferred to CoNCERT plus the recognition of
the deferred tax liability related to the acquired temporary difference and the transaction costs incurred to complete the transaction
as discussed above. 

We
are required to pay CoNCERT royalties, on a product by-product basis, on future worldwide net sales, or pay a percentage of any
sublicense revenue, as described in the License Agreement with CoNCERT. 

and of reimbursements during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. amounts were
due from CorLyst at December 31, 2022 or 2021. At December 31, 2021, we recognized in prepaid reimbursements as due to related
parties in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. Our CEO is also the CEO of CorLyst, and CorLyst is a shareholder. 

million of
future services under the agreements with the CROs, of which approximately million relates to our recently-closed clinical trial for
PCS499. Our actual contractual obligations will also vary depending on the progress and results of the remaining clinical trials. 

F- 28 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms,
and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures,
management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance
of achieving the desired control objectives, as our controls are designed to do, and management was required to apply its judgment in
evaluating the risks related to controls and procedures. 

In
connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was performed by management,
including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act). Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ).
Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records
that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable
assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of our assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements. 

Management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our internal controls will prevent or detect
all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control
systems, no evaluation of internal controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have
been detected. Also, any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls in future periods are subject to the risk that those internal controls
may become inadequate because of changes in business conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. 

58 

Management s
Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation
of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

Management
assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Management based its assessment on criteria established
in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework).
Management s assessment included evaluation of elements such as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting
controls, process documentation, accounting policies, and our overall control environment. 

Based
on this assessment, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements
for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm, ., regarding internal controls over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered
public accounting firm as we are a smaller reporting company. We are not currently subject to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes to our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation
required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

Part
III 

Item
10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 

The
information required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K will be in our 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC in connection with the
solicitation of proxies for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated
herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of
the fiscal year to which this report relates. For information with respect to our executive officers, see Executive Officers 
at the end of Part I, Item 1 of this report. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 

The
information required by this Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

Item
14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

The
information required by this Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference to our 2023 Proxy Statement. 

59 

Part
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a)(1)
and (2) Financial Statements and Schedules: 

See
Part II, Item 8, of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(3)
Exhibits 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description
 of the Exhibit 

1.1 
 
 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated August 20, 2021, by and among Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Oppenheimer Co. Inc (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K filed on August 20, 2021) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Heatwurx, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 3.1.1 
 
 Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Heatwurx, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 3.1.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated August 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 to Form 10-Q filed on August 14, 2019) 
 
 3.1.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. dated June 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.4 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 3.1.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Fourth Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation dated January 1, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen of Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Warrant issued to Tribal Capital Markets LLC, dated February 16, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form 8-K, filed February 18, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Form of Warrant for the 8 Senior Convertible Notes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Form 10-K filed on March 30, 2022) 
 
 10.1+ 
 
 Amended and Restated 2011 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 10.2 
 
 License Option Agreement with CoNCERT (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amendment to License Agreement and Securities Purchase Agreement with CoNCERT Pharmaceuticals (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 10.4+ 
 
 Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 2019 Omnibus Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Employment Agreement dated October 1, 2020, between Processa and R. Michael Floyd (incorporated by reference to Form 8-K, filed October 13, 2020) 
 
 10.6 
 
 License Agreement with Aposense, Ltd. dated May 24, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 10.7 
 
 License Agreement with Yuhan Corporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 10.8 
 
 License Agreement with Elion Oncology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Form S-1 filed on September 17, 2020) 
 
 10.9 
 
 Addendum No. 1 to the Aposense Ltd. License Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Form 10-K filed on March 25, 2021) 
 
 10.10 
 
 License Agreement with Ocuphire Pharma, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed June 17, 2021) 
 
 10.11 
 
 Purchase Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, between Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed March 24, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 23, 2022, by and between Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Form 8-K filed March 24, 2022) 
 
 10.13 
 
 First Amendment to Consulting Agreement with Spartan Capital Securities, LLC (filed herewith) 
 
 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm, BD Co. Inc. (filed herewith) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 
 99.1 
 
 XBRL
 Files 

+ 
 Indicates
 a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Furnished
 herewith. XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language) information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement
 or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act is deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange
 Act and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

60 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, hereunto duly authorized. 

PROCESSA
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/
 David Young 

David
 Young 

Chief
 Executive Officer 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Dated:
 
 March
 30, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 James Stanker 

James
 Stanker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Dated:
 
 March
 30, 2023 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities
and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Capacity 
 
 Date 

/s/
 David Young 
 
 President
 and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 David
 Young 

/s/
 James Stanker 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 James
 Stanker 

/s/
 Khoso Baluch 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Khoso
 Baluch 

/s/
 James Neal 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 James
 Neal 

/s/
 Geraldine Pannu 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Geraldine
 Pannu 

/s/
 Virgil Thompson 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Virgil
 Thompson 

/s/
 Justin Yorke 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 30, 2023 
 
 Justin
 Yorke 

61 

<EX-10.13>
 2
 ex10-13.htm

Exhibit 10.13 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex21-1.htm

Exhibit
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Subsidiary 
 
 State
 of Incorporation 
 
 Percent
 Ownership 
 
 Processa
 Therapeutics LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-257558 and No. 333-254983) of Processa
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No. 333-257557 and No. 333-233264) pertaining to the Processa Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. 2019 Omnibus Equity Plan and (No. 333-190697) pertaining to the Heatwurx, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan of our report dated March
30, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/
 BD Company, Inc. 

Owings
 Mills, MD 

March
 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification
Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

I,
 David Young, certify that: 

1.
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ); 

2.
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 The Registrants other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a)
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluations, and 

d)
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent function): 

a)
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 

/s/
 David Young 

David
 Young 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification
Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) 

 of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Amended 

I,
James Stanker, certify that: 

1.
 I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company ); 

2.
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 The Registrants other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have: 

a)
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure the material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly through the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed
 under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c)
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
 about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such
 evaluations, and 

d)
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent function): 

a)
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
 are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b)
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 30, 2023 

/s/
 James Stanker 

James
 Stanker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Processa Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December
31, 2022 (the Report ), David Young, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and James Stanker, as Chief Financial Officer
of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that: 

(1)
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
 David Young 

David
 Young 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

March
 30, 2023 

/s/
 James Stanker 

James
 Stanker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

March
 30, 2023 

This
certification accompanies each Report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required
by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 34
 pcsa-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 36
 pcsa-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 37
 pcsa-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 38
 pcsa-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

