<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_5272_0000005272-23-000007.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>72044044</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1031751</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7267538</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>32247902</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>14626083</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>15232268</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000005272-23-000007.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217132405
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000005272-23-000007
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		209
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000005272
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FIRE, MARINE & CASUALTY INSURANCE [6331]
		IRS NUMBER:				132592361
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08787
		FILM NUMBER:		23641571

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1271 AVE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		FL 37
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020-1304
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2127707000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1271 AVE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		FL 37
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10020-1304

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL ENTERPRISES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19700507

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000005272-23-000007.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 aig-20221231.htm
 10-K

aig-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Yes No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the registrant's voting and nonvoting common equity held by nonaffiliates was approximately . 
 As of February 10, 2023, shares of the registrant's Common Stock, 2.50 par value per share, were outstanding. 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 FORM 10-K 
 Item Number Description Page Part I 
 ITEM 1 
 Business 
 2 
 Our Global Business Overview 
 2 
 Operating Structure 
 4 
 Human Capital Management 
 5 
 Regulation 
 7 
 Available Information about AIG 
 14 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 ITEM 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 
 ITEM 2 
 Properties 
 39 
 ITEM 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 
 ITEM 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 Part II ITEM 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 
 ITEM 6 
 [Reserved] 
 41 
 ITEM 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 42 
 Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results 
 42 
 Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 45 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 47 
 Executive Summary 
 60 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 64 
 Business Segment Operations 
 68 
 Investments 
 87 
 Insurance Reserves 
 96 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 108 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 117 
 Glossary 
 129 
 Acronyms 
 131 
 ITEM 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 132 
 ITEM 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 133 
 Reference to Financial Statements and Schedules 
 133 
 ITEM 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 256 
 ITEM 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 256 
 ITEM 9 B 
 Other Information 
 256 
 ITEM 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 256 
 Part III 
 ITEM 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 257 
 ITEM 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 257 
 ITEM 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 257 
 ITEM 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 257 
 ITEM 14 
 Principal Accoun tant Fees and Services 
 257 
 Part IV 
 ITEM 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 257 
 ITEM 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 261 
 Signatures 
 262 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Part I 

ITEM 1 | Business 

Maximizing Industry 
 Leadership and 
 Global Footprint 
 
 Creating Value through 
 Profitable Growth and a 
 Culture of Underwriting and 
 Operational Excellence 
 
 American International Group, Inc. (AIG) 
 is a leading global insurance organization. We provide a wide range of property casualty insurance, life insurance, retirement solutions and other financial services to customers in approximately 70 countries and jurisdictions. These diverse offerings include products and services that help businesses and individuals protect their assets, manage risks and provide for retirement security. AIG common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 In 2022, AIG delivered strong financial results while executing on strategic imperatives such as our capital management plan; the initial public offering (IPO) of Corebridge Financial, Inc. (NYSE: CRBG); and achieved the exit run-rate savings goal of AIG 200, our global, multi-year effort focused on positioning AIG for the future. Despite global challenges, AIG achieved a sub-100 combined ratio in every quarter of 2022 as a result of disciplined underwriting, new business development and improved retention across the portfolio. 

In this Annual Report, unless otherwise mentioned or unless the context indicates otherwise, we use the terms AIG, the Company, we, us and our to refer to American International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries. We use the term AIG Parent to refer solely to American International Group, Inc., and not to any of its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 2 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

About AIG 
 World-Class Insurance Franchises 
 that are among the leaders in their geographies and segments, providing differentiated service and expertise. 
 Breadth of Loyal Customers 
 including millions of clients and policyholders ranging from multi-national Fortune 500 companies to individuals throughout the world. 
 Broad and Long-Standing Distribution Relationships 
 with brokers, agents, advisors, banks and other distributors strengthened through AIG s dedication to quality. 
 
 Highly Engaged Global Workforce of more than 26,000 colleagues committed to excellence who are providing services in approximately 70 countries and jurisdictions. 
 Balance Sheet Strength and Financial Flexibility 
 as demonstrated by 40 billion in shareholders equity and AIG Parent liquidity sources of 8.2 billion as of December 31, 2022. 

2022 Highlights 
 Path to the Future 
 Completion of IPO of Corebridge Financial, Inc. (Corebridge), the largest U.S. IPO in 2022, which created two standalone, market-leading companies 
 Strategic partnership with BlackRock, Inc. (BlackRock) to manage up to 60 billion of assets for AIG and up to 90 billion for Corebridge. As of December 31, 2022, 162 billion of assets have been transferred 
 AIG 200: Achieved exit run-rate savings goal of 1 billion six months ahead of schedule. We continue to execute on our multi-year effort to modernize operating infrastructure and enhance client and distribution partner experiences 
 Continued Progress on Capital Management Initiatives 
 Reduced general borrowings by 9.4 billion 
 Repurchased 5.1 billion of AIG's common stock, 
 par value 2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock) 
 and paid 1.0 billion of dividends 
 Strong General Insurance Performance 
 Resulting from Significant Improvement in 
 Underwriting Income 
 General Insurance achieved 2.0 billion in underwriting income, up 94 percent year over year 
 2022 combined ratio of 91.9 compared to 95.8 in 2021, 
 and sub-100 in every quarter of 2022 
 2022 accident year combined ratio, as adjusted (a) of 88.7 improved 2.3 points compared to 91.0 in 2021 
 Successful Completion of Corebridge IPO 
 AIG closed IPO, representing 12.4 percent of Corebridge's common stock. The aggregate gross proceeds of the offering to AIG, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses payable by AIG, were approximately 1.7 billion. After consideration of underwriting discounts, commissions and other related expenses payable by AIG, AIG recorded a 608 million increase in AIG s shareholder s equity 
 Following the IPO, AIG owns approximately 77.7 percent 
 of the outstanding common stock of Corebridge 
 Corebridge established capital structure and 
 paid 297 million of dividends to its shareholders 
 in 2022, post IPO 
 
 (a) Non-GAAP measure for reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measure, see Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A). 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

Operating Structure 
 
 AIG reports the results of its businesses through three segments General Insurance, Life and Retirement and Other Operations. General Insurance consists of two operating segments North America and International. Life and Retirement consists of four operating segments Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional Markets. Other Operations is primarily comprised of corporate, our institutional asset management business and consolidation and eliminations. 
 For additional information on our business segments, see Part II, Item 7. MD A and Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and for information regarding the separation of Life and Retirement and bankruptcy filing of AIG Financial Products Corp., see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Business Segments 
 General Insurance Life and Retirement General Insurance is a leading provider of insurance products and services for commercial and personal insurance customers. It includes one of the world s most far-reaching property casualty networks. General Insurance offers a broad range of products to customers through a diversified, multichannel distribution network. Customers value General Insurance s strong capital position, extensive risk management and claims experience and its ability to be a market leader in critical lines of the insurance business. 
 Life and Retirement is a unique franchise that brings together a broad portfolio of life insurance, retirement and institutional products offered through an extensive, multichannel distribution network. It holds long-standing, leading market positions in many of the markets it serves in the U.S. With its strong capital position, customer-focused service, breadth of product expertise and deep distribution relationships across multiple channels, Life and Retirement is well positioned to serve growing market needs. 

General Insurance includes the following major operating companies: National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. (National Union); American Home Assurance Company (American Home); Lexington Insurance Company (Lexington); AIG General Insurance Company, Ltd. (AIG Sonpo); AIG Asia Pacific Insurance, Pte, Ltd.; AIG Europe S.A.; American International Group UK Ltd.; Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. (Validus Re); Talbot Holdings Ltd. (Talbot); Western World Insurance Group, Inc. and Glatfelter Insurance Group (Glatfelter). 
 Life and Retirement includes the following major operating companies: American General Life Insurance Company (AGL); The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company (VALIC); The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York (U.S. Life); Laya Healthcare Limited and AIG Life Limited. 
 Other Operations 
 Other Operations primarily consists of income from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate subsidiaries, deferred tax assets related to tax attributes, corporate expenses and intercompany eliminations, our institutional asset management business and results of our consolidated investment entities, General Insurance portfolios in run-off as well as the historical results of our legacy insurance lines ceded to Fortitude Reinsurance Company Ltd. (Fortitude Re). 
 
 4 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

How We Generate Revenues and Profitability 
 We earn revenues primarily from insurance premiums, policy fees and income from investments. 
 Our expenses consist of policyholder benefits and losses incurred, interest credited to policyholders, commissions and other costs of selling and servicing our products, interest expense and general operating expenses. 
 Our profitability is dependent on our ability to properly price and manage risk on insurance and annuity products, including establishing loss reserves, to manage our portfolio of investments effectively and to control costs through expense discipline. 
 For additional information on loss reserves and prior year loss development, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Loss Reserves, Part II, Item 7. MD A Insurance Reserves Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (Loss Reserves), and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For additional information on investment strategies, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Investments. 

Human Capital Management 
 Our people are our greatest strength. To this end, we place significant focus on human capital management; namely retaining, developing and attracting high caliber talent and fostering an inclusive environment in which we actively seek and embrace diverse thinking. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 26,200 employees based in approximately 50 countries, of which 34 percent are located in North America, 43 percent are in the Asia Pacific region and the remaining 23 percent are in the European, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) region and Latin America. 
 We believe that we foster a constructive and healthy work environment for our employees. The key programs and initiatives that are designed to attract, develop and retain our diverse workforce include: 
 Competitive Compensation and Benefits. Under the oversight of the Compensation and Management Resources Committee of our Board of Directors (CMRC), we seek to align compensation with individual and Company performance and provide the appropriate market-competitive incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees to achieve outstanding results. 
 Management and the CMRC engage the services of third-party compensation consultants to help monitor the competitiveness of our incentive programs. We provide a performance-driven compensation structure that consists of base salary and, for eligible employees, short- and long-term incentives. We also offer comprehensive benefits to support the health, wellness, work-life balance and retirement preparedness/savings needs of our employees, including subsidized health care plans, life and disability insurance, wellness and mental health benefits, legal assistance plan, paid time off, paid volunteer time off, 2:1 matching grants for eligible charitable donations, parental and bonding leave and both matching and Company 401(k) contributions for eligible employees. 
 Health and Safety. The health and safety of our employees is a priority. Occupational safety and health is a shared responsibility between employees and corporate stakeholders, which we implement through our Global Safety and Environment policy. We take appropriate measures to prevent workplace injuries and illnesses, to provide a safe and healthy work environment, and to meet regulatory and duty of care responsibilities regarding the health, safety and welfare of employees engaging in AIG business activities. 
 We offer numerous benefits and wellness programs focused on the physical, social and financial wellness of our employees. Nearly every country in which we operate has an Employee Assistance Program (EAP), which provides employees with confidential counselling, mental health resources and information to help employees and their dependents through times of stress and anxiety. In many countries where local market and regulations permit, our EAP and other programs also offer work-life balance assistance, eldercare advice, bereavement support, and legal and financial guidance. 
 The AIG Compassionate Colleagues Fund (the Fund) enables the Company and its employees to provide direct relief to help eligible colleagues overcome unforeseen financial hardships. The Fund has helped more than 730 employees overcome serious financial hardships and disasters. In each of 2021 and 2022, AIG made a 2 million contribution to the Fund, and additional amounts were contributed by our colleagues through voluntary donations and our 2:1 matching grants program. Employees in approximately 19 countries have contributed to the Fund and employees in 8 countries have received relief. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

Talent Development. Equipping our people with the skills and capabilities to be successful and contribute to AIG is another priority. We do this by giving our employees access to meaningful tools and resources to assist in their professional development no matter where they are in their career paths. 
 AIG offers numerous learning opportunities to support the development of its employees. All online learning programs are accessible through a global learning management system, Your Learning Journey . Through these programs, employees can increase their insurance and business knowledge, build critical job skills and earn continuing education credits. 
 Alongside online courses, AIG offers a series of live, interactive learning opportunities designed to reinforce the Company's culture of excellence. These programs focus on providing employees with a strong foundation of core skills including communication, collaboration, coaching, change agility and problem solving. 
 Managers and leaders are critical in developing AIG s talent for organizational success. To assess leadership skills and capabilities, we use distinct leadership assessment tools, including 360 degree feedback, which develops self-awareness and builds personalized leadership development goals. Our Leading Transformation program enhances our senior leaders ability to navigate and drive change and transformation to successfully achieve business objectives and build culture. 
 AIG places a strong emphasis on diversity and inclusion in its learning programs. We have delivered conscious inclusion training to over 59 percent of people managers to build their awareness of bias and its impact on team members and to hone their empathy skills to support diverse teams. In addition, the Company also released Hiring Developing Top Talent , an eLearning series for people managers and talent acquisition professionals focused on exploring hidden bias in talent acquisition and development. 
 In addition to live courses and online training, AIG also offers tuition and certification training reimbursement to encourage employees to enhance their education and skills. 
 The Company also places significant importance on promoting internal talent and succession planning. Accordingly, we use a globally consistent streamlined process to support succession planning and talent development for each of our functions and operating segments. This approach helps identify a pipeline of diverse talent for positions at all levels of the organization and the actions needed to support their development. In 2022, 36 percent of all our open positions were filled with internal talent. 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI). AIG is committed to creating an inclusive workplace focused on attracting, retaining and developing diverse talent that fosters a culture of belonging for all employees. As of December 31, 2022, 53 percent of our global workforce were female and 31 percent of our U.S. workforce is ethnically diverse. In addition, management periodically reports to the CMRC on our various human capital management initiatives and metrics, including DEI. 
 AIG sponsors over 125 Employee Resource Groups (ERGs), which are groups of employees who come together based on a shared interest in a specific dimension of diversity in more than 40 countries to enhance allyship and inclusion across the organization. AIG s global ERG network spans 13 different dimensions of diversity and is open to all employees. The ERGs are key to supporting a culture of inclusion and belonging at AIG and do so by connecting colleagues, supporting mental health wellness, promoting intersectionality, and giving back to our communities. AIG also provides DEI learning courses to educate, equip and engage employees, including conscious inclusion training for people managers, DEI microlearning and sessions on authentic leadership. 
 To support the attraction and development of diverse talent, AIG took several proactive steps in 2022, including enhancing partnerships with diverse organizations. Additionally, AIG's Accelerated Leadership Development program matches mid-level underrepresented talent in AIG s leadership pipeline with senior executive mentors who coach them on essential senior management and executive leadership skills. 
 
 6 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

Regulation 
 GENERAL 
 Our (re)insurance subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation and supervision in the jurisdictions in which our (re)insurance businesses are located or operate. Insurance regulatory authorities in those jurisdictions are the primary regulators for those businesses; however, our operations are subject to regulation by many different types of regulatory authorities, including insurance, securities, derivatives and investment advisory regulators in the United States and abroad. 
 Insurance regulators, other regulatory authorities, law enforcement agencies, and other governmental authorities from time to time make inquiries and conduct examinations or investigations regarding our compliance, as well as compliance by other companies in our industry, with applicable laws. In addition, regulation, legislation and administrative policies that are not limited in application solely to the insurance market may significantly affect the insurance industry and certain of our operations, including regulation, legislation and administrative policies related to privacy, cybersecurity, government sanctions, pensions, age and sex discrimination, financial services, securities, taxation and climate change. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulation Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability. 
 We expect that the U.S. and international regulations applicable to us and our regulated entities will continue to evolve for the foreseeable future. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulation New laws and regulations or new interpretations of current laws and regulations, both domestically and internationally, may affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. 
 FINANCIAL, MARKET CONDUCT CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OVERSIGHT 
 The method of insurance regulation of our (re)insurance subsidiaries varies, but generally has its source in statutes that delegate regulatory and supervisory powers to a state insurance official (in the United States) or another governmental agency (outside the United States). The regulation and supervision relate primarily to the financial condition of the (re)insurers, corporate conduct and market conduct activities. In general, such regulation is for the protection of policyholders rather than the creditors or equity owners of these companies. Financial, market conduct and corporate conduct oversight varies by jurisdiction, but can include activities such as: 
 (a) approval of policy language and rates; 
 (b) advertising practices; 
 (c) establishing minimum capital and liquidity requirements; 
 (d) licensing of insurers and their agents; 
 (e) requiring registration and periodic reporting by (re)insurance companies that are licensed in the jurisdiction; 
 (f) evaluating and, in some cases, requiring regulatory approval of, certain transactions between (re)insurance company subsidiaries and their affiliates; 
 (g) imposing restrictions and limitations on the amount of dividends or other distributions payable by a (re)insurance company; 
 (h) enforcing rules related to outsourcing of material functions; 
 (i) requiring deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders; 
 (j) establishing requirements for acceptability of reinsurers and credit for reinsurance; 
 (k) establishing requirements for reserves; and 
 (l) enterprise risk management (including technology risk management) and corporate governance requirements. 
 Our (re)insurance subsidiaries are generally subject to laws and regulations that prescribe the type, quality and concentration of investments they can make and permissible investment practices, such as derivatives, securities lending and repurchase transactions. In non-U.S. jurisdictions, our (re)insurance subsidiaries may also be subject to laws requiring certain amounts and types of local investment. In addition, certain affiliates of our (re)insurance affiliates are themselves subject to laws and regulations concerning the investment advisory and investment management services they provide to our (re)insurance subsidiaries and other clients with respect to such investments. 
 Insurance laws in many jurisdictions also provide that no person, corporation or other entity may acquire control of an insurance company, or a controlling interest in (or prescribed percentage of capital of) any direct or indirect parent company of an insurance company, without the prior approval of, or notice to, such insurance company s domiciliary insurance regulator. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

As a holding company with no significant business operations of its own, AIG Parent depends on dividends from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. U.S. state insurance laws typically provide that dividends in excess of certain prescribed limits are considered to be extraordinary dividends and require prior approval or non-disapproval from the applicable insurance regulator. Outside the U.S., (re)insurers, subject to certain exceptions, are permitted to pay dividends subject to maintaining prescribed capital and solvency requirements and ensuring that dividends are made out of profits/retained earnings. 
 Further, as part of their regulatory oversight processes, insurance regulators conduct periodic examinations of our (re)insurance subsidiaries. Such examinations can cover a broad scope of the (re)insurance subsidiary s operations, including the financial strength of the (re)insurance subsidiary; sales, marketing and claims handling practices; risk management; capital and liquidity management; and information technology operations (including emerging technology risks). 
 Insurance and securities regulators and other law enforcement agencies and attorneys general also, from time to time, make inquiries, issue data calls and conduct examinations or investigations regarding compliance with insurance and other laws or for informational purposes that can be company-specific or part of a broader industry-wide effort. 
 There can be no assurance that any noncompliance with such applicable laws, regulations or guidance would not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 
 REGULATORY REGIMES 
 United States 
 States 
 At the state-level, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) is a standard-setting and regulatory support organization created and governed by the chief insurance regulators from the 50 states, the District of Columbia and five U.S. territories. The NAIC is not a regulator, but, with assistance from the NAIC, state insurance regulators establish standards and best practices, conduct peer reviews and coordinate regulatory oversight. Model laws and regulations promulgated by the NAIC become effective in a state once formally adopted and are subject to revision by each state. Examples of NAIC models adopted, in substantial part, by all states include: 
 The Risk-Based Capital (RBC) for Insurers Model Act, which incorporates an RBC formula calculated in accordance with instructions updated annually by the NAIC that is designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer s total adjusted capital, as calculated pursuant to the RBC formula, in relation to certain risks inherent in its business, and authorizes certain regulatory actions regarding insurers whose RBC levels fall below specific thresholds. The NAIC has adopted, or is considering, several changes impacting how RBC is calculated, including initiatives aimed at a comprehensive review of the RBC investment framework as well as a proposed modeling methodology to determine RBC for collateralized loan obligations to replace the use of rating agency ratings. The RBC levels of each of our U.S. domiciled (re)insurance companies exceeded each of these specific thresholds as of December 31, 2022. In addition to RBC requirements, the insurance laws of our domiciliary states prescribe certain minimum capital and surplus requirements for insurance companies. If any of our (re)insurance entities fell below prescribed levels of statutory capital and surplus, it would be our intention to provide appropriate capital or other types of support to that entity. For additional information, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries Insurance Companies. 
 The Insurance Holding Company System Regulatory Act and the Insurance Holding Company System Model Regulation (together, the Holding Company Models) include: provisions authorizing insurance commissioners to act as global group-wide supervisors for internationally active insurance groups and participate in international supervisory colleges; standards for transactions between a domestic (re)insurance company and its affiliates and regulatory approval requirements for certain of such transactions; requirements for obtaining regulatory approval for acquiring control of a domestic (re)insurance company; and the requirement that the ultimate controlling person of a U.S. insurer file an annual enterprise risk report with its lead state regulator identifying risks likely to have a material adverse effect upon the financial condition or liquidity of its licensed insurers or the insurance holding company system as a whole, among other requirements. The New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) is AIG s lead U.S.-state regulator, and leads AIG s Supervisory College meetings of AIG s key global regulatory bodies. 
 The Risk Management and Own Risk and Solvency Assessment Model Act, which requires that insurers maintain a risk management framework, conduct an internal own risk and solvency assessment of the insurer s material risks in normal and stressed environments, and submit annual Own Risk and Solvency Assessment (ORSA) summary reports to the insurance group s lead U.S.-state regulator. 
 The Corporate Governance Annual Disclosure Model Act (CGAD), which requires insurers to submit an annual filing regarding their corporate governance structure, policies and practices. 
 And, specific to our life insurance subsidiaries, a new Valuation Manual approved by the NAIC, which contains a principle-based reserving (PBR) approach to life insurance company reserves. PBR is designed to tailor the reserving process to more closely reflect the risks of specific products rather than the factor-based approach employed historically. 
 8 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

The NAIC also provides standardized insurance industry accounting and reporting guidance through the NAIC Accounting Manual, which establishes statutory accounting principles applicable to (re)insurance companies. Statutory accounting principles promulgated by the NAIC may be modified by individual state laws, regulations and permitted practices granted by our domiciliary insurance regulators. 
 The NAIC has recently undertaken a multi-pronged effort to determine whether additional standards, safeguards or disclosures are required in connection with certain investments by U.S. insurance companies, including related party investments, structured securities and other complex assets. 
 In December 2020, the NAIC amended the Holding Company Models to incorporate a Liquidity Stress Testing (LST) requirement for large life insurers based on a set of scope criteria and a Group Capital Calculation (GCC) requirement. These amendments require the ultimate controlling person of every U.S. insurer that is scoped into the LST framework to submit LST results to the insurance group s lead state insurance regulator on an annual basis. In addition, these amendments require the ultimate controlling person of every U.S. insurer to submit GCC reports to the insurance group s lead state insurance regulator on an annual basis unless an exemption applies. The NAIC has proposed that provisions of the December 2020 amendments to the Holding Company Models that authorize the GCC and LST will become accreditation standards effective as of January 1, 2026, and, if this occurs, states will be required to adopt significant elements of the Holding Company Models that authorize the GCC and LST by January 1, 2026 to remain accredited by the NAIC. 
 In recent years, insurance regulators have also emphasized the investigation of alleged improper insurance pricing and sales practices by insurers, including, for example, race-based underwriting or sales practices, misleading sales presentations by insurance agents, targeting of the elderly or other vulnerable adults, and the suitability of products for potential customers. 
 U.S. states have state insurance guaranty associations in which insurers doing business in the state are required by law to be members. Member insurers may be assessed by the associations for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. The aggregate assessments levied against us have not been material to our financial condition in any of the past three years. 
 Federal 
 At the U.S. federal level, AIG is impacted by the activities of policymakers and by the laws and regulations enforced by various federal agencies. 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (Dodd-Frank), signed into law in 2010, brought about extensive changes to financial regulation in the United States and established the Federal Insurance Office (FIO) to serve as the central insurance authority in the federal government. While not serving a regulatory function, FIO performs certain duties related to the business of insurance and has authority to collect information on the insurance industry and recommend prudential standards. In addition, FIO monitors market access issues, represents the United States in international insurance forums and has authority to determine if certain regulations are preempted by covered agreements. FIO s approval is required to subject a financial company whose largest U.S. subsidiary is an insurer to the special orderly liquidation process outside the federal bankruptcy code, administered by the FDIC pursuant to Dodd-Frank. U.S. insurance subsidiaries of any such financial company, however, would be subject to rehabilitation and liquidation proceedings under state insurance laws. 
 FIO also assists the Secretary of the Treasury in administering the U.S. Terrorism Risk Insurance Act (TRIA), enacted in 2002 to support insurance coverage for certain terrorist acts in the U.S. The program was continued under the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 (TRIPRA) through December 31, 2027 and is intended to provide reinsurance coverage from the federal government in limited circumstances for certified acts of terrorism that exceed a certain threshold of industry losses. 
 Title I of Dodd-Frank established the Financial Stability Oversight Council (Council), which is authorized to determine that certain nonbank financial companies be designated as nonbank systemically important financial institutions (SIFIs) subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and enhanced prudential standards. Designation by the Council of any nonbank SIFI is subject to certain statutory and regulatory standards and to the Council s guidance. The Council may also recommend that state insurance regulators or other regulators apply new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices that insurers or other nonbank financial services companies engage in. 
 Title V of Dodd-Frank authorizes the United States to enter into covered agreements with foreign governments or regulatory entities regarding the business of insurance and reinsurance. On September 22, 2017, the U.S. and the European Union (EU) entered into such an agreement, and on December 18, 2018, the U.S. signed a covered agreement with the United Kingdom (UK), which is similar to the agreement with the EU. Under the agreements, AIG will be supervised at the worldwide group level only by its relevant U.S. insurance supervisors, and will generally not have to satisfy EU Solvency II group capital, reporting and governance requirements for its worldwide group. U.S. state regulators have five years from the dates the covered agreements were signed to adopt reinsurance collateral reforms and a group capital assessment, which has led a number of states to adopt the NAIC s GCC well in advance of the January 1, 2026 target implementation date. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

Title VII of Dodd-Frank provides for significantly increased regulation of, and restrictions on, derivatives markets and transactions that have affected various activities of insurance and other financial services companies, including (i) regulatory reporting for swaps, including security-based swaps, (ii) mandated clearing through central counterparties and execution through regulated swap execution facilities for certain swaps (other than security-based swaps and (iii) margin and collateral requirements. 
 AIG Federal Savings Bank, our trust-only federal thrift subsidiary, is supervised and regulated by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. 
 International 
 In the UK, the Prudential Regulation Authority (PRA) is the lead prudential supervisor for our UK insurance operations and the Financial Conduct Authority has oversight of AIG s insurance operations for consumer protection and competition matters. 
 In the EU, various Directives and Regulations affect our international (re)insurance operations. The Luxembourg insurance regulator, the Commissariat aux Assurances, is the insurance regulator for AIG Europe SA, which serves our European Economic Area (EEA) and Swiss policyholders. In addition, financial companies that operate in the EU are subject to a range of regulations enforced by the national regulators in each member state in which that firm operates. Solvency II governs the insurance industry s solvency framework for the EU, including minimum capital and solvency requirements, governance requirements, risk management and public reporting standards. 
 AIG s operating (re)insurance subsidiaries in Bermuda are regulated by the Bermuda Monetary Authority (BMA). Bermuda s Insurance Act 1978, the applicable Codes of Conduct and related regulations impose solvency and liquidity standards and auditing and reporting requirements on Bermuda (re)insurance companies and grant the BMA powers to supervise, investigate and intervene in the affairs of (re)insurance companies. A variety of requirements and restrictions are imposed on our Bermuda operating (re)insurance subsidiaries including: periodic financial reporting; corporate governance framework; solvency and financial performance; compliance with minimum enhanced capital requirements; and minimum solvency margins and liquidity ratios (the latter for general business (re)insurers); and limitations on dividends and distributions. 
 The Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS) supervises AIG s insurance subsidiary in Singapore. It has broad authority under the Insurance Act 1966 to regulate insurance business in Singapore as well as insurers, insurance intermediaries and related institutions. Our Singapore insurance operations are subject to minimum capital and solvency requirements as well as financial reporting, corporate governance and conduct of business requirements. The MAS has authority to conduct inspections and investigations on insurers and to administer sanctions for regulatory non-compliance. Our Singapore insurance subsidiary holds insurance entities in the Asia Pacific region. The MAS holds the Chief Executive of the Singapore insurance subsidiary principally responsible for the management and conduct of the business of the subsidiary, including the business of its subsidiaries and overseas branches. 
 The Japan Financial Services Agency (JFSA) regulates AIG s operating insurance subsidiaries and insurance holding company in Japan. The JFSA has extensive authority under the Insurance Business Act and related regulations to oversee licensing, sales practices, business conduct, investments, reserves and solvency, amongst other matters. Our Japanese insurance operations are required to maintain a minimum solvency margin ratio (SMR), which is a measure of capital adequacy. The failure to maintain an appropriate SMR, or comply with other similar indicators of financial health, could result in the JFSA imposing corrective actions on our operations. 
 FSB and IAIS 
 The Financial Stability Board (FSB) consists of representatives of national financial authorities of the G20 countries. The FSB is not a regulator but is focused primarily on promoting international financial stability. The FSB has issued a series of frameworks and recommendations to address such issues as systemic financial risk, financial group supervision, capital and solvency standards, effective recovery and resolution regimes, corporate governance including compensation, and a number of related issues associated with responses to the financial crisis. 
 The International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) represents insurance regulators and supervisors of more than 200 jurisdictions (including regions and states) in nearly 140 countries and seeks to promote globally consistent insurance industry supervision. The IAIS is not a regulator, but one of its activities is to develop insurance regulatory standards for use by local authorities across the globe. For example, the IAIS has adopted ComFrame, a Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups (IAIGs). ComFrame assists regulators in addressing an IAIG s risks by providing supervisory standards for areas such as group supervision, governance and internal controls, enterprise risk management, and recovery and resolution planning. We currently meet the criteria set forth to identify an IAIG, and the NYDFS, as our group-wide supervisor, has publicly disclosed us as an IAIG on the IAIS register of IAIGs. 
 In addition, the FSB has charged the IAIS with developing a framework for measuring and mitigating systemic risks posed by the insurance sector, and in response the IAIS developed an enhanced set of supervisory policy measures for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk in the insurance sector (Holistic Framework), with implementation beginning in 2020. The Holistic Framework recognizes that systemic risk can emanate from specific activities and exposures arising from either sector-wide trends or 
 10 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

concentrations in individual insurers. In light of the IAIS adoption of the Holistic Framework, the FSB decided in December 2022 to discontinue the annual identification of Global Systemically Important Insurers in favor of instead applying the Holistic Framework to inform the FSB s consideration of systemic risk in insurance. 
 As part of ComFrame, the IAIS is developing a risk-based global insurance capital standard (ICS) applicable to IAIGs, with the purpose of creating a common language for supervisory discussions of group solvency of IAIGs. The IAIS has adopted ICS Version 2.0 for a five-year monitoring phase, with an initial phase that commenced January 2020. During the initial phase, ICS Version 2.0 is used for confidential reporting to group-wide supervisors and discussion in supervisory colleges, but will not trigger supervisory action. At the conclusion of the five-year monitoring period, the IAIS has agreed to a second phase of implementation, whereby the ICS will be applied as a group-wide prescribed capital requirement, defined as a solvency control level above which the supervisor does not intervene on capital adequacy grounds. However, in recognition that the United States and other interested jurisdictions are developing an alternative approach to a group capital calculation that utilizes an aggregation methodology of available capital and required capital of all insurance group members (Aggregation Method or AM), the IAIS is assessing whether the AM provides comparable outcomes to ICS Version 2.0, including by collecting data from interested jurisdictions. The IAIS aims to be in a position by the end of the monitoring phase to assess whether the AM provides substantially the same outcome as the ICS, in which case it will be considered an outcome-equivalent approach to the ICS. 
 The standards issued by the FSB and/or the IAIS are not binding on the United States or other jurisdictions around the world unless and until the appropriate local governmental bodies or regulators adopt laws or regulations implementing such standards. 
 PRIVACY, DATA PROTECTION AND CYBERSECURITY 
 We are subject to various laws and regulations that require financial institutions and other businesses to protect and safeguard personal and other sensitive information and provide notice of their practices relating to the collection, disclosure and other processing of personal information. We also are subject to U.S. federal and state laws and regulations requiring notification to affected individuals and regulators of a data breach(es). Below we highlight a few key privacy, data protection and cybersecurity laws and regulations. 
 In October 2017, the NAIC adopted the Insurance Data Security Model Law (NAIC Data Security Model Law), which, among other things, requires insurers, insurance producers and other entities required to be licensed under state insurance laws to develop and maintain a written information security program, conduct risk assessments, and oversee the data security practices of third-party service providers. As of December 31, 2022, more than 20 jurisdictions had adopted the NAIC Data Security Model Law. In addition, on March 1, 2019, the NYDFS s cybersecurity regulation became fully effective, requiring covered financial institutions, including insurance entities licensed in New York, to, among other things, implement a cybersecurity program designed to protect information systems. New York released proposed amendments to its cybersecurity regulation in 2022, which include additional obligations for large insurers including enhanced and updated governance, risk assessment, and technology requirements, new notification obligations, and clarifying changes regarding enforcement. 
 The State of California enacted the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), which was effective as of January 1, 2020, and imposed significant and often first-of-their-kind privacy obligations on businesses handling data related to California residents. The law has a number of exceptions as a result of amendments; however, it does not apply to personal information collected, processed, sold, or disclosed pursuant to the federal Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) and implementing regulations or the California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA). These amendments reduce the impact of the law on AIG in some, but not all, areas. In addition, exemptions for personal information obtained in the context of certain business-to-business communications or transactions and for personal information pertaining to employees, agents and similar categories of individuals sunset on January 1, 2023. The California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) passed in November 2020 became effective January 1, 2023 and amends the CCPA to create additional privacy rights and obligations in California. Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia also enacted comprehensive consumer data privacy laws and many other states have proposed similar laws. 
 These privacy laws impose requirements on covered businesses that are similar to those imposed by the CCPA with respect to privacy notices, data subject rights and data security standards. 
 In March 2022, the SEC released several proposed rules enhancing disclosure requirements for registered companies covering cybersecurity risk and management. If enacted, the proposed rules would, among other things, require disclosure by registrants of any material cybersecurity incident on Form 8-K within four business days of determining that the incident the registrant has experienced is material. They would also require periodic disclosures of, among other things, (i) details on the company s cybersecurity policies and procedures, (ii) cybersecurity governance and oversight policies, including the board of directors oversight of cybersecurity risks and (iii) details of any cybersecurity incident that was previously disclosed on Form 8-K, as well as any undisclosed incidents that were non-material, but have become material in the aggregate. 
 The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) took effect in May 2018. The GDPR s scope extends to entities established within the EEA (i.e., EU member states plus Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway) and to certain entities not established in the EEA (in certain instances, if they solicit or target individuals in the EU by offering goods or services to EEA data subjects or monitoring the personal behavior of EEA data subjects (e.g., in an online context)). The GDPR was also onshored in the UK through the European 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018, with adjustments as provided in the Data Protection, Privacy and Electronic Communications (Amendments etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019. Sanctions for non-compliance with the GDPR are onerous, with the potential for fines of up to 4 percent of global revenue for the most serious infringements of the GDPR. 
 We have sought to address the GDPR s requirements by demonstrating accountability for compliance with the GDPR s principles relating to processing of personal data, maintaining records of processing and completing mandatory Data Protection Impact Assessments in connection with higher risk data processing activities. 
 The GDPR imposes requirements on the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA, including via Standard Contractual Clauses supplemented by an assessment and due diligence of the legal and regulatory landscape of the jurisdiction of the data importer, the channels used to transmit personal data and the processors or subprocessors that may process personal data. 
 The EEA and the UK have also taken steps to regulate the use of data and algorithms used for the purpose of artificial intelligence and automated decision-making. In April 2021, the European Commission published its Proposal for a Regulation on a European approach for Artificial Intelligence (Artificial Intelligence Act), which recommends a risk-based approach to restricting, regulating and permitting different AI systems. European countries, and supranational political organizations like the EU and the Council of Europe, are expected to take an active role in regulating AI in ways that may impact the insurance industry in the future. Insurance regulators in the United States have also shown interest in the use of external data, algorithms and artificial intelligence in insurance practices, including underwriting, marketing, and claims practices. 
 We also are subject to other international laws and regulations that require financial institutions and other businesses to protect personal and other sensitive information and provide notice of their practices relating to the collection, disclosure and other processing of personal information and to obtain consent for specific processing activities. We are also subject to laws and regulations requiring notification to affected individuals and regulators of security breaches and laws and regulations regarding data localization and the cross-border transfer of information. 
 Climate Change and ESG 
 In recent years, regulators in the United States and in other major countries in which we operate have increased their scrutiny on financial institutions and other companies risk oversight, disclosures and practices in connection with climate change and other Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) issues. Throughout 2022, there have been active and significant regulatory developments on these issues in the form of newly proposed, issued or implemented rules, regulations and frameworks regarding climate change and other ESG issues that impose, or will impose once effective, new requirements, including requirements related to climate change-related governance, risk management, disclosures, stress testing and scenario planning. For example, in March 2022, the SEC released proposed rule changes on climate-related disclosure. The proposed rule changes would require registrants, including public issuers such as us, to include certain climate-related disclosures in registration statements and periodic reports. These proposed disclosures include information about climate-related risks that are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the registrant s business, results of operations, or financial condition, and include a new note to their audited financial statements that provides certain climate-related metrics and impacts on a line-item basis. The required information about climate-related risks also would include disclosure of a registrant s greenhouse gas emissions (including Scope 3 emissions), information about climate-related targets and goals, and transition plan, if any, and would require extensive attestation requirements. If adopted as proposed, the rule changes are expected to result in additional compliance and reporting costs. It is possible that some ESG rules enacted in international jurisdictions where AIG operates could impact AIG Parent. We continue to actively monitor the regulatory landscape surrounding these issues. 
 U.S. SECURITIES, INVESTMENT ADVISER, BROKER-DEALER AND INVESTMENT COMPANY REGULATION 
 Our investment products and services are subject to applicable federal and state securities, investment advisory, fiduciary, including the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (ERISA), and other laws and regulations. The principal U.S. regulators of these operations include the SEC, FINRA, Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC), Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board, state securities commissions, state insurance departments and the Department of Labor (DOL). 
 Our variable life insurance, variable annuity and mutual fund products generally are subject to regulation as securities under applicable federal securities laws, except where exempt. Such regulation includes registration of the offerings of these products with the SEC, unless exempt from such registration, and requirements of distribution participants to be registered as broker-dealers, as well as recordkeeping, reporting, and other requirements. This regulation also involves the registration of mutual funds and other investment products offered by our businesses, and the separate accounts through which our variable life insurance and variable annuity products are issued, as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (Investment Company Act), except where exempt. The Investment Company Act imposes requirements relating to compliance, corporate governance, disclosure, recordkeeping, registration and other matters. In addition, the offering of these products may involve filing and other requirements under the securities laws of the states and other jurisdictions where offered, including the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. Our separate account investment products are also subject to applicable state insurance regulation. 
 12 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

We have several subsidiaries that are registered as broker-dealers under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act) and are members of FINRA, and/or are registered as investment advisers under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (Advisers Act). Certain of these broker-dealers and investment advisers are involved in our life and annuity product sales, including participating in their distribution and/or serving as an investment adviser to mutual funds that underlie variable products offered by us. Certain of these broker-dealers and investment advisers are also involved in the management of the investment portfolios of our (re)insurance subsidiaries and other affiliates. In addition to registration requirements, the Exchange Act, the Advisers Act, and the regulations thereunder, impose various compliance, disclosure, qualification, recordkeeping, reporting requirements and subject these subsidiaries and their operations to examination. State securities laws also impose filing and other requirements on broker-dealers, investment advisers and/or their licensed representatives, except where exempt. 
 Further, our licensed sales professionals appointed with certain of our broker-dealer and/or investment adviser subsidiaries and our other employees, insofar as they sell products that are securities, including wholesale and retail activity, are subject to the Exchange Act and to examination requirements and regulation by the SEC, FINRA and state securities commissioners. Regulation and examination requirements also extend to our subsidiaries that employ or control those individuals. 
 INTERNATIONAL SECURITIES, INVESTMENT ADVISER, BROKER-DEALER AND INVESTMENT COMPANY REGULATION 
 We operate investment-related businesses in, among other jurisdictions, the UK and Ireland. These businesses may advise on and market investment management products and services, investment funds and separately managed accounts. The regulatory authorities for these businesses include securities, investment advisory, financial conduct and other regulators that typically oversee such issues as: (1) company licensing; (2) the approval of individuals with positions of responsibility; (3) conduct of business to customers, including sales practices; (4) solvency and capital adequacy; (5) fund product approvals and related disclosures; and (6) securities, commodities and related laws, among other items. We also participate in investment-related joint ventures in jurisdictions outside the United States, primarily in Europe and Asia. In some cases, our international investment operations are also subject to U.S. securities laws and regulations. 
 ERISA 
 We provide products and services to certain employee benefit plans that are subject to ERISA and/or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Internal Revenue Code). Plans subject to ERISA include certain pension and profit-sharing plans and welfare plans, including health, life and disability plans. As a result, our activities are subject to the restrictions imposed by ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, including the requirement under ERISA that fiduciaries must perform their duties solely in the interests of ERISA plan participants and beneficiaries, and that fiduciaries may not cause a covered plan to engage in certain prohibited transactions. The applicable provisions of ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code are subject to enforcement by the DOL, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation. 
 STANDARD OF CARE DEVELOPMENTS 
 We and our distributors are subject to laws and regulations regarding the standard of care applicable to sales of our products and the provision of advice to our customers. In recent years, many of these laws and regulations have been revised or reexamined while others have been newly adopted, such as: 
 DOL Fiduciary Rule - In June 2020, the DOL issued final guidance on the definition of a fiduciary for purposes of transactions with ERISA qualified plans, related plan participants and Individual Retirement Accounts (IRAs). The DOL s final rule confirmed use of a five-part test for determining who is an investment advice fiduciary, and also confirmed related exemptions. In December 2020, the DOL issued the final version of a new prohibited transaction exemption, for parties that qualify as investment advice fiduciaries. The DOL is reviewing issues relating to its regulation of fiduciary investment advice and may take further regulatory actions. We continue to monitor developments with respect to the definition of fiduciary investment advice to ERISA plans and IRAs and to prohibited transactions exemptions. 
 SEC Best Interest Regulation - On June 30, 2020, Regulation Best Interest (Regulation BI), which establishes new rules regarding the standard of care a broker must meet when making a recommendation to a retail customer in connection with the sale of a security or other covered recommendation, and Form CRS, which requires enhanced disclosure by broker-dealers and investment advisers regarding client relationships and certain conflicts of interest issues, became effective. Both had been adopted by the SEC in June 2019 as part of a package of final rulemakings and interpretations, at the same time as the SEC issued two interpretations under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940. The first interpretation addressed the standard of conduct applicable to SEC-registered investment advisers, including details regarding the fiduciary duty owed to clients, required disclosures and the adviser s continuous monitoring obligations. The second interpretation clarified when investment advice would be considered solely incidental to brokerage activity for purposes of the broker-dealer exclusion from SEC investment adviser registration. These two SEC interpretations became effective in July 2019. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1 | Business 

FINRA Standard of Care Development - Effective June 30, 2020, The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) Rule 2111 was amended to provide that FINRA s suitability requirements do not apply to recommendations that are subject to Regulation BI. This amendment was intended to mitigate any potential confusion regarding which standard of conduct applies to retail consumers. FINRA s suitability rules still apply to recommendations that are not covered by Regulation BI, such as recommendations to institutional customers. 
 New York Standard of Care Developments in July 2018, NYDFS adopted a best interest standard of care regulation applicable to annuity and life insurance transactions through issuance of the First Amendment to Insurance Regulation 187 Suitability and Best Interests in Life Insurance and Annuity Transactions (Regulation 187). As amended, Regulation 187 requires producers to act in their client s best interest when making point-of-sale and in-force recommendations, and to deliver to the client the written basis for the recommendation, as well as the facts and analysis to support the recommendation. The amended regulation also imposes additional duties on life insurance companies in relation to these transactions, such as requiring insurers to establish and maintain procedures designed to prevent financial exploitation and abuse. The amended Regulation 187 was previously challenged in court, but was upheld by the State of New York Court of Appeals, which is New York s highest state court, in October 2022. 
 State Standard of Care Developments (Other than New York) In February 2020, the NAIC adopted revisions to its Suitability in Annuity Transactions Model Regulation (#275) (NAIC Suitability Model) implementing a best interest standard of care applicable to sales and recommendations of annuities. The amended NAIC Suitability Model conforms in large part to Regulation BI, providing that all recommendations by agents and insurers must be in the best interest of the consumer under known circumstances at the time an annuity recommendation is made, without placing agents or insurers financial interests ahead of the consumer s interest in making a recommendation. A majority of states have adopted amendments to their suitability rules based on the NAIC Suitability Model revisions, and we expect that a substantial majority of states will do so or consider adopting their own standards of conduct which could be broader than the NAIC Suitability Model. 
 We continue to closely follow these legislative and regulatory activities as changes in standard of care requirements and have evaluated the impact of these requirements on us and our customers, distribution partners and financial advisers. We have made significant investments to implement and enhance tools, processes and procedures, where needed, to comply with the final rules and interpretations. These efforts and enhancements have resulted in increased compliance costs and may impact sales results and increase regulatory and litigation risk. 
 FEDERAL RETIREMENT LEGISLATION 
 In December 2022, Congress enacted comprehensive retirement legislation within the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023. The provisions drew from the House s proposed Securing a Strong Retirement Act of 2022, the Senate Finance Committee s proposed Enhancing American Retirement Now (EARN) Act, and the Senate HELP Committee s proposed Retirement Improvement and Savings Enhancement to Supplement Healthy Investments for the Nest Egg (RISE SHINE) Act, collectively known as SECURE 2.0 . The provisions enacted may impact our products and services, including changes to required minimum distribution rules, available investment options in annuity products, and contribution limits. 

Available Information about AIG 
 Our corporate website is www.aig.com. We make available free of charge, through the Investors section of our corporate website, the reports that we file or furnish with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) (including Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements on Schedule 14A, any amendments to each of those reports and filings, and other disclosure), corporate governance information (including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any amendments of or waivers from the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics), and select press releases. Additionally, all of our reports filed with the SEC are available on the SEC's website at sec.gov. 
 Except for the documents specifically incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, information contained on our website or that can be accessed through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Reference to our website is made as an inactive textual reference. 
 14 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

Risk Factor Summary 
 The following is a summary of the material risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. You should read this summary together with the more detailed description of each risk factor contained below. 
 Market Conditions 
 Deterioration of economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, changes in market conditions or weakening in global capital markets may materially affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Changes in interest rates have materially and adversely affected and may continue to materially and adversely affect our profitability. 
 Reserves and Exposures 
 The amount and timing of insurance and reinsurance liability claims are difficult to predict and such claims may exceed the related liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses or future policy benefits, or the liabilities associated with certain guaranteed benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value. 
 Reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit, and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. 
 Our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events. 
 Climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Concentration of our insurance, reinsurance and other risk exposures may have adverse effects. 
 Fortitude Re may fail to perform its obligations and the accounting treatment of our reinsurance agreements with Fortitude Re leads to volatility in our results of operations. 
 We may be required to accelerate the amortization of DAC and record additional liabilities for future policy benefits. 
 Losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties may materially and adversely affect the value of our investments, our profitability and sources of liquidity. 
 Investment Portfolio and Concentration of Investments 
 Our investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy, and the performance and value of our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. 
 We rely on investment management and advisory arrangements with third-party investment managers for the majority of our investment portfolio. The historical performance of Blackstone, BlackRock or any other investment manager we engage should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our investment portfolio, our future results or any returns expected on AIG Common Stock. 
 Our valuation of investments and derivatives involves the application of methodologies and assumptions to derive estimates, which may differ from actual experience and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity or lead to volatility in our net income. 
 Liquidity, Capital and Credit 
 AIG Parent s ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited, and our sources of liquidity may be insufficient to meet our needs, including providing capital that may be required by our subsidiaries. 
 We may not be able to generate cash to meet our needs due to the illiquidity of some of our investments. 
 A downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Changes in the method for determining LIBOR and the continuing phase out of LIBOR and uncertainty related to LIBOR replacement rates may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Business and Operations 
 No assurances can be given that the separation of our Life and Retirement business will be completed or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. In addition, we may not achieve the expected benefits of the separation and will have continuing equity market exposure to Corebridge until we fully divest our stake. 
 Pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks and estimate related losses. 
 Guarantees within certain of our Life and Retirement products may increase the volatility of our results. 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Our foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations. 
 We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Third parties we rely upon to provide certain business and administrative services on our behalf may not perform as anticipated, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 We may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels and the use of third parties may result in additional liabilities. 
 Failure to effectively execute on AIG 200 could have a material effect on our operations or financial condition. 
 Business or asset acquisitions and dispositions may expose us to certain risks. 
 Significant legal or regulatory proceedings may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators, policymakers and other stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters may adversely affect our reputation or otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 COVID-19 has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. 
 Employees and Competition 
 Employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and may result in reputational damage and significant losses. 
 Competition for employees in our industry is intense, and managing key employee succession is critical to our success. We may not be able to retain and attract key employees and other highly skilled employees we need to support our businesses. 
 We face intense competition in each of our business lines, and technological changes may present new and intensified challenges to our businesses. 
 Regulation 
 Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability. 
 New laws and regulations or new interpretations of current laws and regulations, both domestically and internationally, may affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. 
 An ownership change could limit our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income. 
 New and proposed changes to tax laws could increase our corporate taxes or make some of our products less attractive to consumers. 
 Estimates and Assumptions 
 Estimates or assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our business may differ materially from actual experience. 
 Changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements will impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 If our businesses do not perform well and/or their estimated fair values decline, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or establish an additional valuation allowance against the deferred income tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 16 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

Risk Factors 
 Investing in AIG involves risk. In deciding whether to invest in AIG, you should carefully consider the following risk factors. Any of these risk factors could have a significant or material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. They could also cause significant fluctuations and volatility in the trading price of our securities. Readers should not consider any descriptions of these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that could affect AIG. These factors should be considered carefully together with the other information contained in this report and the other reports and materials filed by us with the SEC. Further, many of these risks are interrelated and could occur under similar business and economic conditions, and the occurrence of certain of them may in turn cause the emergence or exacerbate the effect of others. Such a combination could materially increase the severity of the impact of these risks on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity above and beyond a risk s singular impact. 
 MARKET CONDITIONS 
 Deterioration of economic conditions, geopolitical tensions, changes in market conditions or weakening in global capital markets may materially affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Our businesses are highly dependent on global economic and market conditions. Weaknesses in economic conditions, including a recessionary environment, poor capital markets performance and market volatility have in the past led, and may in the future lead to, among other consequences, a poor operating environment, erosion of consumer and investor confidence, reduced business volumes, deteriorating liquidity, declines in asset valuations and impacts on policyholder behavior that could influence reserve valuations. Further, if our investment managers, including Blackstone and BlackRock, or any other asset managers we engage, fail to react appropriately to difficult market or economic conditions, our investment portfolio could incur material losses. 
 Key ways in which have in the past been, and could in the future be, negatively affected by economic conditions include: 
 increases in policy withdrawals, lapses, surrenders and cancellations and other impacts from changes in policyholder behavior compared to that assumed in pricing; 
 increased loss payments and loss costs due to inflation; 
 write-offs of deferred policy acquisition costs; 
 increases in liability for future policy benefits due to loss recognition on certain long-duration insurance and reinsurance contracts; 
 increases in costs associated with third-party reinsurance, or decreased ability to obtain reinsurance on acceptable terms; and 
 the increased likelihood of, or increased magnitude of, asset impairments caused by market fluctuations deterioration in collateral values or credit deterioration of borrowers. 
 Adverse economic conditions may result from a variety of factors including domestic and global economic and political developments, including rising interest rates, plateauing or decreasing economic growth and business activity, recessions, inflationary or deflationary pressures in developed economies, including the United States, civil unrest, pandemics, including disruptions caused by COVID-19, geopolitical tensions, foreign investment restrictions, or military action, such as the armed conflict between Ukraine and Russia and corresponding sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries, and new or evolving legal and regulatory requirements on business investment, hiring, migration, labor supply and global supply chains. 
 These and other market, economic, regulatory and political factors, including the impact of any new or prolonged government financial stimulus package or the expiration or suspension thereof, have and could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, results of operations, financial condition, capital and liquidity in many ways, including: 
 lower levels of consumer demand for and ability to afford our products and commercial business activities that have decreased and may continue to decrease revenues and profitability and thus impair goodwill, deferred tax assets or other long-term assets; 
 increased credit impairments, downgrades and losses across single or numerous asset classes due to lower collateral values or deteriorating cash flow and profitability by borrowers that could lead to higher defaults on the Company s investment portfolio, especially in geographic, industry or investment sectors where the Company has higher concentrations of exposure, such as real estate related borrowings and widening of credit spreads that could reduce investment asset valuations, decrease fee income and increase statutory capital requirements; 
 increased market volatility and uncertainty that could decrease liquidity, increase borrowing costs and limit access to capital markets; 
 the reduction of investment income generated by our investment portfolio; 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 disruption to our business operations in countries experiencing geopolitical tensions as well as increased costs associated with meeting customer needs in such regions; 
 increased costs related to our direct and third-party support services, labor and financing, increased credit risk and decreased sales as a result of inflationary pressures; and 
 limitations on business activities and increased compliance risks with respect to economic sanctions regulations relating to jurisdictions in which our businesses operate or we have operations. 
 Changes in interest rates have materially and adversely affected and may continue to materially and adversely affect our profitability. Global interest rates have been increasing, including in the United States, and in some cases, have risen rapidly after an extended period at or near historic lows. 
 We are exposed primarily to the following risks arising from or exacerbated by fluctuations in interest rates: 
 mismatch between the expected duration of our liabilities and our assets; 
 impairment to our ability to earn the returns or spreads assumed in the pricing and the reserving for our products; 
 changes in certain statutory reserve or capital requirements that are based on formulas or models that consider interest rates or prescribed interest rates, such as cash flow testing reserves; 
 changes in the costs of derivatives we use for hedging or increases in the volume of hedging we do as interest rates change; 
 loss related to an increase in policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals following a rise in interest rates; 
 loss from reduced fee income, increased guaranteed benefit costs and accelerated deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC) amortization arising from fluctuations in the variable product separate account values associated with fixed income investment options due to increased interest rates or credit spread widening; 
 the reinvestment risk associated with more prepayments on mortgage-backed securities and other fixed income securities in decreasing interest rate environments and fewer prepayments in increasing interest rate environments; 
 volatility in our GAAP results of operations driven by interest rate-related components of liabilities and equity market-related components of optional guaranteed benefits and the cost of associated hedges in low interest rate environments; and 
 increased financing and refinancing costs, in particular with respect to our corporate debt instruments. 
 Changes in interest rates have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the estimated fair values of the fixed income securities that constitute a substantial portion of our investment portfolio. This in turn has increased and could continue to increase the unrealized loss positions in our portfolio and adversely affect our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, thereby materially and adversely affecting our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Furthermore, changes in interest rates and credit spreads have led to decreasing the average account value of our separate accounts thereby negatively impacting the fee income we earn. 
 In periods of rapidly increasing interest rates, such as the current interest rate environment, we may not be able to purchase, in a timely manner, the investments in our general account with yields sufficient to fund the higher crediting rates necessary to keep interest rate sensitive products that we offer competitive. Therefore, we may need to accept a lower investment spread and, thus, lower profitability, or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts and related assets. Policy loans, surrenders and withdrawals also tend to increase as policyholders seek investments with higher perceived returns as interest rates rise. These impacts may continue to result in significant cash outflows requiring that we sell investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected by the increase in interest rates, which could result in realized investment losses when selling assets in an unrealized loss position. Further, the increase in interest rates has and could continue to have a material adverse effect on the value of our investment portfolio, for example, by decreasing the fair values of the fixed income and alternative investment securities that constitute a substantial portion of our investment portfolio as well as the alternative investments in our investment portfolio. This in turn could adversely affect our ability to realize our deferred tax assets. 
 Conversely, sustained low interest rates as we have experienced in recent years have negatively affected and could in the future negatively affect the performance of our investments and reduce the level of investment income earned on our investment portfolios, resulting in net investment spread compression. We experience lower investment income as well as lower sales of new Life and Retirement insurance products, including interest rate sensitive products, and policies when a low or declining U.S. interest rate environment persists, and/or interest rates turn negative, and these effects can persist so long as the investments purchased and products issued remain outstanding, even after rates have risen. We may also experience lower investment income if we are forced to reinvest cash flows from investments at rates below the average yield of our existing portfolios. Due to practical and capital markets limitations, we have in the past not been and may in the future not be able to fully mitigate our interest rate risk by matching exposure of our assets relative to our liabilities. Low levels of interest rates have in the past and could in the future continue to impair our ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for our products at the time they were sold and issued. 
 18 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 In addition, fluctuations in interest rates may expose us to the risk of increases in certain statutory reserve requirements that are based on formulas or models that consider interest rates, which would reduce statutory capital, and increases in capital requirements and the amount of assets we must maintain to support statutory reserves, which would reduce surplus. 
 The primary source of our exposure to credit spreads is in the value of our fixed income securities. If credit spreads widen significantly, we could be exposed to higher levels of defaults and impairments. If credit spreads tighten significantly, it could result in reduced net investment income and, in turn, reduced profitability associated with new purchases of fixed maturity securities. Tightening credit spreads would reduce the discount rates used in the principles-based statutory reserve calculation, potentially increasing statutory reserve requirements and, in turn, reducing statutory surplus. Although these effects on bond fund valuation and reserve discount rates run in offsetting directions for either credit spread widening or narrowing, it is possible for one of them to outweigh the other under certain market conditions. Any of these risks could cause an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 RESERVES AND EXPOSURES 
 The amount and timing of insurance and reinsurance liability claims are difficult to predict and such claims may exceed the related liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses or future policy benefits, or the liabilities associated with certain guaranteed benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value. 
 We regularly review the adequacy of the established liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses and future policy benefits, as well as liabilities associated with certain guaranteed benefits and indexed features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value. We also conduct extensive analyses of our reserves and embedded derivatives during the year. Our liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, future policy benefits and embedded derivatives, however, has and may develop adversely and materially impact our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 For General Insurance, estimation of ultimate net losses, loss expenses and the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is a complex process, particularly for both long-tail and medium-tail liability lines of business. There is also greater uncertainty in establishing reserves with respect to new business, particularly new business involving recently introduced product lines. In these cases, there is less historical experience or knowledge and less data upon which the actuaries can rely. Estimating reserves is further complicated by unexpected claims or unintended coverages that emerge due to unexpected events, such as pandemics or geopolitical conflicts. These emerging issues may increase the size or number of claims beyond our underwriting intent and may not become apparent for many years after a policy is issued. 
 While we use a number of analytical reserve development techniques to project future loss development, the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses has been and may continue to be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors that were relied upon in setting the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. These changes in loss cost trends or loss development factors could be due to changes in actual versus expected claims and losses, difficulties in predicting changes, such as changes in inflation, unemployment, or other social or economic factors affecting claims, including judicial and legislative actions, and changes in the tort environment. Any deviation in loss cost trends or in loss development factors might not be identified for an extended period of time after we record the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year or number of years. 
 For Life and Retirement, establishment and ongoing calculations of future policy benefits and related reinsurance assets is a complex process, with significant judgmental inputs, assumptions and modeling techniques. The inputs and assumptions used in connection with calculations of reserves for future policy benefits are inherently uncertain. Experience may develop adversely such that additional reserves must be established or the value of embedded derivatives may increase. Adverse experience could arise out of a number of factors, including, but not limited to, severe short-term events, such as a pandemic or changes to policyholder behavior during stressed economic periods, or due to misestimation of long-term assumptions such as mortality, interest rates, credit spreads, equity market levels and volatility and persistency assumptions. Certain variables, such as policyholder behavior, are difficult to estimate and can have a significant impact on reserves and embedded derivatives. Life and Retirement reviews and updates actuarial assumptions at least annually, typically in the third quarter for reserves and embedded derivatives. Additionally, Life and Retirement regularly carries out loss recognition testing for generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) reporting and cash flow testing for statutory reporting. 
 For additional information on reserve development, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Insurance Reserves. 
 For additional information on our loss reserves, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Loss Reserves and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For additional information regarding these products, see Notes 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1. Business Regulation, and Part II, Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Guaranteed Benefit Features of Variable Annuity, Fixed Annuity and Fixed Index Annuity Products. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit, and may not be adequate to protect us against losses. Our subsidiaries are major purchasers of third-party reinsurance and we use reinsurance as part of our overall risk management strategy. Our reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional reinsurance, which allows a reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance obligations originally assumed by the reinsurer. While reinsurance does not discharge our subsidiaries from their obligation to pay claims for losses insured or reinsured under our policies, it does make the reinsurer liable to the subsidiaries for the reinsured portion of the risk. Market conditions beyond our control may impact the availability and cost of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, reinsurance is typically more difficult or costly to obtain after a year or consecutive years with a large number of major catastrophes. We have been and may, at certain times be, (i) forced to incur additional costs for reinsurance, (ii) unable to obtain sufficient reinsurance on acceptable terms, or (iii) unable to obtain reinsurance for certain parts of our business. In instances where reinsurance is insufficient or unavailable, we would have to accept an increase in exposure to risk, reduce or stop writing certain lines of business written by our subsidiaries or seek alternatives in line with our risk limits, or a combination thereof. 
 Additionally, we are exposed to credit risk with respect to our subsidiaries reinsurers to the extent the reinsurance receivable is not secured, or is inadequately secured, by collateral or does not benefit from other credit enhancements. We also bear the risk that a reinsurer is, or may be, unwilling to pay amounts we have recorded as reinsurance recoverables for any reason, including that (i) the terms of the reinsurance contract do not reflect the intent of the parties to the contract or there is a disagreement between the parties as to their intent, or (ii) the terms of the contract cannot be legally enforced. We also bear the risk that (i) the terms of the contract are interpreted by a court or arbitration panel differently than expected, (ii) the reinsurance transaction performs differently than we anticipated compared to the original structure, terms or conditions, or (iii) a change in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation of the laws and regulations, materially impacts a reinsurance transaction. The insolvency of one or more of our reinsurers, the inability or unwillingness of such reinsurers to make timely payments under the terms of our contracts or payments in an amount equal to our reinsurance recoverable, or the risk that the reinsurance transaction does not operate as intended, including due to a change in laws and regulations or on account of court or arbitration panel interpretations, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and liquidity. 
 Additionally, the use of reinsurance placed in the capital markets may not provide the same levels of protection as traditional reinsurance transactions. Any disruption, volatility and uncertainty in these markets, such as following a major catastrophic event, may limit our ability to access such markets on terms favorable to us or at all. Also, to the extent that we intend to use structures based on an industry loss index or other non-indemnity trigger rather than on actual losses incurred by us, we could be subject to residual risk. 
 Our Life and Retirement companies also utilize intercompany reinsurance arrangements to provide capital benefits to their affiliated cedants. They have and may continue to pursue reinsurance transactions and permitted practices to manage the capital impact of statutory reserve requirements under applicable reserving rules, including PBR. The application of actuarial guidelines and PBR involves numerous interpretations. If state insurance departments do not agree with our interpretations or if regulations change with respect to our ability to manage the capital impact of certain statutory reserve requirements, the statutory reserve requirements of our Life and Retirement companies could increase, or the ability of our Life and Retirement companies to take reserve credit for reinsurance transactions could be reduced or eliminated. Additionally, if the ratings of our Life and Retirement companies decline, we could incur higher costs to obtain reinsurance, each of which could adversely affect sales of our products and our financial condition or results of operations. 
 The availability of private sector reinsurance for terrorism is limited and we currently have limited reinsurance coverage for terrorist attacks. While we benefit from the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA), which provides U.S. government risk assistance to the insurance industry to manage the exposure to terrorism incidents, TRIPRA has specific program limits and does not cover losses in certain lines of business such as personal property and personal casualty. We also rely on the government sponsored and government arranged terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 For additional information on our reinsurance recoverable, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risks Reinsurance Activities Reinsurance Recoverable. 
 Our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events . 
 Events such as hurricanes, windstorms, hailstorms, flooding, earthquakes, landslides, wildfires, solar storms, earth sinking, tsunamis, war or other military action, acts of terrorism, explosions and fires, cyberattacks, product defects, pandemics and other highly contagious diseases, mass torts, civil unrest and other catastrophes have adversely affected our business in the past and could do so in the future. 
 
 20 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Catastrophic events, and any relevant regulations, could result in losses in any business in which we operate, and could expose us to: 
 widespread claim costs associated with property, workers compensation, accident and health, travel, business interruption, cyber and mortality and morbidity claims; 
 loss resulting from a decline in the value of our invested assets; 
 limitations on our ability to recover deferred tax assets; 
 loss resulting from actual policy experience that is adverse compared to the assumptions made in product pricing; 
 revenue loss due to decline in customer base; 
 declines in value and/or losses with respect to companies and other entities whose securities we hold and counterparties we transact business with and have credit exposure to, including reinsurers; and 
 significant disruptions to our physical infrastructure, systems and operations. 
 Natural and man-made catastrophic events are generally unpredictable. Our exposure to catastrophe-related loss depends on various factors, including the frequency and severity of the catastrophes, the availability of reinsurance, the rate of inflation and the value and geographic or other concentrations of insured companies and individuals. Vendor models and proprietary assumptions and processes that we use to manage catastrophe exposure may prove to be ineffective due to incorrect assumptions or estimates. For example, modeling for terrorism, cyber events and pandemics is more difficult and may be less reliable. 
 In addition, legislative and regulatory initiatives and court decisions following major catastrophes (both natural and man-made) have required and could require us to pay the insured beyond the provisions of the original insurance policy and may prohibit the application of a deductible, resulting in inflated and unanticipated claims; or impose other restrictions after the occurrence of a major catastrophe, which would reduce our ability to mitigate exposure. These initiatives could impair our cash flows and, without regulatory relief, could reduce our subsidiaries capital ratios. 
 For additional information on potential catastrophic events, including a sensitivity analysis of our exposure to certain catastrophes, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risks. 
 For information regarding the effects of climate change on our business, see Reserves and Exposures Climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition below. 
 For information regarding the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, see Business and Operations COVID-19 has affected and may continue to adversely affect our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted below. 
 Climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 Climate change, indicated by higher concentrations of greenhouse gases, a warming atmosphere and ocean, wildfires, diminished snow and ice, and a rise in sea levels, appears to have contributed to an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters and the creation of uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. As such, climate change presents significant financial implications for AIG in areas such as underwriting, claims and investments, as well as risk capacity, financial reserving and operations. 
 Climate change presents challenges to our ability to effectively underwrite, model and price catastrophe risk particularly if the frequency and severity of catastrophic events such as pandemics, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, wildfires and windstorms and other natural disasters continue to increase. For example, losses resulting from actual policy experience may be adverse as compared to the assumptions made in product pricing as well as mortality assumptions and our ability to mitigate our exposure may be reduced. 
 Climate change-related risks may also adversely impact the value of the securities that we hold or lead to credit risk of other counterparties we transact business with, including reinsurers. Our reputation or corporate brand could also be negatively impacted as a result of changing customer or societal perceptions of organizations that we either insure or invest in due to their actions (or lack thereof) with respect to climate change. Any policies adopted by investors to address changing societal perceptions on climate change could result in increased compliance costs to our businesses and changes to our corporate governance and risk management practices, and may affect the type of assets we hold in our investment portfolio. 
 In addition, lawmakers and regulators have imposed and may continue to impose new requirements or issue new guidance aimed at addressing or mitigating climate change-related risks and efforts undertaken in response thereto. Additional actions by foreign governments, regulators and international standard setters could result in substantial additional regulation to which we may be subject. It is also possible that the laws and regulations adopted in U.S. state, U.S. federal or foreign jurisdictions regarding climate change-related risks will differ from one another, and that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Additionally, litigation related to climate change has increased in recent years. Many lawsuits center on enforcement or interpretation of environmental laws and regulations, often seeking to use litigation as a tool to influence governmental and corporate climate policies. Other cases seek damages for contribution to climate change or for insufficient disclosure around material financial risks. Increased litigation of this nature could trigger losses under liability policies, such as casualty and directors and officers insurance policies, increase our liabilities and affect the viability of certain of our business lines. 
 In addition, severe weather and other effects of climate change result in more frequent and more severe damages, leading to lawsuits. Wildfires in the western U.S., resulting in significant litigation liability for utility companies, are an example of this. Indirect climate change effects are also seen in litigation over flooding, mudslides and other severe weather that results in injury or damage, as well as in construction defect litigation, chemical release lawsuits, and workers compensation claims. Litigation related to climate change may, through increased claims from our customers and adverse impacts to the value of the securities that we hold, adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 We have also faced and may continue to face business continuity risk as a result of climate change-related incidents that may disrupt business operations, including extreme weather events. We cannot predict the long-term impacts of climate change on our business and results of operations. 
 For information regarding risks associated with other catastrophic events, see Reserves and Exposures Our consolidated results of operations, liquidity, financial condition and ratings are subject to the effects of natural and man-made catastrophic events above. 
 Concentration of our insurance, reinsurance and other risk exposures may have adverse effects. 
 We are exposed to risks as a result of concentrations in our insurance and reinsurance policies, investments, derivatives and other obligations that we undertake for customers and counterparties. We manage these risks related to concentration by monitoring the accumulation of our exposures to factors such as exposure type and size, industry, geographic region, counterparty and other factors. We also seek to use third-party reinsurance, hedging and other arrangements to limit or offset exposures that exceed our retention and risk appetite limits. In certain circumstances, however, these risk management arrangements may not be available on acceptable terms or may prove to be ineffective. Our risk exposures under insurance and reinsurance policies, derivatives and other obligations are, from time to time, compounded by risk exposure assumed in our investment business. Also, our exposure for certain single risk coverages and other coverages may be so large that adverse experience compared to our expectations may have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations or result in additional statutory capital requirements for our subsidiaries. 
 In addition, the separation of our Life and Retirement business, if completed, could increase the materiality of these potential concentrations in the remaining portfolio. For additional information on risks associated with the separation of the Life and Retirement business from AIG, see Business Operations No assurances can be given that the separation of our Life and Retirement business will be completed or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. In addition, we may not achieve the expected benefits of the separation and will have continuing equity market exposure to Corebridge until we fully divest our stake below. 
 Also see Part II, Item 7. MD A Business Segment Operations General Insurance Business Strategy and Outlook Industry and Economic Factors, and Part II, Item 7. MD A Business Segment Operations Life and Retirement Business Strategy and Outlook Industry and Economic Factors. 
 Fortitude Re may fail to perform its obligations and the accounting treatment of our reinsurance agreements with Fortitude Re leads to volatility in our results of operations. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately billion of reserves from AIG s Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines and approximately billion of reserves from AIG s General Insurance Run-Off Lines, related to business written by multiple wholly-owned AIG subsidiaries, had been ceded to Fortitude Re under reinsurance transactions. These reserve balances are fully collateralized pursuant to the terms of the reinsurance transactions. Our subsidiaries continue to remain primarily liable to policyholders under the business reinsured with Fortitude Re. As a result, if Fortitude Re is unable to successfully operate, or other issues arise that affect its financial condition or ability to satisfy or perform its obligations to our subsidiaries, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity to the extent the amount of collateral posted in respect of our reinsurance receivable is inadequate. Further, as is customary in similar reinsurance agreements, upon the occurrence of certain termination and recapture triggers, our subsidiaries may elect or may be required to recapture the business ceded under such reinsurance agreements, which would result in a substantial increase to our insurance liabilities and statutory capital requirements and may require us to raise capital to recapture such ceded business. These termination and recapture triggers include Fortitude Re becoming insolvent or being placed into liquidation, rehabilitation, conservatorship, supervision, receivership, bankruptcy or similar proceedings, certain regulatory ratios falling below certain thresholds, and, in the case of those reinsurance agreements made with Life and Retirement, Fortitude Re s failure to perform under the reinsurance agreements, or its entry into certain transactions without receiving the consent of Corebridge. 
 As the reinsurance transactions between AIG and Fortitude Re are structured as modified coinsurance (modco) for the Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines and loss portfolio transfer arrangements with funds withheld for the General Insurance Run-Off Lines, the manner in which we account for these reinsurance arrangements has led, and will continue to lead, to volatility in our results of operations. In modco and funds withheld arrangements, the investments supporting the reinsurance agreements, and which reflect 
 22 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 the majority of the consideration that would be paid to the reinsurer for entering into the transaction, are withheld by, and therefore continue to reside on the balance sheet of, the ceding company (i.e., AIG and its subsidiaries) thereby creating an obligation for the ceding company to pay the reinsurer (i.e., Fortitude Re) at a later date. Additionally, as our applicable insurance subsidiaries maintain ownership of these investments, AIG will maintain its existing accounting for these assets (e.g., the changes in fair value of available for sale securities will be recognized within other comprehensive income). AIG has established a funds withheld payable to Fortitude Re while simultaneously establishing a reinsurance asset representing reserves for the insurance coverage that Fortitude Re has assumed. The funds withheld payable contains an embedded derivative and changes in fair value of the embedded derivative related to the funds withheld payable are recognized in earnings through realized gains (losses). This embedded derivative is considered a total return swap with contractual returns that are attributable to various assets and liabilities associated with these reinsurance agreements. As a result of changes in the fair value of the embedded derivative, we experience volatility in our GAAP net income. 
 For additional information on our exposure to credit risk of reinsurers, see Reserves and Exposures Reinsurance may be unavailable or too expensive relative to its benefit, and may not be adequate to protect us against losses above. 
 We may be required to accelerate the amortization of DAC and record additional liabilities for future policy benefits. 
 We incur significant costs in connection with acquiring new and renewal insurance business. DAC represents deferred costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business. The recovery of these costs is generally dependent upon the future profitability of the related business, but DAC amortization varies based on the type of contract. For long-duration traditional business, DAC is generally amortized in proportion to premium revenue and varies with lapse experience. Actual lapses in excess of expectations have and may result in an acceleration of DAC amortization, and therefore, adversely impact our results of operations. 
 DAC for investment-oriented products is generally amortized in proportion to actual and estimated gross profits. Estimated gross profits are affected by a number of factors, including levels of current and expected interest rates, net investment income (which is net of investment expenses) and credit spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender rates, mortality experience, policyholder behavior experience and equity market returns and volatility. If actual and/or future estimated gross profits are less than originally expected, then the amortization of these costs would be accelerated in the period this is determined and would result in a lower-than-expected profitability, potentially impacting our ability to achieve our financial goals. Additionally, this would also result in a decrease in expected future profitability and an acceleration of the amortization of DAC, and therefore lower than expected pre-tax income earned during the then current period. 
 We also periodically review products for potential loss recognition events, principally long-duration products. This review involves estimating the future profitability of in-force business and requires significant management judgment about assumptions including, but not limited to, mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses and investment returns, including net realized gains (losses). If actual experience or revised future expectations result in projected future losses, we may be required to amortize any remaining DAC and record additional liabilities through a charge to policyholder benefit expense in the then current period, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 For additional information on DAC and future policy benefits, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates and Notes 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For additional information on changes to accounting standards for long-duration insurance contracts, see Estimates and Assumptions Changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements will impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. 
 Losses due to nonperformance or defaults by counterparties may materially and adversely affect the value of our investments, our profitability and sources of liquidity. 
 We are exposed to credit risk arising from exposures to various counterparties related to investments, derivatives, premiums receivable, certain General Insurance businesses and reinsurance recoverables. These counterparties include, but are not limited to, issuers of fixed income and equity securities we hold, borrowers of loans we hold, customers, plan sponsors, trading counterparties, counterparties under swaps and other derivatives instruments, reinsurers, corporate and governmental entities whose payments or performance we insure, joint venture partners, clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses, custodians, brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, intra-group counterparties with respect to derivatives and other third parties, financial intermediaries and institutions and guarantors. These counterparties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, financial distress, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud, government intervention and other reasons. In addition, for exchange-traded derivatives, such as futures, options as well as "cleared" over-the-counter derivatives, we are generally exposed to the credit risk of the relevant central counterparty clearing house and futures commission merchants through which we clear derivatives. Defaults by these counterparties on their obligations to us could have a material adverse effect on the value of our investments, business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 An insolvency of, or the appointment of a receiver to rehabilitate or liquidate, a significant competitor could negatively impact our business if such appointment were to impact consumer confidence in our products and services. Additionally, if the underlying assets supporting the structured securities we invest in are expected to default or actually default on their payment obligations, our securities may incur losses. 
 In addition, our exposure to credit risk may be exacerbated in periods of market or credit stress, as derivative counterparties take a more conservative view of their acceptable credit exposure to us, resulting in reduced capacity to execute derivative-based hedges. 
 INVESTMENT PORTFOLIO AND CONCENTRATION OF INVESTMENTS 
 Our investment portfolio is concentrated in certain segments of the economy, and the performance and value of our investment portfolio are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties. 
 Our results of operations and financial condition have in the past been, and may in the future be, adversely affected by the degree of concentration in our consolidated investment portfolio. For example, we have holdings of real estate and real estate-related investments, including residential mortgage- backed, commercial mortgage-backed and other asset-backed securities and residential and commercial mortgage loans. We also have significant exposures to financial institutions and, in particular, to money center banks and global banks, certain industries, such as energy and utilities, the U.S. federal, state and local government issuers and authorities, and global financial institutions, governments and corporations. Events or developments that have a negative effect on any particular industry, asset class, group of related industries or geographic region may adversely affect the valuation of our investments to the extent they are concentrated in such segments. Our ability to sell assets in such segments may be limited. 
 Our investments are also subject to market risks and uncertainties, including, in addition to interest rate risk, changes in the level of credit spreads, currency rates, and commodity and equity prices, each of which has affected and will continue to affect the value of investments in our investment portfolio as well as the performance of, and returns generated by, such investments. For information regarding risks associated with interest rate volatility, see Market Conditions Changes in interest rates have materially and adversely affected and may continue to materially and adversely affect our profitability above. 
 Furthermore, our alternative investment portfolio, which is subject to volatility in equity markets, includes investments for which changes in fair value are reported through pre-tax income. An economic downturn or decline in the capital markets has had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our investment income, including as a result of decreases in the fair value of alternative investments. 
 We rely on investment management and advisory arrangements with third-party investment managers for the majority of our investment portfolio. The historical performance of Blackstone, BlackRock or any other investment manager we engage should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our investment portfolio, our future results or any returns expected on AIG Common Stock. In 2021, AIG entered into a long-term investment management relationship with Blackstone, pursuant to which Blackstone is initially managing 50 billion of Corebridge s existing investment portfolio, with that amount increasing to an aggregate of 92.5 billion over the next five years. In addition, beginning in April 2022, certain AIG and Corebridge insurance company subsidiaries have entered into investment management agreements with BlackRock, pursuant to which BlackRock is managing over 150 billion of our investments in liquid fixed income and certain private placement assets, including over 90 billion of the Corebridge investment portfolio. 
 As part of the arrangements with Blackstone, Blackstone is serving as exclusive external investment manager for certain of Corebridge's insurance company subsidiaries for certain asset classes, which has led to an increase in investment management fees payable by us as compared to expenses we have historically incurred for similar services. Under the arrangements with Blackstone, there are provisions that require minimum management fees to be paid to Blackstone to the extent actual amounts charged to the Corebridge insurance company subsidiaries are below such minimums. Also, the exclusivity provisions and termination provisions that are part of these arrangements with Blackstone may prevent our Corebridge subsidiaries from retaining other external investment managers with respect to the subject asset classes who may produce better returns on investments than Blackstone. In addition, pursuant to the relevant agreements with Blackstone, if such agreements are terminated for reasons other than certain specified reasons, Corebridge could be required to continue paying investment advisory fees to Blackstone regardless of the termination. Corebridge may not have the funds available to pay any such fees and its insurance company subsidiaries may not be able or permitted to pay dividends or make other distributions to Corebridge in an amount sufficient to pay any such fees or at all. Any requirement to pay such fees could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 If Blackstone or BlackRock are unable to effectively manage our portfolio, the concentration of assets in our portfolio that are managed by Blackstone and BlackRock could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 In addition, Blackstone and BlackRock are generally compensated based solely on our assets which they manage, rather than by investment return targets, and as a result, Blackstone and BlackRock are not directly incentivized to maximize investment return targets. Our investment portfolio s returns have benefited historically from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not currently exist and may not be repeated. There can be no guarantee that Blackstone, BlackRock or any other investment 
 24 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 manager we engage will be able to achieve any particular returns or generate investment opportunities with attractive, risk-adjusted returns for our investment portfolio in the future. 
 Our valuation of investments and derivatives involves the application of methodologies and assumptions to derive estimates, which may differ from actual experience and could result in changes to investment valuations that may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity or lead to volatility in our net income. 
 During periods of market disruption, it has been and may continue to be difficult to value certain of our investments or derivatives if trading becomes less frequent and/or market data becomes less observable. There may be cases where certain assets in normally active markets with significant observable data become inactive with insufficient observable data due to the financial environment or market conditions in effect at that time. As a result, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation and judgment as well as valuation methods that are more complex. These values may not be realized in a market transaction, may not reflect the value of the asset and may change very rapidly as market conditions change and valuation assumptions are modified. Decreases in value and/or an inability to realize that value in a market transaction or other disposition may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 For information regarding volatility in accounting as it relates to Fortitude Re, see Reserves and Exposures Fortitude Re may fail to perform its obligations and the accounting treatment of our reinsurance agreements with Fortitude Re leads to volatility in our results of operations above. 
 LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL AND CREDIT 
 AIG Parent s ability to access funds from our subsidiaries is limited, and our sources of liquidity may be insufficient to meet our needs, including providing capital that may be required by our subsidiaries. As a holding company, AIG Parent depends on dividends and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund operations, pay dividends, meet debt service obligations and meet the capital and liquidity needs of our subsidiaries. The majority of our investments are held by our regulated subsidiaries. Any inability by our subsidiaries to make dividend or other payments in an amount sufficient to enable AIG Parent to meet its cash requirements could have an adverse effect on our operations or our business, results of operations, financial condition, capital and liquidity. 
 The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us in the future will depend on their earnings, capital levels, tax considerations, covenants contained in any financing or other agreements, applicable regulatory restrictions and rating agency requirements. In addition, such payments could be limited as a result of claims against our subsidiaries by their creditors, including suppliers, vendors, lessors and employees. Additionally, our insurance subsidiaries may be limited in their ability to make dividend payments to AIG Parent in the future because of the need to meet their obligations or to support their own capital levels or because of regulatory limits and restrictions or changes in, or interpretations of, regulatory or rating agency standards. 
 Our decision to pursue strategic changes or transactions in our business and operations may also subject our subsidiaries dividend plans to heightened regulatory scrutiny and could make obtaining regulatory approvals for extraordinary distributions by our subsidiaries, if required, more difficult. We are also subject to certain other restrictions on our capital from time to time. 
 If our liquidity is insufficient to meet our needs, we may need to have recourse to third-party financing, external capital markets or other sources of liquidity, which may not be available or could be expensive. The availability and cost of any additional financing at any given time depends on a variety of factors, including general market conditions, the volume of trading activities, the overall availability of credit, regulatory actions and our credit ratings and credit capacity. It is also possible that, as a result of such recourse to external financing, customers, lenders or investors could develop a negative perception of our long- or short-term financial prospects. If AIG Parent is unable to satisfy a capital need of a subsidiary, the credit rating agencies could downgrade the subsidiary s financial strength ratings or the subsidiary could become insolvent or, in certain cases, could be seized by its regulator. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we are required to post collateral for our insurance company subsidiaries from time to time. If our reinsurance liabilities increase, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance company clients that we reinsure. In addition, we may be required to post additional collateral due to regulatory changes from time to time, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 For additional information on our liquidity, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Liquidity and Capital Resources. 
 For additional information on rating agency requirements, see Liquidity, Capital and Credit A downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity below. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 We may not be able to generate cash to meet our needs due to the illiquidity of some of our investments. 
 We and our subsidiaries have a diversified investment portfolio. However, economic conditions as well as adverse capital market conditions, including a lack of buyers, the inability of potential buyers to obtain financing on reasonable terms, volatility, credit spread changes, interest rate changes, foreign currency exchange rates and/or declines in collateral values have in the past impacted, and may in the future impact, the liquidity and value of our investments. 
 We have investments in certain securities, including certain fixed income structured and privately placed securities as well as investments in private equity funds and hedge funds, mortgage loans, finance receivables and real estate that are less liquid than other types of securities. Collectively, investments in these assets had a carrying value of 66 billion at December 31, 2022. If it became necessary to sell such assets in a stressed market environment, the prices achieved in any sale of such securities may be lower than their carrying value, which could cause a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Adverse changes in the valuation of real estate and real estate-linked assets, deterioration of capital markets and widening credit spreads have in the past, and may in the future, materially adversely affect the liquidity and the value of our investment portfolios, including our residential and commercial mortgage related securities portfolios. 
 In the event additional liquidity is required by one or more of our companies, it may be difficult for us to generate additional liquidity by selling, pledging or otherwise monetizing these or other of our investments at reasonable prices and time frames. 
 A downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Downgrades of the Insurer Financial Strength (IFS) ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could (i) prevent these companies from selling, or make it more difficult for them to succeed in selling, products and services, (ii) make it more difficult for them to obtain new reinsurance or obtain it on reasonable pricing terms, and/or (iii) result in increased policy cancellations, lapses and surrenders, termination of, or increased collateral posting obligations under, assumed reinsurance contracts, or return of premiums. 
 A downgrade in AIG Parent s credit ratings could result in a downgrade of the IFS ratings of our insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries. Similarly, under credit rating agency policies, a downgrade of the IFS ratings of our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries could also result in a downgrade in AIG Parent s credit ratings. 
 In addition, a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings could potentially increase our financing costs and limit the availability of financing. A downgrade would also require us to post additional collateral payments related to derivative transactions to which we are a party, and could cause counterparties to limit or reduce their exposure to us and thus reduce our ability to manage our market risk exposures effectively. 
 These events could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 For additional information on rating agency actions, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Liquidity and Capital Resources Credit Ratings and Financial Strength Ratings. 
 Changes in the method for determining LIBOR and the continuing phase out of LIBOR and uncertainty related to LIBOR replacement rates may affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We have assets, liabilities and obligations with interest rates tied to the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) for U.S. dollars and other certain remaining currencies. Starting January 1, 2022, all LIBOR settings either ceased to be provided by any administrator, or are no longer representative for all non-U.S. dollar LIBOR settings and one-week and two-month U.S. dollar (USD) LIBOR settings, and we expect the same will occur immediately after June 30, 2023 for the remaining USD LIBOR settings, absent subsequent action by the relevant authorities. 
 Significant recommendations as to alternative rates and as to protocols have been advanced by various regulators and market participants, including the Alternative Reference Rates Committee of the United States Federal Reserve (ARRC), the International Swaps and Derivatives Association (ISDA), and the UK FCA, and legislative action by the U.S. Congress and the State of New York, but there can be no assurance that the various recommendations or legislative action will be effective at preventing or mitigating disruption as a result of the transition. In particular, for U.S. dollar LIBOR, the ARRC has selected the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as its preferred replacement benchmark and has formally recommended, in limited cases, a term rate based on SOFR; both ARRC and ISDA have taken significant steps toward implementing various fallback provisions and protocols; and for British pound sterling, relevant authorities have promoted use of Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) as a replacement for LIBOR. However, the market transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates, including SOFR or SONIA, is complex and could result in disruptions, among other things, due to differences between LIBOR (an unsecured forward-looking term rate) and alternative rates that are based on historical measures of overnight secured rates; due to failure of market participants to fully accept such alternative rates; or due to difficulties in amending legacy LIBOR contracts or implementing processes for determining new alternative rates. 
 26 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 The consequences of LIBOR reform could adversely affect the market for LIBOR-based securities, the payment obligations under our existing LIBOR-based liabilities and our ability to issue funding agreements bearing a floating rate of interest, as well as the value of financial and insurance products tied to LIBOR, investment portfolio or the substantial amount of derivatives contracts we use to hedge our assets, insurance and other liabilities. 
 We cannot be certain that measures taken to address the transition from LIBOR will effectively mitigate potential risks related to such transition. In addition, we anticipate there may be additional risks to our current processes and information systems that will need to be identified and evaluated by us. Uncertainty as to the nature of such potential changes, alternative reference rates or other reforms could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS 
 No assurances can be given that the separation of our Life and Retirement business will be completed or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. In addition, we may not achieve the expected benefits of the separation and will have continuing equity market exposure to Corebridge until we fully divest our stake. In September of 2022, AIG closed on the initial public offering of 12.4 percent of Corebridge s common stock. While we currently intend to sell down our ownership interest in Corebridge over time following expiration of our lock-up, there can be no guarantee as to the timing or pricing thereof. 
 Similar to other business dispositions, the separation of our Life and Retirement business involves a number of risks, including (i) unanticipated developments that may delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect our ability to effect a separation; (ii) significant costs and disruption or distraction of management from AIG s other business operations, whether or not a separation is completed; (iii) rating agency actions; (iv) unforeseen losses, liabilities or asset impairments arising from the disposition; and (v) if we are successful in separating the business, increased concentration of our business operations. 
 In addition, the separation of our Life and Retirement business, or a significant delay in our ability to continue to separate the business, has and could continue to cause the emergence or exacerbate the effects of many of the other risks noted herein, including: (i) the risk of indemnity claims that could be made against us in connection with divested businesses; (ii) our ability to utilize certain tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income going forward; (iii) competition for employees and managing retention of key employees; (iv) maintaining relationships with certain key distributors; (v) concentration of our insurance and other risk exposures; and (vi) increased exposure to certain risks related to deriving revenue from non-U.S. sources. 
 We believe that the separation of our Life and Retirement business allows us and Corebridge to pursue distinct strategies appropriate to our respective markets. However, there can be no assurance that we will realize any or all of the expected strategic, financial, operational or other benefits of the separation. Our businesses and results of operations may be negatively impacted if we are unable to realize the anticipated expense reductions and organizational improvements of the separation and any related restructuring activities, or if implementing these initiatives harms our relationships with customers or employees or our competitive position. A failure to realize expected benefits of the separation could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, we continue to have a significant equity ownership position in Corebridge, and changes in the market price of Corebridge common stock may have a material impact on us. 
 Pricing for our products is subject to our ability to adequately assess risks and estimate related losses. Our business is dependent on our ability to price our products effectively and charge appropriate premiums, policy fees and other charges. Pricing adequacy depends on a number of factors and assumptions, including proper evaluation of insurance risks, our expense levels, expected net investment income to be realized, our response to rate actions taken by competitors, legal and regulatory developments, the ability to obtain regulatory approval for rate changes and inflation. Management establishes target returns for each product based upon the factors described above, certain underwriting assumptions and capital requirements, including statutory, GAAP and economic capital models. We monitor and manage pricing and sales to achieve target returns on new business, but we may not be able to achieve those returns due to the factors discussed above. Inadequate pricing and the difference between estimated results of the above factors compared to actual results could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our operations and our financial condition. 
 Guarantees within certain of our Life and Retirement products may increase the volatility of our results. Certain of our annuity and life insurance products include features that guarantee a certain level of benefits, including guaranteed minimum death benefits, guaranteed living benefits, including guaranteed minimum income benefits, and products with guaranteed interest crediting rates, including crediting rate guarantees tied to the performance of various market indices. Many of these features are accounted for at fair value as embedded derivatives under GAAP, and they have significant exposure to capital markets and insurance risks. An increase in valuation of liabilities associated with the guaranteed features results in a decrease in our profitability and depending on the magnitude of any such increase, could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, including our capitalization, as well as our financial strength ratings. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 We employ a capital markets hedging strategy to partially offset the economic impacts of movements in equity, interest rate and credit markets, however, our hedging strategy may not effectively offset movements in our GAAP equity or our and statutory surplus and capital requirements and may otherwise be insufficient in relation to our obligations. Furthermore, we are subject to the risk that changes in policyholder behavior or actual levels of mortality/longevity as compared to assumptions in pricing and reserving, combined with adverse market events, could produce losses not addressed by the risk management techniques employed. These factors, individually or collectively, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or liquidity including our ability to receive dividends from our operating companies. 
 Changes in interest rates result in changes to the fair value liability. All else being equal, higher interest rates generally decrease the fair value of our liabilities, which increases our earnings, while low interest rates generally increase the fair value of our liabilities, which decreases our earnings. A prolonged low interest rate environment or a prolonged period of widening credit spreads may also subject us to increased hedging costs or an increase in the amount of statutory reserves that our insurance subsidiaries are required to hold for our liabilities, lowering their statutory surplus, which would adversely affect their ability to pay dividends. In addition, it may also increase the perceived value of our benefits to our policyholders, which in turn may lead to a higher than expected benefit utilization and persistency of those products over time. 
 Differences between the change in fair value of the GAAP embedded derivatives, as well as associated statutory and tax liabilities, and the value of the related hedging portfolio may occur and can be caused by movements in the level of equity, interest rate and credit markets, market volatility, policyholder behavior and mortality/longevity rates that differ from our assumptions and our inability to purchase hedging instruments at prices consistent with the desired risk and return trade-off. In addition, we may sometimes choose not to hedge or fully mitigate these risks, based on economic considerations and other factors. The occurrence of one or more of these events has in the past resulted in, and could in the future result in, an increase in the fair value of liabilities associated with the guaranteed benefits without an offsetting increase in the value of our hedges, or a decline in the value of our hedges without an offsetting decline in our liabilities, thus reducing our results of operations and shareholders equity. 
 For additional information on these products, see Notes 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Item 1. Business Regulation and Part II, Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Guaranteed Benefit Features of Variable Annuity, Fixed Annuity and Fixed Index Annuity Products. 
 Our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We have developed and continue to enhance enterprise-wide risk management policies and procedures to identify, monitor and mitigate risk and loss to which we are exposed. Our risk management policies and procedures may not be sufficiently comprehensive and may not identify or adequately protect us from every risk to which we are exposed. Many of our methods of identifying, measuring, underwriting and managing risks are based upon our study and use of historical market, applicant, customer, employee and bad actor behavior or statistics based on historical models. As a result, these methods may not accurately predict future exposures from events such as a major financial market disruption as the result of a natural or man-made disaster (for example, a climate-related event or terrorist attack), that could be significantly different than the historical measures indicate, and which could also result in a substantial change in policyholder behavior and claims levels not previously observed. We have and will continue to enhance our underwriting processes, including, from time to time, considering and integrating newly available sources of data to confirm and refine our traditional underwriting methods. Our efforts at implementing these improvements may not, however, be fully successful, which may adversely affect our competitive position. We have also introduced new product features designed to limit our risk and taken actions on in-force business, which may not be fully successful in limiting or eliminating risk. We may take additional actions on our in-force business, including adjusting crediting rates and cost of insurance, which may not be fully successful in maintaining profitability and which may result in litigation. Moreover, our hedging programs and reinsurance strategies that are designed to manage market risk and mortality risk rely on assumptions regarding our assets, liabilities, general market factors and the creditworthiness of our counterparties that could prove to be incorrect or inadequate. Our hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate swaps and swaptions, as well as other hedging instruments, which may not effectively or completely reduce our risk; and assumptions underlying models used to measure accumulations and support reinsurance purchases may prove inaccurate and could leave us exposed to larger than expected catastrophe losses in a given year. In addition, our current business continuity and disaster recovery plans may not be sufficient to reduce the impact of pandemics, cyber risks, including ransomware, and other natural or man-made catastrophic events that are beyond our anticipated thresholds or impact tolerances. Other risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients, or other matters that is publicly available or otherwise accessible to us, which may not always be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record and verify large numbers of transactions and events in each jurisdiction in which we operate. Jurisdictions have unique requirements with respect to artificial intelligence and environmental, social and governance matters, which may impact the efficacy of our standardized risk management tools and techniques and therefore our policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Accordingly, our risk management policies and procedures may not adequately mitigate the risks to our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 28 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 If our risk management policies and procedures are ineffective, we may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. As our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve and new risks emerge, including for example risks related to climate change or meeting regulatory and stakeholder expectations relating to ESG or cybersecurity issues, our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. As a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. The effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses, because of market stress, unanticipated financial market movements or unanticipated claims experience from adverse mortality, morbidity or policyholder behavior. In addition, there can be no assurance that we can effectively review and monitor all risks or that all of our employees will understand and follow (or comply with) our risk management policies and procedures. 
 Our foreign operations expose us to risks that may affect our operations. We provide insurance, reinsurance, investment and other financial products and services to both businesses and individuals in approximately 70 countries and jurisdictions. A substantial portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, and we intend to continue to grow our business in strategic markets. Operations outside the United States have in the past been, and may in the future be, affected by regional economic downturns, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, political events or upheaval, sanctions policies, nationalization and other restrictive government or regulatory actions, which could also affect our other operations. 
 AIG subsidiaries operating in foreign jurisdictions must satisfy local regulatory requirements and it is possible that local licenses may require AIG Parent to meet certain conditions. Licenses issued by foreign authorities to our subsidiaries are subject to modification and revocation. Consequently, our insurance subsidiaries could be prevented from conducting future business in some of the jurisdictions where they currently operate. Adverse actions from any single country could adversely affect our results of operations, depending on the magnitude of the event and our financial exposure at that time in that country. 
 AIG is subject to myriad regulations which govern items such as sanctions, bribery and anti-money laundering, for which failure to comply could expose us to significant penalties. The USA Patriot Act of 2011 requires companies to know certain information about their clients and to monitor their transactions for suspicious activities. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act makes it unlawful for certain classes of persons and entities to make payments to foreign government officials to assist in obtaining or retaining business. Also, the Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control administers regulations that restrict or prohibit dealings within U.S. jurisdictions involving certain organizations, individuals, countries, and financial products. The UK, the EU and other jurisdictions maintain similar laws and regulations. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws, if those controls are ineffective and/or an employee or third party fails to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we could suffer civil and criminal penalties, including disgorgement, and our business and our reputation could be adversely affected. 
 We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. We use information technology systems, infrastructure and networks and other operational systems to store, retrieve, evaluate and use customer, employee, and company data and information. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to access these systems and networks to perform necessary business functions. In the event of a natural disaster, a computer virus, unauthorized access, a terrorist attack, cyber attack or other disruption, our systems and networks may be inaccessible to our employees, customers or business partners for an extended period of time, and we may be unable to meet our business obligations and regulatory requirements for an extended period of time if our data or systems are disabled, manipulated, destroyed or otherwise compromised. Additionally, some of our systems and networks are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade. Supply chain disruptions or delays could prevent us from maintaining and implementing changes, updates and upgrades to our systems and networks in a timely manner or at all. System and network failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform business functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business, hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers and expose us to legal claims as well as regulatory investigations and sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Some of these systems and networks also rely upon third-party systems and services, which themselves may rely on the systems and services of other third parties. Problems caused by, or occurring in relation to, our third-party providers systems and services, including those resulting from breakdowns or other disruptions in information technology services provided by our third-party providers and the other third-parties on which they rely, our inability to acquire third-party services on commercially acceptable terms, failure of a third-party provider to perform as anticipated or in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, inability of a third-party provider to provide the required volumes of services or third-party providers experiences cyberattacks, security breaches or data breaches, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Like other global companies, the systems and networks we maintain and third-party systems and networks we use have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to or targets of unauthorized or fraudulent access, including physical or electronic break- ins or unauthorized tampering, as well as attempted cyber and other security threats and other computer-related penetrations such as denial of service attacks, phishing, untargeted but sophisticated and automated attacks, and other disruptive software, including ransomware. The frequency and sophistication of such threats continue to increase and often become further heightened in connection with geopolitical tensions. Also, like other global companies, we have an increasing challenge of retaining and attracting highly qualified personnel to assist us in combatting these security threats. 
 We continuously monitor and develop our information security and technology operations in an effort to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of threats to our data, systems and networks, including malware and computer virus attacks, ransomware, unauthorized access, business e-mail compromise, misuse, denial-of-service attacks, system failures and disruptions, both independently and through contracts with third parties. There is no assurance that our security measures, including information security and technology policies and standards, administrative, technical and physical controls and other actions designed as preventative, will provide fully effective protection from such events. AIG maintains insurance to cover operational risks, such as cyber risk and technology outages, but this insurance may not cover all costs associated with the consequences of information systems or personal, confidential or proprietary information being compromised. In the case of a successful ransomware attack in which our data and information systems are compromised and applicable restore control processes to restore access are not effective, our information could be held hostage until a ransom, which may be significant, is paid. In some cases, such a compromise may not be immediately detected which may make it difficult to restore critical services, mitigate damage to assets and maintain the integrity and security of data including our policyholder, employee, agent, and other confidential information processed through our systems and networks. 
 Additionally, since we rely heavily on information technology and systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data to run our businesses and service our customers, any such security event and resulting compromise of systems or data may impede or interrupt our business operations and our ability to service our customers, and otherwise may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We are continuously evaluating and enhancing our information security and technology systems and processes, including third-party systems and services on which we rely. These continued enhancements and changes, as well as changes designed to update and enhance our protective measures to address new threats, may not decrease the risk of a system or process failure or may create a gap in the associated security measures during the change period. Any such system or process failure or security measures gap could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 We routinely transmit, receive and store personal, confidential and proprietary information by email and other electronic means. Although we attempt to keep such information confidential and secure, we may be unable to do so in all events, especially with clients, vendors, service providers, counterparties and other third parties who may not have or use appropriate controls to protect personal, confidential or proprietary information. Failure to secure or appropriately handle personal, confidential or proprietary information could cause a loss of data or compromised data integrity, give rise to remediation or other expenses, expose us to liability under U.S. and international laws and regulations, and subject us to litigation, investigations, sanctions, and regulatory and law enforcement action, and result in reputational harm and loss of business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Furthermore, certain of our businesses are subject to compliance with laws and regulations enacted by U.S. federal and state governments, the EU or other jurisdictions or enacted by various regulatory organizations or exchanges relating to the privacy and security of the information of clients, employees or others. The variety of applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations exposes us to heightened regulatory scrutiny, requires us to incur significant technical, legal and other expenses in an effort to ensure and maintain compliance and will continue to impact our business in the future by increasing legal, operational and compliance costs. While we have taken steps to comply with privacy and information security laws, we cannot guarantee that our efforts will meet the evolving standards imposed by data protection authorities. If we are found not to be in compliance with these privacy and security laws and regulations, we may be subject to additional potential private consumer, business partner or securities litigation, regulatory inquiries, and governmental investigations and proceedings, and we may incur damage to our reputation. Any such developments may subject us to material fines and other monetary penalties and damages, divert management s time and attention, and lead to enhanced regulatory oversight, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. Additionally, we expect that developments in privacy and cybersecurity worldwide will increase the financial and reputational implications following a significant breach of our or our third-party suppliers information technology systems. For additional information on data protection and cybersecurity regulations, see Item 1. Business Regulation Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity, and Part II, Item 7. MD A Enterprise Risk Management Operational Risk Management Cybersecurity Risk. 
 
 30 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Third parties we rely upon to provide certain business and administrative services on our behalf may not perform as anticipated, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. We rely on the use of third-party providers to deliver contracted services in a broad range of areas, including administration of servicing of certain policies and contracts and investment assets, investment accounting, information technology and operational functions, finance and actuarial services, claims administration, human resources and information technology services related to infrastructure, application development and maintenance. In addition, we have engaged with BlackRock for use of its investment management and risk analytics technology, Aladdin. The implementation of Aladdin is comprised of multiple workstreams that are complex and require significant time and resource prioritization. While we have achieved key milestones in the implementation of the technology, there could be delays due to lack of sufficient resources to execute on a timely basis, inefficiencies stemming from changes that may be required to the program or sequencing, failure to meet operational and financial targets due to additional priorities or other factors. These risks may impair our ability to achieve anticipated improvements in our businesses or may otherwise harm our operations which could materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and operations. 
 Further, we have engaged Blackstone and BlackRock to serve as our investment managers for certain asset classes. For information regarding our reliance on Blackstone and BlackRock as a third-party asset managers, see Investment Portfolio and Concentration of Investments We rely on investment management and advisory arrangements with third-party investment managers for the majority of our investment portfolio. The historical performance of Blackstone, BlackRock or any other asset manager we engage should not be considered as indicative of the future results of our investment portfolio, our future results or any returns expected on AIG Common Stock above. 
 Some of the third-party providers we use are located outside the U.S., which exposes us to business disruptions and political risks inherent to conducting business outside of the U.S. We periodically negotiate provisions and renewals of these relationships, and there can be no assurance that such terms will remain acceptable to us, such third parties or regulators. If such third-party providers experience disruptions, fail to meet applicable licensure requirements, do not perform as anticipated or in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, terminate or fail to renew our relationships, or such third-party providers in turn rely on services from another third-party provider, who experiences such disruptions, licensure failures, nonperformance or noncompliance, termination or non-renewal of its contractual relationships, we may experience operational difficulties, an inability to meet obligations (including, but not limited to, contractual, legal, regulatory or policyholder obligations), a loss of business, increased costs or reputational harm, compromises to our data integrity, or suffer other negative consequences, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Third parties performing regulated activities on our behalf, such as sales and servicing of insurance products, pose a heightened risk as we may be held accountable for third-party conduct that is not in compliance with applicable law. 
 For information regarding cyber risk arising from third-party providers, see Business and Operations We are exposed to certain risks if we are unable to maintain the availability of our critical technology systems and data and safeguard the confidentiality and integrity of our data, which could compromise our ability to conduct business and adversely affect our consolidated business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity above. 
 We may experience difficulty in marketing and distributing products through our current and future distribution channels and the use of third parties may result in additional liabilities. Although we distribute our products through a wide variety of distribution channels, we maintain relationships with a number of key distributors, which results in certain distributor concentration. Distributors have in the past, and may in the future, elect to renegotiate the terms of existing relationships, such that those terms may not remain attractive or acceptable to us, limit the products they sell, including the types of products offered by us, or otherwise reduce or terminate their distribution relationships with us, with or without cause. This could be due to various reasons, such as industry consolidation of distributors or other industry changes that increase the competition for access to distributors, developments in laws or regulations that affect our business or industry, including the marketing and sale of our products and services, adverse developments in our business, the distribution of products with features that do not meet minimum thresholds set by the distributor, strategic decisions that impact our business, adverse rating agency actions or concerns about market-related risks. 
 Alternatively, renegotiated terms may not be attractive or acceptable to distributors, or we may terminate one or more distribution agreements due to, for example, a loss of confidence in, or a change in control of, one of the third-party distributors. An interruption or reduction in certain key relationships could materially affect our ability to market our products and could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 
 Key distribution partners could merge, consolidate, change their business models in ways that affect how our products are sold, or terminate their distribution contracts with us, or new distribution channels could emerge and adversely impact the effectiveness of our distribution efforts. An increase in bank, wirehouse and broker-dealer consolidation activity could increase competition for access to distributors, result in greater distribution expenses and impair our ability to market certain of our products through these channels. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Also, if we are unsuccessful in attracting, retaining and training key distribution partners, or are unable to maintain our distribution relationships, our sales could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. In addition, substantially all of our distributors are permitted to sell our competitors products. If our competitors offer products that are more attractive than ours or pay higher commission rates to the distribution partners than we do or for other reasons outside of our control, these distribution partners could concentrate their efforts in selling our competitors products instead of ours. 
 In addition, we can, in certain circumstances, be held responsible for the actions of our third-party distributors, including broker-dealers, registered representatives, insurance agents and agencies, marketing organizations, and their respective employees, agents and representatives, in connection with the marketing and sale of our products by such parties, including the security of their operations and their handling of confidential information and personal data, in a manner that is deemed not compliant with applicable laws and regulations. This is particularly acute with respect to unaffiliated distributors where we may not be able to directly monitor or control the manner in which our products are sold through third-party firms despite our training and compliance programs. Further, misconduct by employees, agents and representatives of our broker-dealer subsidiaries in the sale of our products could also result in violations of laws by us or our subsidiaries, regulatory sanctions and serious reputational or financial harm to us. The precautions we take to prevent and detect the foregoing activities may not be effective. If our products are distributed to customers for whom they are unsuitable or distributed in a manner alleged to be inappropriate, or third-party distributors experience a security or data breach due to deficient operational controls, we could suffer reputational and/or other financial harm to our business. 
 For information regarding suitability standards, see Item 1. Business Regulation Regulatory Regimes United States. 
 Failure to effectively execute on AIG 200 could have a material effect on our operations or financial condition. In 2019, we announced AIG 200, our global, multi-year and enterprise-wide program involving transformational change across the Company. AIG 200 is comprised of ten operational programs mapped against four core objectives that are complex and require significant investment and resource prioritization. While we have already reached our exit run-rate savings goal associated with the program, we still may not fully achieve some or all of the expected benefits from these operational programs. In addition, there could be delays in execution across the programs, particularly with respect to implementation of technology platforms, lack of sufficient resources to execute on a timely basis, inefficiencies stemming from changes that may be required to programs or sequencing, failure to meet operational and financial targets due to additional priorities or other factors, and the inability to secure regulatory approvals, if and when needed. These risks may impair our ability to achieve anticipated improvements in our businesses or may otherwise harm our operations which could materially and adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and cash flow. 
 Business or asset acquisitions and dispositions may expose us to certain risks. The completion of any business or asset acquisition or disposition is subject to certain risks, including those relating to the receipt of required regulatory approvals, the terms and conditions of regulatory approvals including any financial accommodations required by regulators, our ability to satisfy such terms, conditions and accommodations, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination of a transaction and the risk that parties may not be willing or able to satisfy the conditions to a transaction. As a result, there can be no assurance that any business or asset acquisition or disposition will be completed as contemplated, or at all, or regarding the expected timing of the completion of the acquisition or disposition. For example, there can be no certainty as to the sale of our remaining stake in Corebridge nor the timing, pricing or terms thereof. 
 Once we complete acquisitions or dispositions, there can be no assurance that we will realize the anticipated economic, strategic or other benefits of any transaction. For example, the integration of businesses we acquire may not be as successful as we anticipate or there may be undisclosed risks present in such businesses. Acquisitions involve a number of risks, including operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, compliance and tax risks. Difficulties integrating an acquired business may result in the acquired business performing differently than we expected (including through the loss of customers) or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. Our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. Risks resulting from future acquisitions may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In connection with a business or asset disposition, we may also hold a concentrated position in securities of the acquirer as part of the consideration, which subjects us to risks related to the price of equity securities and our ability to monetize such securities. We have also provided and may provide financial guarantees and indemnities in connection with the businesses we have sold or may sell, as described in greater detail in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. While we do not currently believe that claims under these indemnities will be material, it is possible that significant indemnity claims could be made against us. If such a claim or claims were successful, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and liquidity. 
 For additional information regarding the risks associated with AIG s separation of its Life and Retirement business, see Business and Operations No assurances can be given that the separation of our Life and Retirement business will be completed or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. In addition, we may not achieve the expected benefits of the separation and will have continuing equity market exposure to Corebridge until we fully divest our stake above. 
 
 32 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Significant legal or regulatory proceedings may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. In the normal course of business, we face significant risk from regulatory and governmental investigations and civil actions, litigation and other forms of dispute resolution in various domestic and foreign jurisdictions. In our insurance and reinsurance operations, we frequently engage in litigation and arbitration concerning the scope of coverage under insurance and reinsurance contracts, and face litigation and arbitration in which our subsidiaries defend or indemnify their insureds under insurance and reinsurance contracts. 
 Additionally, from time to time, various regulatory and governmental agencies review the transactions and practices of AIG and our subsidiaries in connection with industry-wide and other inquiries into, among other matters, the business practices of current and former operating insurance subsidiaries. Such investigations, inquiries or examinations have and could develop into administrative, civil or criminal proceedings or enforcement actions, in which remedies could include fines, penalties, restitution or alterations in our business practices, and could result in additional expenses, limitations on certain business activities and reputational damage. 
 AIG, our subsidiaries and their respective officers and directors are also subject to, or may become subject to, a variety of additional types of legal disputes brought by holders of AIG securities, customers, employees and others, alleging, among other things, breach of contractual or fiduciary duties, bad faith, indemnification and violations of federal and state statutes and regulations. Certain of these matters may also involve potentially significant risk of loss due to the possibility of significant jury awards and settlements, punitive damages or other penalties. Many of these matters are also highly complex and seek recovery on behalf of a class or similarly large number of plaintiffs. It is therefore inherently difficult to predict the size or scope of potential future losses arising from them, and developments in these matters could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition or consolidated results of operations 
 For information regarding certain legal proceedings, see Notes 15 and 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 I ncreasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators, policymakers and other stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance matters may adversely affect our reputation or otherwise adversely impact our business and results of operations. There is increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators, policymakers and other stakeholders on ESG practices and disclosures, including those related to environmental stewardship, climate change, diversity, equity and inclusion, racial justice and workplace conduct. These standards and expectations may also, as a whole, reflect contrasting or conflicting values or agendas. Regulators have imposed and likely will continue to impose ESG- related rules and guidance, which may conflict with one another and impose additional costs on us or expose us to new or additional risks. Moreover, certain organizations that provide information to investors have developed ratings for evaluating companies on their approach to different ESG matters, and unfavorable ratings of our company or our industries may lead to negative investor sentiment and the diversion of investment to other companies or industries. In 2022, we committed to reaching net zero greenhouse gas emissions across our underwriting and investments portfolios by 2050, or sooner. If we are unable to meet targets, standards, or expectations, whether established by us or third parties, it could result in adverse publicity, reputational harm, or loss of customer and/or investor confidence, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 For information on the effects of climate change on our business, see Reserves and Exposures Climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition above. 
 COVID-19 has adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 While the impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic are still evolving, it has caused significant societal disruption and has had adverse economic impacts on our business, such as volatility in the capital markets, disruptions in the labor market, supply chain disruption, mortality increases as compared to pricing expectations and most recently, an inflationary environment. We cannot estimate the full extent to which the pandemic may continue to cause or exacerbate certain risks to our global business, including those discussed herein. 
 Within our investment portfolio, there is exposure to certain segments of the economy, including real estate and real estate-related investments, which exposes us to negative impacts from the deferral of mortgage payments, renegotiated commercial mortgage loans or outright mortgage defaults and potential acceleration of macro trends such as work from home and online shopping, which may negatively impact certain industries, such as brick-and-mortar retail. Moreover, market volatility due to COVID-19 has created and may continue to create dislocations, decreases or variations in observable market activity or availability of information used in the valuation of our assets and liabilities, which could negatively impair the estimates and assumptions used to run our businesses or result in greater variability and subjectivity in our investment decisions. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 Our insurance businesses have and may continue to experience increased claim volume. Beginning in March 2020 and continuing through 2022, we experienced an increase in mortality claims as compared to our historical pricing assumptions, which may continue until the COVID-19 pandemic subsides in its entirety, and decreased demand for certain of our insurance product lines. In addition, COVID-19 adversely affected our premiums and deposits in some of our insurance lines, including our Life and Retirement products. Further, our policies with premium adjustment features tied to exposure levels, as is the case in certain specialty and casualty lines, may be triggered, resulting in premium reductions. We may also incur higher expenses in our insurance businesses and higher legal costs as a result of coverage disputes, including class actions and other proceedings that have been or may in the future be filed against us, our insureds, or others, seeking coverage for COVID 19-related losses or alleging bad-faith denials of coverage for such losses. 
 Due to the scope, severity and extended duration of the pandemic, reinsurance has been and may be more difficult or costly to obtain in general or for certain types of coverage going forward. In addition, reinsurance terms and conditions may change whereby the coverage provided may not be the same or similar to the reinsurance terms and conditions currently available in the reinsurance market. 
 Certain pre-existing operational risks have been and may continue to be exacerbated, notably with respect to potential phishing or other cybersecurity-related events and our increased reliance on technology, including technology of our employees and service providers. Other pre-existing operational risks, such as privacy incidents, fraud, operational resilience and risks related to the operations and resiliency of our vendors, third-party providers and other counterparties, may also be exacerbated. In addition, remote or hybrid work may negatively impact our culture and employees morale, which could result in greater turnover, lower productivity and greater operational risks. 
 Due to the evolving and disruptive nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, we could experience other potential impacts, including, but not limited to, potential impairment charges to the carrying amounts of goodwill, deferred tax assets, increased reserves to levels that are difficult to accurately estimate and increased morbidity and mortality expectations from longer term consequences of COVID-19 infections. Further, new and potentially unforeseen risks beyond those described above and in other risk factors herein may arise as a result of the pandemic and the actions taken by governmental and regulatory authorities to mitigate its impact. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims. Effective intellectual property rights protection, including in the form of contractual rights, copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, may be unavailable, limited, or subject to change in some countries where we do or plan to do business. Third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property. We have, and may in the future, litigate to protect our intellectual property. Any such litigation may be costly and may not be successful. Additionally, third parties may have patents or other protections that could be infringed by our products, methods, processes or services or which could limit our ability to offer certain product features. Consequently, we may also be subject to costly litigation in the event that another party alleges that we infringe upon their intellectual property rights. Any such intellectual property litigation could prove to be both costly and unsuccessful result in significant expense, damages, and in some circumstances we could be enjoined from providing certain products or services to our customers. Alternatively, we could be required to enter into costly licensing arrangements with third parties to resolve infringement or contractual disputes. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce the protection of our intellectual property assets could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business and our ability to compete. 
 EMPLOYEES AND COMPETITION 
 Employee error and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and may result in reputational damage and significant losses. There have been a number of cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees in recent years and we are exposed to the risk that employee fraud or misconduct could occur. Our informational technology, human resources and compliance departments work collaboratively to monitor for fraud and conduct extensive training for employees. However, employee fraud or misconduct may still occur. Instances of fraud, illegal acts, errors, failure to document transactions properly or to obtain proper internal authorization, misuse of customer or proprietary/confidential information, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements or our internal policies may result in losses and/or reputational damage. 
 Competition for employees in our industry is intense, and managing key employee succession is critical to our success. We may not be able to retain and attract key employees and other highly skilled employees we need to support our businesses. Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain and attract key and other highly skilled employees. Due to the intense competition in our industry for key employees, we may be unable to retain or hire such employees. In addition, we may experience higher than expected employee turnover and difficulty attracting new employees as a result of uncertainty from strategic actions and organizational and operational changes. Losing any of our key employees also could have a material adverse effect on our operations given their skills, knowledge of our business, years of industry experience and the potential difficulty of promptly finding qualified replacements. Our business and consolidated results of operations could be materially adversely affected if we are unsuccessful in retaining and attracting key employees. 
 34 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 In addition, we would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for the succession of our Chief Executive Officer, other members of senior management and other key employees. While we have succession plans and long-term compensation plans designed to retain our employees, our succession plans may not operate effectively and our compensation plans cannot guarantee that the services of these employees will continue to be available to us. 
 We face intense competition in each of our business lines, and technological changes may present new and intensified challenges to our businesses. Our businesses operate in highly competitive environments, both domestically and overseas. Our principal competitors are other large multinational insurance organizations, as well as banks, investment banks and other nonbank financial institutions. 
 General Insurance and Life and Retirement compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria, product pricing, and terms and conditions. Reductions of our credit ratings or IFS ratings or negative publicity may make it more difficult to compete to retain existing customers and to maintain our historical levels of business with existing customers, counterparties and distribution relationships. A decline in our position as to any one or more of these factors could adversely affect our profitability. 
 Technological advancements and innovation in the insurance industry, including those related to evolving customer preferences, the digitization of insurance products and services, acceleration of automated underwriting, and electronic processes present competitive risks. Technological advancements and innovation are occurring in distribution, underwriting, recordkeeping, advisory, claims and operations at a rapid pace, and that pace may increase, particularly as companies increasingly use data analytics and technology as part of their business strategy. Additional costs may also be incurred in order to implement changes to automate procedures critical to our distribution channels in order to increase flexibility of access to our services and products. While we seek opportunities to leverage technological advancements and innovation for our customers benefit, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if external technological advancements or innovation, or the regulation of technological advancements or innovation, limit our ability to retain existing business, write new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, render our insurance products less suitable or impact our ability to adapt or deploy current products as quickly and effectively as our competitors. 
 REGULATION 
 Our businesses are heavily regulated and changes in laws and regulations may affect our operations, increase our insurance subsidiary capital requirements or reduce our profitability . Our operations generally, and our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries in particular, are subject to extensive and potentially conflicting laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Our business and financial condition are also subject to supervision and regulation by authorities in the various jurisdictions in which we do business. Federal, state and foreign regulators also periodically review and investigate our insurance and reinsurance businesses, including AIG-specific and industry-wide practices. The primary purpose of insurance regulation is the protection of our insurance and reinsurance contract holders. The extent of regulation on our insurance and reinsurance business varies across the jurisdictions in which we operate, but generally is governed by laws that delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to insurance departments and similar regulatory agencies. The laws and regulations that apply to our business and operations generally grant regulatory agencies and/or self-regulatory organizations broad rulemaking and enforcement powers, including the power to regulate the issuance, sale and distribution of our products, the manner in which we underwrite our policies, the delivery of our services, the nature or extent of disclosures that we give our customers, the compensation of our distribution partners, the manner in which we handle claims on our policies and the administration of our policies and contracts, as well as the power to limit or restrict our business for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Our Life and Retirement companies and their distributors are also subject to laws and regulations governing the standard of care applicable to sales of our products, the provision of advice to our customers and the manner in which certain conflicts of interest arising from or related to such sales or giving of advice are to be addressed. In addition, federal and state securities laws and regulations apply to certain of our insurance products that are considered securities under such laws, including our variable annuity contracts, variable life insurance policies and the separate accounts that issue them, as well as our broker-dealer, investment advisor and mutual fund operations. 
 We strive to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our businesses, operations and legal entities, including maintenance of all required licenses and approvals. The application of and compliance with such laws and regulations may be subject to interpretation, evolving industry practices and regulatory expectations that could result in increased compliance costs. The relevant authorities may not agree with our interpretation of these laws and regulations, including, for example, our implementation of new or revised requirements related to capital, accounting treatment or reserving such as those governing PBR, or with our policies and procedures adopted to address evolving industry practices or meet regulatory expectations. Such authorities interpretations and views may also change from time to time. It is also possible that the laws, regulations and interpretations across various jurisdictions in which we do business may conflict with one another and affect how we do business in the United States and globally. If we are found not to have complied with applicable legal or regulatory requirements, these authorities could preclude or temporarily suspend us from carrying on some or all of our activities, impose substantial administrative penalties such as fines or require corrective actions, which individually or in the aggregate could interrupt our operations and materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, when such authorities interpretation of new or revised requirements related to capital, accounting 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 treatment and/or valuation manual or reserving (such as PBR) materially differs from ours, we have incurred or may incur higher operating costs, or sales of products subject to such requirements or treatment may be affected. 
 Regulators in jurisdictions in which we do business have adopted RBC, solvency and liquidity standards applicable to insurers and reinsurers operating in their jurisdiction. Failure to comply with such capital (including, in the U.S., RBC), solvency, liquidity and similar requirements, or as otherwise may be agreed by us or one of our insurance company subsidiaries with an insurance regulator, would generally permit the insurance regulator to take certain regulatory actions that could materially impact the affected company s operations. Those actions range from requiring an insurer to submit a plan describing how it would regain a specified RBC or solvency ratio to a mandatory regulatory takeover of the company. The NAIC recently adopted, and the IAIS is developing and testing, methodologies for assessing group-wide regulatory capital, which might evolve into more formal group-wide capital requirements on certain insurance companies and/or their holding companies that may augment state-law RBC standards, and similar international standards, that apply at the legal entity level, and such capital calculations may be made, in whole or in part, on bases other than the statutory statements of our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries. Furthermore, efforts to address systemic risks within the financial services industry, including insurance services, may lead regulators to apply new or heightened standards and safeguards for activities or practices that we and other insurers or other nonbank financial services companies, including insurers, engage in. In addition to the regulation of specific activities, the Financial Stability Oversight Council continues to have authority under Dodd-Frank to determine that certain nonbank financial companies be designated as nonbank SIFIs subject to supervision by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and enhanced prudential standards. We cannot predict the effect that any such initiatives or heightened standards may have on our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 We also cannot predict the impact that laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions may have on the financial markets generally or our businesses, results of operations or cash flows. It is possible such laws and regulations, and our satisfaction of the relevant criteria and standard-setting initiatives by the FSB and the IAIS, including, but not limited to, the IAIS Common Framework for the Supervision of IAIGs, a holistic framework for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk and the development and refinement of a risk-based global ICS, Solvency II and European Data Protection Board Cross Border Data Transfer in the EU, may significantly alter our business practices. For example, regulators have imposed and may continue to impose new requirements or issue new guidance aimed at addressing or mitigating climate change-related risks. They may also limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and impose burdensome requirements and additional costs. It is also possible that the laws and regulations adopted in foreign jurisdictions will differ from one another, and that they could be inconsistent with the laws and regulations of other jurisdictions in which we operate, including the United States. 
 For additional information on our regulatory environment, see Item 1. Business Regulation. 
 For information regarding the effects of regulations related to climate change on our business, see Reserves and Exposures Climate change may adversely affect our business and financial condition above. 
 For information regarding the regulatory response to the COVID-19 pandemic, see Business and Operations COVID-19 has affected and may continue to adversely affect our global business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and its ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted above. 
 New laws and regulations or new interpretations of current laws and regulations, both domestically and internationally, may affect our businesses, results of operations, financial condition and ability to compete effectively. Legislators, regulators and self-regulatory organizations have in the past, and may in the future, periodically consider various proposals that may affect or restrict, among other things, our business practices, product designs and distribution relationships, how we market, sell or service certain products we offer, our capital, reserving and accounting requirements, or the profitability of certain of our businesses. 
 Further, new laws and regulations may affect or significantly limit our ability to conduct certain businesses at all, including proposals relating to restrictions on the type of activities in which financial institutions are permitted to engage. These proposals or changes in legislation or regulation could also impose additional taxes on a limited subset of financial institutions and insurance companies (either based on size, activities, geography or other criteria), limit our ability to engage in capital or liability management, require us to raise additional capital, and impose burdensome requirements and additional costs. It is uncertain whether and how these and other such proposals or changes in legislation or regulation would apply to us, those who sell or service our products, or our competitors or how they could impact our ability to compete effectively, as well as our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 
 An ownership change could limit our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income. As of December 31, 2022, on a U.S. GAAP basis, AIG Parent had U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately 24.8 billion and 22 million in foreign tax credits. Our ability to use these tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if we experience an ownership change as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code. In general, an ownership change will occur when the percentage of AIG Parent's ownership (measured by value) by one or more 5-percent shareholders (as defined in the Internal Revenue Code) has increased by more than 50 percentage points over the lowest percentage owned by such shareholders at any time during the prior three years (calculated on a rolling basis). An entity that experiences an ownership change generally will be subject to an annual limitation on its utilization of pre-ownership change tax loss 
 36 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 and credit carryforwards equal to the equity value of the corporation immediately before the ownership change, multiplied by the long-term, tax-exempt rate posted monthly by the IRS (AFR) (subject to certain adjustments). The annual limitation would be increased each year to the extent that there is an unused limitation in a prior year. The limitation on our ability to utilize tax loss and credit carryforwards arising from an ownership change under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code would be dependent on the value of our equity and the AFR at the time of any ownership change. If we were to experience an ownership change, it is possible that a significant portion of our tax loss and credit carryforwards could expire before we would be able to use them to offset future taxable income. 
 AIG s previous Tax Asset Protection Plan (the TAP Plan), which was designed to reduce the likelihood of an ownership change, was not extended and thus expired in accordance with its terms on December 11, 2022. The protective amendment (the Protective Amendment) to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, which is designed to prevent certain transfers of AIG Common Stock that could result in an ownership change, will expire in accordance with its terms on May 13, 2023. If AIG were to experience an ownership change, it will no longer have the benefit of the TAP Plan or the Protective Amendment after their respective expiration dates, which would limit its ability to utilize its then remaining tax attributes to offset future tax liability. 
 New and proposed changes to tax laws could increase our corporate taxes or make some of our products less attractive to consumers. The recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act (the IRA), which establishes a new 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on adjusted book income (of corporations that have an average adjusted book income in excess of 1 billion over a three tax year period) for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022 may impact AIG s after-tax earnings or cash flow. AIG may be required to pay tax equal to 15 of AIG s pre-tax financial statement income, as adjusted by the IRA, despite AIG s U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits. 
 The IRA also includes a nondeductible 1 excise tax on the repurchase of corporate stock for transactions occurring in taxable years after December 31, 2022. The 1 excise tax on share repurchases would increase AIG s cost of share repurchases. 
 The current U.S. administration and Congressional leadership have proposed additional changes to the U.S. corporate and international tax systems, as well as increasing the taxation of U.S. individuals, including capital gains taxation. An increase in the statutory U.S. federal corporate income tax rate will negatively impact AIG s future after-tax earnings. The administration and Congressional leadership have also proposed changes to complex provisions in the U.S. international tax system, including the base erosion and anti-abuse tax (BEAT) and global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI). These changes could impact AIG s after-tax earnings or cash flow. Furthermore, there is the possibility of further regulatory guidance on certain aspects of the BEAT and GILTI, which could impact the amounts recorded with respect to these international provisions, possibly materially. In addition to changing the taxation of corporations in general, there are proposals for increases in tax rates for individuals, capital gains, and changes to the estate tax. These changes could impact demand in the U.S. for life insurance and annuity contracts. 
 New tax laws outside the U.S., in particular those enacted in response to proposals by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, could make substantive changes to the global international tax regime. Such changes could increase our global tax costs. AIG continues to monitor and assess the impact of such proposals. 
 Finally, it is possible that tax laws will be further changed either in a technical corrections bill or entirely new legislation. It remains difficult to predict whether or when there will be any tax law changes or further guidance by the authorities in the U.S. or elsewhere in the world. New or proposed changes to tax laws may have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, as the impact of proposals on our business can vary substantially depending upon the specific changes or further guidance made and how the changes or guidance are implemented by the authorities. 
 For additional information, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Consolidated Results of Operations U.S. Tax Law Changes. 
 ESTIMATES AND ASSUMPTIONS 
 Estimates or assumptions used in the preparation of financial statements and modeled results used in various areas of our business may differ materially from actual experience. Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP), which requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. The accounting policies that we consider most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, and therefore may be viewed as critical accounting estimates, are described in Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates. These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. These estimates are based on judgment, current facts and circumstances, and, when applicable, internally developed models. Therefore, actual results may differ from these estimates, possibly in the near term, and could have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 In addition, we employ models to price products, calculate reserves and future policy benefits and value assets and execute hedging strategies, as well as to assess risk and determine statutory capital requirements, among other uses. These models are complex and rely on estimates and projections that are inherently uncertain, may use incomplete, outdated or incorrect data or assumptions and may not operate as intended. To the extent that any of our operating practices and procedures do not accurately produce, or reproduce, data that we use to conduct any or all aspects of our business, such differences may negatively impact our business, 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1A | Risk Factors 

 reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. For example, modeling for man-made catastrophes, such as terrorism and cyber events, is especially difficult and less reliable given such models are in the early stages of development and therefore, not widely adopted or available. For our Life and Retirement companies, significant changes in policyholder behavior assumptions such as lapses, surrenders and withdrawal rates as well as the amount of withdrawals, fund performance, equity market returns and volatility, interest rate levels, the health habits of the insured population, technologies and treatments for disease or disability, the economic environment, or other factors could negatively impact our assumptions and estimates. To the extent that any of our modeling practices do not accurately produce, or reproduce, data that we use to conduct any or all aspects of our business, such errors may negatively impact our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements will impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition. Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which are periodically revised. Accordingly, from time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB). 
 The FASB has revised the accounting standards for certain long-duration insurance contracts. The FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2018-12 Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts, which became effective as of January 1, 2023 and significantly changes the accounting measurements and disclosures for long-duration insurance contracts, which primarily relates to our life and annuity products as well as certain accident and health products, among others. The implementation of these changes has imposed and will continue to impose special demands on us in the areas of governance, employee training, internal controls and disclosure and affect how we manage our business, all of which will impact our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. In addition, implementation of the changes could impact our products, in-force management and asset liability management strategies and have other implications on operations and technology. 
 The adoption of this newly issued standard will, and other future accounting standards may, impact our reported consolidated results of operations, liquidity and reported financial condition and may cause investors to perceive greater volatility in our financial results, negatively impacting our level of investor interest and investment. 
 For information regarding the impact of accounting pronouncements that have been issued but are not yet required to be implemented, see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 If our businesses do not perform well and/or their estimated fair values decline, we may be required to recognize an impairment of our goodwill or establish an additional valuation allowance against the deferred income tax assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Goodwill represents the excess of the amounts we paid to acquire subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their net assets at the date of acquisition. We test goodwill at least annually for impairment and conduct interim qualitative assessments on a periodic basis. Impairment testing is performed based upon estimates of the fair value of the reporting unit to which the goodwill relates. In 2022, for substantially all of the reporting units we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment of whether goodwill impairment may exist and, therefore, performed quantitative assessments that supported a conclusion that the fair value of all of the reporting units tested exceeded their book value. Our goodwill balance was 3.9 billion at December 31, 2022. If it is determined that goodwill has been impaired, we must write down goodwill by the amount of the impairment, with a corresponding charge to net income (loss). These write-downs could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. For additional information on goodwill impairment, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Goodwill Impairment and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Deferred income tax represents the tax effect of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. As of December 31, 2022, we had net deferred tax assets, after valuation allowance, of 14.8 billion, related to federal, foreign, and state and local jurisdictions. If, based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized, then a valuation allowance must be established with a corresponding charge to net income, which such action we have taken from time to time. Such charges could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. For additional information on deferred tax assets, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Critical Accounting Estimates Income Taxes and Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 38 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 1B | Unresolved Staff Comments 

ITEM 1B | Unresolved Staff Comments 
 There are no unresolved written comments that were received from the SEC staff 180 days or more before the end of our fiscal year relating to periodic or current reports under the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 2 | Properties 
 We lease our corporate headquarters located at 1271 Avenue of the Americas, New York, New York. We operate from approximately 130 offices in the United States and approximately 250 offices in approximately 40 foreign countries. We own 12 office buildings in the United States. 
 Our General Insurance companies own offices in 10 foreign countries including Bermuda, Ecuador, Japan, Mexico, the UK and Venezuela. The remainder of the office space we use is leased. We believe that our leases and properties are sufficient for our current purposes. 
 LOCATIONS OF CERTAIN ASSETS 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 8 percent of our consolidated assets were located outside the U.S. and Canada. 
 For additional information on geographic locations, see Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

ITEM 3 | Legal Proceedings 
 For a discussion of legal proceedings, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 4 | Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 5 | Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Part II 

ITEM 5 | Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 AIG s common stock, par value 2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG). There were approximately 19,509 stockholders of record of AIG Common Stock as of February 10, 2023. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 Our table of equity compensation plans will be included in the definitive proxy statement for AIG s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. The definitive proxy statement will be filed with the SEC no later than 120 days after the end of AIG s fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table provides information about purchases made by or on behalf of AIG or any affiliated purchaser (as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act)) of AIG Common Stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) October 1-31 4,698,357 51.97 4,698,357 4,329 November 1-30 3,793,917 60.21 3,793,917 4,101 December 1-31 4,896,176 62.59 4,896,176 3,794 Total 13,388,450 58.19 13,388,450 3,794 
 On May 3, 2022, the Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of 6.5 billion of AIG Common Stock (inclusive of the approximately 1.5 billion of expected remaining authorization upon expiration of the then-current 10b5-1 Plan as of May 20, 2022). As of December 31, 2022, approximately 3.8 billion remained under the authorization. 
 For additional information on our share purchases, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 40 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 5 | Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Common Stock Performance Graph 
 The following Performance Graph compares the cumulative total shareholder return on AIG Common Stock for a five-year period (December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022) with the cumulative total return of the S P s 500 stock index (which includes AIG), the S P Property and Casualty Insurance Index and the S P Life and Health Insurance Index. 
 Value of 100 Invested on December 31, 2017 
 (All as of December 31st) 
 
 Dividend reinvestment has been assumed and returns have been weighted to reflect relative stock market capitalization. 
 As of December 31, 
 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 AIG 100.00 67.91 90.72 69.62 107.16 121.89 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.88 S P 500 Property Casualty Insurance Index 100.00 95.31 119.97 128.31 153.05 181.93 S P 500 Life Health Insurance 100.00 79.23 97.60 88.35 120.76 133.25 

ITEM 6 | [Reserved] 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 41 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ITEM 7 | Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and other publicly available documents may include, and members of AIG management may from time to time make and discuss, statements which, to the extent they are not statements of historical or present fact, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward looking statements are intended to provide management s current expectations or plans for AIG s future operating and financial performance, based on assumptions currently believed to be valid and accurate. Forward-looking statements are often preceded by, followed by or include words such as will, believe, anticipate, expect, expectations, intend, plan, strategy, prospects, project, anticipate, should, guidance, outlook, confident, focused on achieving, view, target, goal, estimate, and other words of similar meaning in connection with a discussion of future operating or financial performance. These statements may include, among other things, projections, goals and assumptions that relate to future actions, prospective services or products, future performance or results of current and anticipated services or products, sales efforts, expense reduction efforts, the outcome of contingencies such as legal proceedings, anticipated organizational, business or regulatory changes, such as the separation of the Life and Retirement business from AIG, the effect of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made, and macroeconomic and/or geopolitical events, anticipated dispositions, monetization and/or acquisitions of businesses or assets, the successful integration of acquired businesses, management succession and retention plans, exposure to risk, trends in operations and financial results, and other statements that are not historical facts. 
 
 42 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause AIG s actual results and financial condition to differ, possibly materially, from the results and financial condition expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause AIG s actual results to differ, possibly materially, from those in specific projections, goals, assumptions and forward-looking statements include, without limitation: 
 the effects of economic conditions in the markets in which AIG and its businesses operate in the U.S. and globally and any changes therein, including financial market conditions, macroeconomic trends, fluctuations in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, inflationary pressures and an economic slowdown or recession, each of which may also be affected by geopolitical events or conflicts, including the conflict between Russia and Ukraine; 
 the occurrence of catastrophic events, both natural and man-made, including geopolitical events and conflicts, civil unrest and the effects of climate change; 
 availability of adequate reinsurance or access to reinsurance on acceptable terms; 
 disruptions in the availability of AIG's or a third party s information technology infrastructure, including hardware and software, resulting from cyberattacks, data security breaches, or infrastructure vulnerabilities; 
 AIG's ability to realize expected strategic, financial, operational or other benefits from the separation of Corebridge Financial, Inc. (Corebridge) as well as AIG s equity market exposure to Corebridge; 
 concentrations of AIG s insurance, reinsurance and other risk exposures; 
 concentrations in AIG s investment portfolios; 
 AIG s reliance on third-party investment managers; 
 changes in the valuation of AIG s investments; 
 AIG s reliance on third parties to provide certain business and administrative services; 
 nonperformance or defaults by counterparties, including Fortitude Reinsurance Company Ltd. (Fortitude Re); 
 changes in judgments concerning potential cost-saving opportunities; 
 AIG's ability to effectively implement changes under AIG 200, including the ability to realize cost savings; 
 AIG's ability to adequately assess risk and estimate related losses as well as the effectiveness of AIG s enterprise risk management policies and procedures, including with respect to business continuity and disaster recovery plans; 

difficulty in marketing and distributing products through current and future distribution channels; 
 the effectiveness of strategies to retain and recruit key personnel and to implement effective succession plans; 
 actions by rating agencies with respect to AIG s credit and financial strength ratings as well as those of its businesses and subsidiaries; 
 changes to sources of or access to liquidity; 
 changes in judgments concerning the recognition of deferred tax assets and the impairment of goodwill; 
 changes in judgments or assumptions concerning insurance underwriting and insurance liabilities; 
 changes in accounting principles and financial reporting requirements; 
 AIG s ability to successfully dispose of, monetize and/or acquire businesses or assets or successfully integrate acquired businesses; 
 the effects of sanctions, including those related to the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the failure to comply with those sanctions; 
 the effects of changes in laws and regulations, including those relating to the regulation of insurance, in the U.S. and other countries in which AIG and its businesses operate; 
 changes to tax laws in the U.S. and other countries in which AIG and its businesses operate; 
 the outcome of significant legal, regulatory or governmental proceedings; 
 the impact of COVID-19 and its variants or other pandemics and responses thereto; 
 AIG s ability to effectively execute on environmental, social and governance targets and standards; and 
 such other factors discussed in: 
 Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report; and 
 this Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD A) of this Annual Report. 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report, or in the case of any document incorporated by reference, the date of that document. We are not under any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. Additional information as to factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements is disclosed from time to time in other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 43 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 INDEX TO ITEM 7 
 Page Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 45 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 47 
 Executive Summary 
 60 
 Overview 
 60 
 AIG 's Outlook Industry and Economic Factors 
 61 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 64 
 Business Segment Operations 
 68 
 General Insurance 
 69 
 Life and Retirement 
 75 
 Other Operations 
 85 
 Investments 
 87 
 Overview 
 87 
 Investment Highlights in 2022 
 87 
 Investment Strategies 
 87 
 Credit Ratings 
 89 
 Insurance Reserves 
 96 
 Loss Reserves 
 96 
 Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC 
 100 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 108 
 Overview 
 108 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Highlights 
 109 
 Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash 
 110 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources of AIG Parent and Subsidiaries 
 110 
 Credit Facilities 
 111 
 Contractual Obligations 
 112 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments 
 113 
 Debt 
 114 
 Credit Ratings 
 115 
 Financial Strength Ratings 
 115 
 Regulation and Supervision 
 116 
 Dividends 
 116 
 Repurchases of AIG Common Stock 
 116 
 Dividend Restrictions 
 116 
 Enterprise Risk Management 
 117 
 Overview 
 117 
 Risk Governance Structure 
 117 
 Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification and Measurement 
 117 
 Credit Risk Management 
 118 
 Market Risk Management 
 119 
 Liquidity Risk Management 
 122 
 Operational Risk Management 
 123 
 Insurance Risks 
 123 
 Glossary 
 129 
 Acronyms 
 131 

Throughout the MD A, we use certain terms and abbreviations, which are summarized in the Glossary and Acronyms. 
 We have incorporated into this discussion a number of cross-references to additional information included throughout this Annual Report to assist readers seeking additional information related to a particular subject. 
 44 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Use of Non-GAAP Measures 

Use of Non-GAAP Measures 
 Throughout this MD A, we present our financial condition and results of operations in the way we believe will be most meaningful and representative of our business results. Some of the measurements we use are non-GAAP financial measures under SEC rules and regulations. GAAP is the acronym for generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The non-GAAP financial measures we present may not be comparable to similarly-named measures reported by other companies. 
 We use the following operating performance measures because we believe they enhance the understanding of the underlying profitability of continuing operations and trends of our business segments. We believe they also allow for more meaningful comparisons with our insurance competitors. When we use these measures, reconciliations to the most comparable GAAP measure are provided on a consolidated basis in the Consolidated Results of Operations section of this MD A. 
 Book value per common share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets and deferred tax assets (DTA) (Adjusted book value per common share) is used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-common share basis after eliminating items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period including changes in fair value of AIG s available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency translation adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax assets. This measure also eliminates the asymmetrical impact resulting from changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting impact for certain related insurance liabilities. In addition, we adjust for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets held by AIG in support of Fortitude Re s reinsurance obligations to AIG post deconsolidation of Fortitude Re (Fortitude Re funds withheld assets) since these fair value movements are economically transferred to Fortitude Re. We exclude deferred tax assets representing U.S. tax attributes related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they have not yet been utilized. Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year attribute utilization. As net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits are utilized, the portion of the DTA utilized is included in these book value per common share metrics. Adjusted book value per common share is derived by dividing total AIG common shareholders equity, excluding AOCI adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets, and DTA (Adjusted common shareholders equity), by total common shares outstanding. 
 Return on common equity Adjusted after-tax income excluding AOCI adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets and DTA (Adjusted return on common equity) is used to show the rate of return on common shareholders equity. We believe this measure is useful to investors because it eliminates items that can fluctuate significantly from period to period, including changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio, foreign currency translation adjustments and U.S. tax attribute deferred tax assets. This measure also eliminates the asymmetrical impact resulting from changes in fair value of our available for sale securities portfolio wherein there is largely no offsetting impact for certain related insurance liabilities. In addition, we adjust for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets since these fair value movements are economically transferred to Fortitude Re. We exclude deferred tax assets representing U.S. tax attributes related to net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits as they have not yet been utilized. Amounts for interim periods are estimates based on projections of full-year attribute utilization. As net operating loss carryforwards and foreign tax credits are utilized, the portion of the DTA utilized is included in Adjusted return on common equity. Adjusted return on common equity is derived by dividing actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG common shareholders by average Adjusted common shareholders equity. 
 Adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG common shareholders is derived by excluding the tax effected adjusted pre-tax income (APTI) adjustments described below, dividends on preferred stock, noncontrolling interest on net realized gains (losses), other non-operating expenses and the following tax items from net income attributable to AIG: 
 deferred income tax valuation allowance releases and charges; 
 changes in uncertain tax positions and other tax items related to legacy matters having no relevance to our current businesses or operating performance; and 
 net tax charge related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. 
 Adjusted revenues exclude Net realized gains (losses), income from non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP purposes), changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP purposes) and income from elimination of the international reporting lag. Adjusted revenues is a GAAP measure for our segments. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 45 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Use of Non-GAAP Measures 

Adjusted pre-tax income is derived by excluding the items set forth below from income from continuing operations before income tax. This definition is consistent across our segments. These items generally fall into one or more of the following broad categories: legacy matters having no relevance to our current businesses or operating performance; adjustments to enhance transparency to the underlying economics of transactions; and measures that we believe to be common to the industry. APTI is a GAAP measure for our segments. Excluded items include the following: 
 changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits; 
 changes in benefit reserves and deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC), value of business acquired (VOBA), and deferred sales inducements (DSI) related to net realized gains and losses; 
 changes in the fair value of equity securities; 
 net investment income on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets; 
 following deconsolidation of Fortitude Re, net realized gains and losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets; 
 loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt; 
 all net realized gains and losses except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used for non- qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication. Earned income on such economic hedges is reclassified from net realized gains and losses to specific APTI line items based on the economic risk being hedged (e.g. net investment income and interest credited to policyholder account balances); 
 income or loss from discontinued operations; 

net loss reserve discount benefit (charge); 
 pension expense related to lump sum payments to former employees; 
 net gain or loss on divestitures and other; 
 non-operating litigation reserves and settlements; 
 restructuring and other costs related to initiatives designed to reduce operating expenses, improve efficiency and simplify our organization; 
 the portion of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in amortization of the deferred gain; 
 integration and transaction costs associated with acquiring or divesting businesses; 
 losses from the impairment of goodwill; 
 non-recurring costs associated with the implementation of non-ordinary course legal or regulatory changes or changes to accounting principles; and 
 income from elimination of the international reporting lag. 

General Insurance 
 Ratios: We, along with most property and casualty insurance companies, use the loss ratio, the expense ratio and the combined ratio as measures of underwriting performance. These ratios are relative measurements that describe, for every 100 of net premiums earned, the amount of losses and loss adjustment expenses (which for General Insurance excludes net loss reserve discount), and the amount of other underwriting expenses that would be incurred. A combined ratio of less than 100 indicates underwriting income and a combined ratio of over 100 indicates an underwriting loss. Our ratios are calculated using the relevant segment information calculated under GAAP, and thus may not be comparable to similar ratios calculated for regulatory reporting purposes. The underwriting environment varies across countries and products, as does the degree of litigation activity, all of which affect such ratios. In addition, investment returns, local taxes, cost of capital, regulation, product type and competition can have an effect on pricing and consequently on profitability as reflected in underwriting income and associated ratios. 
 Accident year loss and accident year combined ratios, as adjusted (Accident year loss ratio, ex-CAT and Accident year combined ratio, ex-CAT): both the accident year loss and accident year combined ratios, as adjusted, exclude catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting. Natural catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events, in each case, having a net impact on AIG in excess of 10 million and man-made catastrophe losses, such as terrorism and civil disorders that exceed the 10 million threshold. We believe that as adjusted ratios are meaningful measures of our underwriting results on an ongoing basis as they exclude catastrophes and the impact of reserve discounting which are outside of management s control. We also exclude prior year development to provide transparency related to current accident year results. 
 Life and Retirement 
 Premiums and deposits: includes direct and assumed amounts received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts, Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) funding agreements and mutual funds. We believe the measure of premiums and deposits is useful in understanding customer demand for our products, evolving product trends and our sales performance period over period. 
 Results from discontinued operations are excluded from all of these measures. 
 46 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the application of accounting policies that often involve a significant degree of judgment. 
 The accounting policies that we believe are most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions, which are critical accounting estimates, are related to the determination of: 
 loss reserves; 
 future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts; 
 guaranteed benefit features of variable annuity, fixed annuity and fixed index annuity products; 
 valuation of embedded derivative liabilities for fixed index annuity and life products; 
 estimated gross profits to value deferred acquisition costs and unearned revenue for investment-oriented products; 
 reinsurance assets, including the allowance for credit losses and disputes; 
 goodwill impairment; 
 allowance for credit losses on certain investments, primarily on loans and available for sale fixed maturity securities; 
 fair value measurements of certain financial assets and financial liabilities; and 
 income taxes, in particular the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and establishment of provisions for uncertain tax positions. 
 
 These accounting estimates require the use of assumptions about matters, some of which are highly uncertain at the time of estimation. To the extent actual experience differs from the assumptions used, our consolidated financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially affected. 
 
 LOSS RESERVES 
 Loss reserves represent the accumulation of estimates of unpaid claims, including estimates for claims incurred but not reported and loss adjustment expenses, less applicable discount. We regularly review and update the methods used to determine loss reserve estimates. Because these estimates are subject to the outcome of future events, changes in estimates are common given that loss trends vary and time is often required for changes in trends to be recognized and confirmed. 
 The estimate of loss reserves relies on several key judgments: 
 the determination of the actuarial methods used as the basis for these estimates; 
 the relative weights given to these models by product line; 
 the underlying assumptions used in these models; and 
 the determination of the appropriate groupings of similar product lines and, in some cases, the disaggregation of dissimilar losses within a product line. 
 Numerous assumptions are made in determining the best estimate of reserves for each line of business, in consideration of expected ultimate losses, loss cost trends and loss development factors, where appropriate. The importance of any one assumption can vary by both line of business and accident year. Because such assumptions may differ from actual experience, there is potential for significant variation in the development of loss reserves. This estimation uncertainty is particularly relevant for long-tail lines of business. 
 All of our methods to calculate net reserves include assumptions about estimated reinsurance recoveries and their collectability. Reinsurance collectability is evaluated independently of the reserving process and appropriate allowances for uncollectible reinsurance are established. 
 Overview of Loss Reserving Process and Methods 
 Our loss reserves can generally be categorized into two distinct groups: short-tail reserves and long-tail reserves. Short-tail reserves consist principally of U.S. Property and Special Risks, Europe Property and Special Risks, U.S. Personal Insurance, and Europe and Japan Personal Insurance. Long-tail reserves include U.S. Workers Compensation, U.S. Excess Casualty, U.S. Other Casualty, U.S. Financial Lines, and UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 47 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Short-Tail Reserves 
 In short-tail lines of business, such as property or personal insurance, where the nature of these claims tends to be higher frequency with short reporting periods, with volatility arising from occasional severe events, the actual losses reported make up a greater proportion of the ultimate loss estimate. During the first few development quarters of an accident year, the expected ultimate losses generally reflect the average loss costs from a period of preceding accident quarters that have been adjusted for changes in rate and loss cost trends, mix of business, known exposure to unreported losses, or other factors affecting the particular line of business. For more mature quarters, specific loss development methods and/or frequency/severity methods may be used to determine the incurred but not reported (IBNR). IBNR for claims arising from catastrophic events or events of unusual severity would be determined in close collaboration with the claims department s knowledge of known information, using alternative techniques or expected percentages of ultimate loss emergence based on historical emergence of similar events or claim types. 
 Long-Tail Reserves 
 Estimation of loss reserves for our long-tail business is a complex process and depends on a number of factors, including the product line and volume of business, as well as estimates of reinsurance recoveries. Experience in more recent accident years generally provides limited statistical credibility of reported net losses on long-tail business. That is because in the more recent accident years, a relatively low proportion of estimated ultimate net incurred losses are reported or paid. Therefore, IBNR reserves constitute a relatively high proportion of loss reserves. 
 For our long-tail lines, we generally make actuarial and other assumptions with respect to the following: 
 Loss cost trend factors, which are used to establish expected loss ratios for subsequent accident years based on the projected loss ratios for prior accident years. 
 Expected loss ratios, which are used for the latest accident year and, in some cases, for accident years prior to the latest accident year. The expected loss ratio also generally reflects the average loss ratio from prior accident years, adjusted for the loss cost trend and the effect of rate changes and other quantifiable factors on the loss ratio. 
 Loss development factors, which are used to project the reported losses for each accident year to an ultimate basis. Generally, the actual loss development factors observed from prior accident years would be used as a basis to determine the loss development factors for the subsequent accident years. 
 Tail factors, which are development factors used for certain long-tail lines of business to project future loss development for periods that extend beyond the available development data. The development of losses to the ultimate loss for a given accident year for these lines may take decades and the projection of ultimate losses for an accident year is very sensitive to the tail factors selected beyond a certain age. 
 We record quarterly changes in loss reserves for each product line of business. The overall change in our loss reserves is based on the sum of the changes for all product lines of business. The quarterly loss reserve changes are based on the estimated current loss ratio for each subset of coverage less any amounts paid. Also, any change in estimated ultimate losses from prior accident years deemed to be necessary based on the results of our latest detailed valuation reviews, large loss analyses, or other analytical techniques, either positive or negative, is reflected in the loss reserve and incurred losses for the current quarter. Differences between actual loss emergence in a given period and our expectations based on prior loss reserve estimates are used to monitor reserve adequacy between detailed valuation reviews and may also influence our judgment with respect to adjusting reserve estimates. 
 Details of the Loss Reserving Process 
 The process of determining the current loss ratio for each product line of business is based on a variety of factors. These include considerations such as: prior accident year and policy year loss ratios; rate changes; and changes in coverage, reinsurance, or mix of business. Other considerations include actual and anticipated changes in external factors such as trends in loss costs, inflation, employment rates or unemployment duration or in the legal and claims environment. The current loss ratio for each product line of business is intended to represent our best estimate after reflecting all relevant factors. At the close of each quarter, the assumptions and data underlying the loss ratios are reviewed to determine whether they remain appropriate. This process includes a review of the actual loss experience in the quarter, actual rate changes achieved, actual changes in reinsurance, quantifiable changes in coverage or mix of business, and changes in other factors that may affect the loss ratio. The loss ratio is changed to reflect the revised estimate if this review suggests that the previously determined loss ratio is no longer appropriate and, generally, shorter tailed lines of business are more likely to experience changes than longer tailed lines for immature accident years unless the information is directionally unfavorable. 
 We conduct a comprehensive loss reserve detailed valuation review at least annually for each product line of business in accordance with Actuarial Standards of Practice. These standards provide that the unpaid loss estimate may be presented in a variety of ways, such as a point estimate, a range of estimates, a point estimate based on the expected value of several reasonable estimates, or a probability distribution of the unpaid loss amount. Our actuarial best estimate for each product line of business represents an expected value generally considering a range of reasonably possible outcomes. 
 48 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

The reserve analysis, globally, for each product line of business is performed by a credentialed actuarial team in collaboration with claims, underwriting, business unit management, risk management and senior management. Our actuaries consider the ongoing applicability of prior data groupings and update numerous assumptions, including the analysis and selection of loss development and loss trend factors. They also determine and select the appropriate actuarial or other methods used to develop our best estimate for each business product line, and may employ multiple methods and assumptions for each product line. These data groupings, accident year weights, method selections and assumptions necessarily change over time as business mix changes, development factors mature and become more credible and loss characteristics evolve. We consult with third-party specialists to help inform our judgments as needed. Through the execution of these detailed valuation reviews an actuarial best estimate of the loss reserve is determined. The sum of these estimates for each product line of business yields an overall actuarial best estimate for that line of business. 
 A critical component of our detailed valuation reviews is an internal peer review of our reserving analyses and conclusions, where actuaries independent of the initial review evaluate the reasonableness of assumptions used, methods selected, and weightings given to different methods. In addition, each detailed valuation review is subjected to a review and challenge process by specialists in our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) group. 
 For certain product lines, we measure sensitivities and determine explicit ranges around the actuarial best estimate using multiple methodologies and varying assumptions. Where we have ranges, we use them to inform our selection of best estimates of loss reserves by product line of business. Our range of reasonable estimates is not intended to cover all possibilities or extreme values and is based on known data and facts at the time of estimation. 
 Actuarial and Other Methods for Our Lines of Business 
 Our actuaries determine the appropriate actuarial methods and segmentation. This determination is based on a variety of factors including the nature of the losses associated with the product line of business, such as the frequency or severity of the claims. In addition to determining the actuarial methods, the actuaries determine the appropriate loss reserve groupings of data. This determination is a judgmental, dynamic process and refinements to the groupings are made every year. The groupings may change to reflect observed or emerging patterns within and across product lines, or to differentiate risk characteristics (for example, size of deductibles and extent of third-party claims specialists used by our insureds). As an example of reserve segmentation, we write many unique subsets of professional liability insurance, which cover different products, industry segments, and coverage structures. While for pricing or other purposes, it may be appropriate to evaluate the profitability of each subset individually, we believe it is appropriate to combine the subsets into larger groups for reserving purposes to produce a greater degree of credibility in the loss experience. This determination of data segmentation and related actuarial methods is assessed, reviewed and updated at least annually. 
 The actuarial methods we use most commonly include paid and incurred loss development methods, expected loss ratio methods, including Bornhuetter Ferguson and Cape Cod, and frequency/severity models. Loss development methods utilize the actual loss development patterns from prior accident years updated through the current year to project the reported losses to an ultimate basis for all accident years. We also use this information to update our current accident year loss selections. Loss development methods are generally most appropriate for lines of business that exhibit a stable pattern of loss development from one accident year to the next, and for which the components of the product line have similar development characteristics. Expected loss ratio methods rely on the application of an expected loss ratio to the earned premium for the product line of business to determine the liability for loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses. We generally use expected loss ratio methods in cases where the reported loss data lacked sufficient credibility to utilize loss development methods, such as for new product lines of business or for long-tail product lines at early stages of loss development. Frequency/severity models may be used where sufficient frequency counts are available to apply such approaches. 
 A key advantage of loss development methods is that they respond more quickly to any actual changes in loss costs for the product line of business. Therefore, if loss experience is unexpectedly deteriorating or improving, the loss development method gives full credibility to the changing experience. Expected loss ratio methods would be slower to respond to the change, as they would continue to give more weight to a prior expected loss ratio, until enough evidence emerged to modify the expected loss ratio to reflect the changing loss experience. On the other hand, loss development methods have the disadvantage of overreacting to changes in reported losses if the loss experience is anomalous due to the various key factors described above and the inherent volatility in some of the lines. For example, the presence or absence of large losses at the early stages of loss development could cause the loss development method to overreact to the favorable or unfavorable experience by assuming it is a fundamental shift in the development pattern. In these instances, expected loss ratio methods such as Bornhuetter Ferguson have the advantage of recognizing large losses without extrapolating unusual large loss activity onto the unreported portion of the losses for the accident year. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 49 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

The Cape Cod method is a hybrid between the loss development and Bornhuetter Ferguson methods, where the historic loss data and loss development factor assumptions are used to determine the expected loss ratio estimate in the Bornhuetter Ferguson method. 
 Where appropriate, supplemental analysis for the given line of business may be performed in addition to the above described techniques such as Shareholder Class Action (SCA) suit analysis for D O coverages. 
 Frequency/severity methods generally rely on the determination of an ultimate number of claims and an average severity for each claim for each accident year. Multiplying the estimated ultimate number of claims for each accident year by the expected average severity of each claim produces the estimated ultimate loss for the accident year. Frequency/severity methods generally require a sufficient volume of claims in order for the average severity to be predictable. Average severity for subsequent accident years is generally determined by applying an estimated annual loss cost trend to the estimated average claim severity from prior accident years. In certain cases, a structural approach may also be used to predict the ultimate loss cost. Frequency/severity methods have the advantage that ultimate claim counts can generally be estimated more quickly and accurately than can ultimate losses. Thus, if the average claim severity can be accurately estimated, these methods can more quickly respond to changes in loss experience than other methods. However, for average severity to be predictable, the product line of business must consist of homogenous types of claims for which loss severity trends from one year to the next are reasonably consistent and where there are limited changes to deductible levels or limits. Generally these methods work best for high frequency, low severity product lines of business such as personal auto. However, frequency and severity metrics are also used to test the reasonability of results for other product lines of business and provide indications of underlying trends in the data. In addition, ultimate claim counts can be used as an alternative exposure measure to earned premiums in the Cape Cod method. 
 The estimation of liability for loss reserves and loss adjustment expenses relating to asbestos and environmental pollution losses on insurance policies written many years ago is typically subject to greater uncertainty than other types of losses. This is due to inconsistent court decisions, as well as judicial interpretations and legislative actions that in some cases have tended to broaden coverage beyond the original intent of such policies or have expanded theories of liability. In addition, reinsurance recoverable balances relating to asbestos and environmental loss reserves are subject to greater uncertainty due to the underlying age of the claim, underlying legal issues surrounding the nature of the coverage, and determination of proper policy period. For these reasons, these balances tend to be subject to increased levels of disputes and legal collection activity when actually billed. The insurance industry as a whole is engaged in extensive litigation over these coverage and liability issues and is thus confronted with a continuing uncertainty in its efforts to quantify these exposures. 
 We continue to receive claims asserting injuries and damages from toxic waste, hazardous substances, and other environmental pollutants and alleged claims to cover the cleanup costs of hazardous waste dump sites, referred to collectively as environmental claims, and indemnity claims asserting injuries from asbestos. The vast majority of these asbestos and environmental losses emanate from policies written in 1984 and prior years. Commencing in 1985, standard policies contained absolute exclusions for pollution-related damage and asbestos. The current environmental policies that we specifically price and underwrite for environmental risks on a claims-made basis have been excluded from the analysis. Nevertheless, most of these legacy exposures have been heavily reinsured with very highly rated reinsurers. 
 The majority of our remaining exposures for asbestos and environmental losses are related to excess casualty coverages, not primary coverages. The litigation costs are treated in the same manner as indemnity amounts, with litigation expenses included within the limits of the liability we incur. Individual significant loss reserves, where future litigation costs are reasonably determinable, are established on a case-by-case basis. 
 50 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Key Assumptions of our Actuarial Methods by Line of Business 
 
 Line of Business 
 or Category 
 Key Assumptions 
 U.S. Workers 
 Compensation 
 We generally use a combination of loss development and expected loss ratio methods for U.S. Workers Compensation as this is a long-tail line of business. 
 The tail factor is typically the most critical assumption, and small changes in the selected tail factor can have a material effect on our carried reserves. For example, the tail factors beyond twenty years for guaranteed cost business could vary by 1 percentage point below to 2.5 percentage points above those indicated in the 2022 detailed valuation review. For excess of deductible business, in our judgment, it is reasonably possible that tail factors beyond twenty years could vary by 1.5 percentage points below to 3 percentage points above those indicated in the 2022 detailed valuation review. 
 U.S. Excess Casualty We utilize various loss cost trend assumptions for different segments of the portfolio. In our judgment, after evaluating the historical loss cost trends from prior accident years since the early 1990s, it is reasonably possible that actual loss cost trends applicable to the year-end 2022 detailed valuation review for U.S. Excess Casualty may range 5 percentage points lower or higher than this estimated loss trend. The loss cost trend assumption is critical for the U.S. Excess Casualty line of business due to the long-tail nature of the losses, and it is applied across many accident years. Thus, there is the potential for the loss reserves with respect to a number of accident years (the expected loss ratio years) to be significantly affected by changes in loss cost trends that were initially relied upon in setting the loss reserves. These changes in loss trends could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting losses. 
 U.S. Excess Casualty is a long-tail line of business and any deviation in loss development factors might not be discernible for an extended period of time subsequent to the recording of the initial loss reserve estimates for any accident year. Mass tort claims in particular may develop over a very extended period and impact multiple accident years, so we usually select a separate pattern for them. Thus, there is the potential for the loss reserves with respect to a number of accident years to be significantly affected by changes in loss development factors that were initially relied upon in setting the reserves. 
 In our judgment, after evaluating the historical loss development factors from prior accident years since the early 1990s, it is reasonably possible that the actual loss development factors could vary by an amount equivalent to a six month shift from those actually utilized in the year-end 2022 detailed valuation review. This would impact projections both for accident years where the selections were directly based on loss development methods as well as the a priori loss ratio assumptions for accident years with selections based on Bornhuetter Ferguson or Cape Cod methods. Similar to loss cost trends, these changes in loss development factors could be attributable to changes in inflation or in the judicial environment, or in other social or economic conditions affecting losses. 
 Given the very long-tail nature of this business, the tail factor selection can also have material impact on our carried reserves. The sensitivity around tail selection may also be a proxy for the sensitivity of a calendar year impact of monetary inflation on unpaid losses. It is reasonably possible for the tail factors for Excess Casualty could vary by 2 percentage points below to 3.5 percentage points above those indicated in the 2022 detailed valuation review. 
 U.S. Other Casualty 
 The key assumptions for other casualty lines are similar to U.S. Excess Casualty, as the underlying business is long-tailed and can be subject to variability in loss cost trends and changes in loss development factors. These may differ significantly by line of business as coverages such as general liability, medical malpractice and environmental may be subject to different risk drivers. 
 U.S. Financial Lines 
 The loss cost trends for U.S. Directors and Officers (D O) liability business vary by year and subset. After evaluating the historical loss cost levels from prior accident years since the early 1990s, including the potential effect of losses relating to the credit crisis, in our judgment, it is reasonably possible that the actual variation in loss cost levels for these subsets could vary by approximately 10 percentage points lower or higher on a year-over-year basis than the assumptions actually utilized in the year-end 2022 reserve review. Because the U.S. D O business has exhibited highly volatile loss trends from one accident year to the next, there is the possibility of an exceptionally high deviation. In our analysis, the effects of loss cost trend assumptions affect the results through the a priori loss ratio assumptions used for the Bornhuetter Ferguson and Cape Cod methods, which impact the projections for the more recent accident years. 
 The selected loss development factors are also an important assumption, but are less critical than for U.S. Excess Casualty. Because these lines are written on a claims made basis, the loss reporting and development tail is much shorter than for U.S. Excess Casualty. However, the high severity nature of the losses does create the potential for significant deviations in loss development patterns from one year to the next. Similar to U.S. Excess Casualty, after evaluating the historical loss development factors from prior accident years since the early 1990s, in our judgment, it is reasonably possible that actual loss development factors could change by an amount equivalent to a shift by six months from those actually utilized in the year-end 2022 reserve review. 
 UK/Europe Casualty and 
 Financial Lines 
 Similar to U.S. business, UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines can be significantly impacted by loss cost trends and changes in loss development factors. The variation in such factors can differ significantly by product and region, however the range of potential impacts is much lower than that of other lines of business noted above. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 51 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Line of Business 
 or Category 
 Key Assumptions 
 U.S. and UK/Europe 
 Property and Special 
 Risks 
 For shorter-tail lines such as Property and Special Risks, variance in outcomes for individual large claims or events typically has a greater impact on results than does changes in actuarial assumptions or methodology. This is because a greater proportion of the ultimate loss, at any stage of development, is composed of reported losses than IBNR reserves. These outcomes generally relate to unique characteristics of events such as catastrophes or losses with significant business interruption claims. 
 U.S., UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance Personal Insurance is short-tailed in nature similar to Property and Special Risks but less volatile. Variance in estimates can result from unique events such as catastrophes. In addition, some subsets of this business, such as auto liability, can be impacted by changes in loss development factors and loss cost trends. 
 
 The following sensitivity analysis table summarizes the effect on the loss reserve position of using certain alternative loss cost trend (for accident years where we use expected loss ratio methods) or loss development factor assumptions rather than the assumptions actually used in determining our estimates in the year-end loss reserve analyses in 2022: 
 December 31, 2022 Increase (Decrease) to Loss Reserves Increase (Decrease) to Loss Reserves (in millions) Loss cost trends: Loss development factors: U.S. Excess Casualty: U.S. Excess Casualty: 5.0 percentage points increase 950 3.5 percentage points tail factor increase 1,150 5.0 percentage points decrease (700) 2.0 percentage points tail factor decrease (700) U.S. Excess Casualty: 6-months slower 700 6-months faster (600) U.S. Financial Lines (D O) U.S. Financial Lines (D O) 10.0 percentage points increase 1,000 6-months slower 650 10.0 percentage points decrease (700) 6-months faster (500) U.S. Workers' Compensation: Tail factor increase (a) 
 850 Tail factor decrease (b) 
 (500) 
 (a) Tail factor increase of 2.5 percentage points for guaranteed cost business and 3 percentage points for deductible business. 
 (b) Tail factor decrease of 1 percentage point for guaranteed cost business and 1.5 percentage points for deductible business. 
 For additional information on our reserving process and methodology, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 FUTURE POLICY BENEFITS FOR LIFE AND ACCIDENT AND HEALTH INSURANCE CONTRACTS 
 Long-duration traditional products primarily include whole life insurance, term life insurance, and certain payout annuities for which the payment period is life-contingent, which include certain of our single premium immediate annuities including pension risk transfer (PRT) business and structured settlements. In addition, these products also include accident and health, and long-term care (LTC) insurance. The LTC block is in run-off and has been fully reinsured with Fortitude Re. 
 For long-duration traditional business, a lock-in principle applies. Generally, future policy benefits are payable over an extended period of time and related liabilities are calculated as the present value of future benefits less the present value of future net premiums (portion of the gross premium required to provide for all benefits and expenses). The assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities and DAC are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. The assumptions include mortality, morbidity, persistency, maintenance expenses, and investment returns. These assumptions are typically consistent with pricing inputs. The assumptions also include margins for adverse deviation, principally for key assumptions such as mortality and interest rates used to discount cash flows, to reflect uncertainty given that actual experience might deviate from these assumptions. Establishing margins at contract inception requires management judgment. The extent of the margin for adverse deviation may vary depending on the uncertainty of the cash flows, which is affected by the volatility of the business and the extent of our experience with the product. 
 
 52 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

Loss recognition occurs if observed changes in actual experience or estimates result in projected future losses under loss recognition testing. To determine whether loss recognition exists, we determine whether a future loss is expected based on updated current best estimate assumptions. If loss recognition exists, the assumptions as of the loss recognition test date are locked-in and used in subsequent valuations and the net reserves continue to be subject to loss recognition testing. Because of the long-term nature of many of our liabilities subject to the lock-in principle, small changes in certain assumptions may cause large changes in the degree of reserve balances. In particular, changes in estimates of future invested asset returns have a large effect on the degree of reserve balances. 
 Groupings for loss recognition testing are consistent with our manner of acquiring, servicing, and measuring the profitability of the business and are applied by product groupings, that span across issuance years, including traditional life, payout annuities and LTC insurance. Once loss recognition has been recorded for a block of business, the old assumption set is replaced and the assumption set used for the loss recognition would then be subject to the lock-in principle. Our policy is to perform loss recognition testing net of reinsurance. The business ceded to Fortitude Re, is grouped separately. Since 100 percent of the risk has been ceded, no additional loss recognition events are expected to occur unless this business is recaptured. 
 Key judgments made in loss recognition testing include the following: 
 To determine investment returns used in loss recognition tests, we project future cash flows on the assets supporting the liabilities. The duration of these assets is generally comparable to the duration of the liabilities and such assets are primarily comprised of diversified portfolio of high to medium quality fixed maturity securities, and may also include, to a lesser extent, alternative investments. Our projections include a reasonable allowance for investment expenses and expected credit losses over the projection horizon. A critical assumption in the projection of expected investment income is the assumed net rate of investment return at which excess cash flows are to be reinvested. 
 For mortality assumptions, base future assumptions take into account industry and our historical experience, as well as expected mortality changes in the future. The latter judgment is based on a combination of historical mortality trends and industry observations, public health and demography specialists that were consulted by AIG s actuaries and published industry information. 
 For surrender rates, key judgments involve the correlation between expected increases/decreases in interest rates and increases/decreases in surrender rates. To support this judgment, we compare crediting rates on our products to expected rates on competing products under different interest rate scenarios. 
 Significant unrealized appreciation on investments in a low interest rate environment may cause DAC to be adjusted and additional future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded through a charge directly to accumulated other comprehensive income (changes related to unrealized appreciation or depreciation of investments). These charges are included, net of tax, with the change in net unrealized appreciation of investments. In applying changes related to unrealized appreciation of investments, the Company overlays unrealized gains and other changes related to unrealized appreciation of investments onto loss recognition tests. 
 For additional information on impact of changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) to investments, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For universal life policies with secondary guarantees, we recognize certain liabilities in addition to policyholder account balances. For universal life policies with secondary guarantees, as well as other universal life policies for which profits followed by losses are expected at contract inception, a liability is recognized based on a benefit ratio of (i) the present value of total expected payments, in excess of the account value, over the life of the contract, divided by (ii) the present value of total expected assessments over the life of the contract. Universal life account balances are reported in Policyholder contract deposits, while these additional liabilities related to universal life products are reported within Future Policy Benefits in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. These additional liabilities are also adjusted to reflect the effect of unrealized gains or losses on fixed maturity securities available for sale on accumulated assessments, with related changes recognized through Other comprehensive income (loss). The primary policyholder behavior assumptions for these liabilities include mortality, lapses and premium persistency. The primary capital market assumptions used for the liability for universal life secondary guarantees include discount rates and net earned rates. 
 For additional information on actuarial assumption updates, see Insurance Reserves Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC Update of Actuarial Assumptions and Models Investment-Oriented Products. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 53 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

GUARANTEED BENEFIT FEATURES OF VARIABLE ANNUITY, FIXED ANNUITY AND FIXED INDEX ANNUITY PRODUCTS 
 Variable annuity products offered by our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement segments offer guaranteed benefit features. These guaranteed features include guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) that are payable in the event of death and living benefits that guarantee lifetime withdrawals regardless of fixed account and separate account value performance. Living benefit features primarily include guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB). 
 For additional information on these features, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The liability for GMDB, which is recorded in future policy benefits, represents the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably through Policyholder benefits over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. The liabilities for variable annuity GMWB, which are recorded in Policyholder contract deposits, are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in net realized gains (losses). 
 Certain of our fixed annuity and fixed index annuity contracts, which are not offered through separate accounts, contain optional GMWB benefits. Different versions of these GMWB riders contain different guarantee provisions. The liability for GMWB benefits in fixed annuity and fixed index annuity contracts for which the rider guarantee is considered to be clearly and closely related to the host contract are recorded in future policy benefits. This GMWB liability represents the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments, through Policyholder benefits. For rider guarantees in certain fixed index annuity contracts that are linked to equity indices that are considered to be embedded derivatives that are not clearly and closely related to the host contract, the GMWB liability is recorded in Policyholder contract deposits and measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in net realized gains (losses). 
 Our exposure to the guaranteed amounts is equal to the amount by which the contract holder s account balance is below the amount provided by the guaranteed feature. A deferred annuity contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can generally only receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a living benefit, i.e., the features are generally mutually exclusive (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to potentially collect both a GMDB upon their spouse s death and a GMWB during his or her lifetime). A policyholder cannot purchase more than one living benefit on one contract. Declines in the equity markets, increased volatility and a low interest rate environment increase our exposure to potential benefits under the guaranteed features, leading to an increase in the liabilities for those benefits. 
 For sensitivity analysis which includes the sensitivity of reserves for guaranteed benefit features to changes in the assumptions for interest rates, equity returns, volatility, and mortality, see Estimated Gross Profits to Value Deferred Acquisition Costs and Unearned Revenue for Investment-Oriented Products. 
 For additional information on market risk management related to these product features, see Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risks Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks Variable Annuity, Fixed Index Annuity and Index Universal Life Risk Management and Hedging Programs. 
 54 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

The reserving methodology and assumptions used to measure the liabilities of our two largest guaranteed benefit features are presented in the following table: 
 Guaranteed Benefit Feature 
 Reserving Methodology 
 Key Assumptions 
 GMDB and Fixed 
 Annuity and certain Fixed 
 Index Annuity 
 GMWB 
 We determine the GMDB liability at each balance sheet date by estimating the expected value of death benefits in excess of the projected account balance and recognizing the excess ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected fee assessments. For certain fixed and fixed index annuity products, we determine the GMWB liability at each balance sheet date by estimating the expected withdrawal benefits once the projected account balance has been exhausted ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments. These GMWB features are deemed to not be embedded derivatives as the GMWB feature is determined to be clearly and closely related to the host contract. The present value of the total expected excess payments (e.g., payments in excess of account value) over the life of contract divided by the present value of total expected assessments is referred to as the benefit ratio. The magnitude and direction of the change in reserves may vary over time based on the emergence of the benefit ratio and the level of assessments. 
 For additional information on how we reserve for variable and fixed index annuity products with guaranteed benefit features, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Key assumptions and projections include: 
 Interest credited that varies by year of issuance and products 
 Actuarially determined assumptions for mortality rates that are based upon industry and our historical experience modified to allow for variations in policy features and experience anomalies 
 Actuarially determined assumptions for lapse rates that are based upon industry and our historical experience modified to allow for variations in policy features and experience anomalies 
 Investment returns, based on stochastically generated scenarios 
 Asset returns that include a reversion to the mean methodology, similar to that applied for DAC 
 In applying separate account asset growth assumptions for the variable annuity GMDB liability, we use a reversion to the mean methodology, the same as that applied to DAC. For the fixed index annuity GMWB liability, policyholder funds are projected assuming growth equal to current option values for the current crediting period followed by option budgets for all subsequent crediting periods. For the fixed annuity liability, policyholder fund growth projected assuming credited rates are expected to be maintained at a target pricing spread, subject to guaranteed minimums . 
 Variable Annuity 
 and certain Fixed 
 Index Annuity 
 GMWB 
 GMWB living benefits on variable annuities and GMWB living benefits linked to equity indices on fixed index annuities are embedded derivatives that are required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried at fair value with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in realized gains (losses). The fair value of these embedded derivatives is based on assumptions that a market participant would use in valuing these embedded derivatives. For additional information on how we reserve for variable and fixed index annuity products with guaranteed benefit features, see Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, and for information on fair value measurement of these embedded derivatives, including how we incorporate our own non-performance risk, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The fair value of the embedded derivatives, which are Level 3 liabilities, is based on a risk-neutral framework and incorporates actuarial and capital market assumptions related to projected cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. Key assumptions include: 
 Interest rates 
 Equity market returns 
 Market volatility 
 Credit spreads 
 Equity / interest rate correlation 
 Policyholder behavior, including mortality, lapses, withdrawals and benefit utilization. Estimates of future policyholder behavior are subjective and based primarily on our historical experience 
 In applying asset growth assumptions for the valuation of GMWBs, we use market-consistent assumptions calibrated to observable interest rate and equity option prices 
 Allocation of fees between the embedded derivative and host contract 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 55 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

VALUATION OF EMBEDDED DERIVATIVES FOR FIXED INDEX ANNUITY AND LIFE PRODUCTS 
 Fixed index annuity and life products provide growth potential based in part on the performance of a market index. Certain fixed index annuity products offer optional guaranteed benefit features similar to those offered on variable annuity products. Policyholders may elect to rebalance among the various accounts within the product at specified renewal dates. At the end of each index term, we generally have the opportunity to re-price the indexed component by establishing different participation rates or caps on equity index credited rates. The index crediting feature of these products results in the recognition of an embedded derivative that is required to be bifurcated from the host contract and carried at fair value with changes in the fair value of the liabilities recorded in Net realized gains (losses). Option pricing models are used to estimate fair value, taking into account assumptions for future equity index growth rates, volatility of the equity index, future interest rates, and our ability to adjust the participation rate and the cap on equity index credited rates in light of market conditions and policyholder behavior assumptions. 
 For additional information on market risk management related to these product features, see Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risks Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks Variable Annuity, Fixed Index Annuity and Index Universal Life Risk Management and Hedging Programs. 
 
 ESTIMATED GROSS PROFITS TO VALUE DEFERRED ACQUISITION COSTS AND UNEARNED REVENUE FOR INVESTMENT ORIENTED PRODUCTS 
 Policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new or renewal of existing insurance contracts related to universal life insurance and investment-type products, for example, variable, fixed and fixed index annuities (collectively, investment-oriented products) are generally deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of estimated gross profits to be realized over the expected lives of the contracts, except in instances where significant negative gross profits are expected in one or more periods. Investment oriented products have a long duration and a disclosed crediting interest rate. Total gross profits include both actual gross profits and estimates of gross profits for future periods. Estimated gross profits include current and projected interest rates, net investment income and spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender rates, mortality experience and equity market returns and volatility. In estimating future gross profits, lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on DAC amortization. For fixed index annuity contracts, the future spread between investment income and interest credited to policyholders is a significant judgment, particularly in a low interest rate environment. We regularly evaluate our assumptions used for estimated gross profits. If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change, DAC and related reserves, including VOBA, DSI, guaranteed benefit reserves and unearned revenue reserve (URR), are recalculated using the new assumptions, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. Updating such assumptions may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization in other products. 
 In estimating future gross profits for variable annuity products as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , a long-term annual asset growth assumption of 7.0 percent (before expenses that reduce the asset base from which future fees are projected) was applied to estimate the future growth in assets and related asset-based fees. In determining the asset growth rate, the effect of short-term fluctuations in the equity markets is partially mitigated through the use of a reversion to the mean methodology, whereby short-term asset growth above or below the long-term annual rate assumption impacts the growth assumption applied to the five-year period subsequent to the current balance sheet date. The reversion to the mean methodology allows us to maintain our long-term growth assumptions, while also giving consideration to the effect of actual investment performance. When actual performance significantly deviates from the annual long-term growth assumption, as evidenced by growth assumptions for the five-year reversion to the mean period falling below a certain rate (floor) or above a certain rate (cap) for a sustained period, judgment may be applied to revise or unlock the growth rate assumptions to be used for both the five-year reversion to the mean period as well as the long-term annual growth assumption applied to subsequent periods. 
 For additional information, see Insurance Reserves Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC DAC Reversion to the Mean. 
 56 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

The following table summarizes the sensitivity of changes in certain assumptions for DAC and DSI, embedded derivatives and other reserves related to guaranteed benefits and URR, measured as the related hypothetical impact on December 31, 2022 balances and the resulting hypothetical impact on pre-tax income, before hedging. 
 Increase (Decrease) in December 31, 2022 DAC/DSI Asset Other Reserves Related to Guaranteed Benefits Unearned Revenue Reserve Embedded Derivatives Related to Guaranteed Benefits Pre-Tax Income (in millions) Assumptions: Net Investment Spread 
 Effect of an increase by 10 basis points 142 (54) (4) (98) 298 Effect of a decrease by 10 basis points (151) 54 2 101 (308) Equity Return (a) 
 Effect of an increase by 1 
 98 (53) (21) 172 Effect of a decrease by 1 
 (96) 62 30 (188) Volatility (b) 
 Effect of an increase by 1 
 (3) 24 (51) 24 Effect of a decrease by 1 
 3 (23) 55 (29) Interest Rate (c) 
 Effect of an increase by 1 
 (1,590) 1,590 Effect of a decrease by 1 
 2,070 (2,070) Mortality Effect of an increase by 1 
 (6) 43 (34) (15) Effect of a decrease by 1 
 7 (43) 34 16 Lapse Effect of an increase by 10 
 (113) (116) (27) (80) 110 Effect of a decrease by 10 
 117 120 27 73 (103) 
 (a) Represents the net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in long-term equity returns for GMDB reserves and net impact of a one percent increase or decrease in the S P 500 index on the value of the GMWB embedded derivative. 
 (b) Represents the net impact of a one percentage point increase or decrease in equity volatility. 
 (c) Represents the net impact of one percent parallel shift in the yield curve on the value of the GMWB embedded derivative. Does not represent interest rate spread compression on investment-oriented products. 
 The sensitivity ranges of 10 basis points, one percent and 10 percent are included for illustrative purposes only and do not reflect the changes in net investment spreads, equity return, volatility, interest rate, mortality or lapse used by AIG in its fair value analyses or estimates of future gross profits to value DAC and related reserves. Changes different from those illustrated may occur in any period and by different products. 
 The analysis of DAC, embedded derivatives and other reserves related to guaranteed benefits, and unearned revenue reserve is a dynamic process that considers all relevant factors and assumptions described above. We estimate each of the above factors individually, without the effect of any correlation among the key assumptions. An assessment of sensitivity associated with changes in any single assumption would not necessarily be an indicator of future results. The effects on pre-tax income in the sensitivity analysis table above do not reflect the related effects from our economic hedging program, which utilizes derivative and other financial instruments and is designed so that changes in value of those instruments move in the opposite direction of changes in the guaranteed benefit embedded derivative liabilities. 
 For additional information on guaranteed benefit features of our variable annuities and the related hedging program, see Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risks Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks Variable Annuity, Fixed Index Annuity and Index Universal Life Risk Management and Hedging Programs, Insurance Reserves Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results, and Notes 4, 8 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For additional information on actuarial assumption updates, see Insurance Reserves Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC Update of Actuarial Assumptions and Models Investment-Oriented Products. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 57 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

REINSURANCE ASSETS 
 In the ordinary course of business, our insurance companies may use both treaty and facultative reinsurance to minimize their net loss exposure to any single catastrophic loss event or to an accumulation of losses from a number of smaller events or to provide greater diversification of our businesses. Reinsurance assets include the balances due from reinsurance and insurance companies under the terms of our reinsurance agreements for paid and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, ceded unearned premiums and ceded future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts and benefits paid and unpaid. The estimation of reinsurance recoverables involves a significant amount of judgment. Reinsurance assets include reinsurance recoverables on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses that are estimated as part of our loss reserving process and, consequently, are subject to similar judgments and uncertainties as the estimation of gross loss reserves. For additional information on reinsurance, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 GOODWILL IMPAIRMENT 
 Goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising from assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Goodwill is tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate an impairment may have occurred. A qualitative assessment may be performed, considering whether events or circumstances exist that lead to a determination that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of an operating segment is less than its carrying value. If management elects to perform a quantitative assessment to determine recoverability of carrying value or is compelled to do so based on the results of a qualitative assessment, the estimate of fair value involves applying one or a combination of common valuation approaches. These include discounted expected future cash flows, market-based earnings multiples and external appraisals, among other methods, all of which require management judgment and are subject to uncertainty, primarily as it relates to assumptions around business growth, earnings projections, and cost of capital. 
 For additional information on goodwill impairment, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Estimates and Assumptions and Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON CERTAIN INVESTMENTS 
 We maintain an allowance for the expected lifetime credit losses of commercial and residential mortgage loans and available for sale securities. The sufficiency of this allowance is reviewed quarterly using both quantitative and qualitative considerations, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. These considerations and the overall methodology used to estimate the allowance for credit losses are discussed in more detail in Note 5 and Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for Available for sale securities and Commercial and residential loans, respectively. 
 
 FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF CERTAIN FINANCIAL ASSETS AND FINANCIAL LIABILITIES 
 Assets and liabilities recorded at fair value in the Consolidated Balance Sheets are measured and classified in a hierarchy for disclosure purposes consisting of three levels based on the observability of inputs available in the marketplace used to measure the fair value. We classify fair value measurements for certain assets and liabilities as Level 3 when they require significant unobservable inputs in their valuation. We consider unobservable inputs to be those for which market data is not available. Our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement of an asset or liability requires judgment. 
 For additional information about the valuation methodologies of financial instruments measured at fair value, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 58 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Critical Accounting Estimates 

INCOME TAXES 
 Deferred income taxes represent the tax effect of the differences between the amounts recorded in our Consolidated Financial Statements and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. Our assessment of net deferred income taxes represents management s best estimate of the tax consequences of various events and transactions, which can themselves be based on other accounting estimates, resulting in incremental uncertainty in the estimation process. 
 Deferred Tax Asset Recoverability 
 The evaluation of the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance requires us to weigh all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion that it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. The weight given to the evidence is commensurate with the extent to which it can be objectively verified. As such, changes in tax laws in countries where we transact business can impact our deferred tax asset valuation allowance. We consider multiple factors to reliably estimate future taxable income so we can determine the extent of our ability to realize net operating losses, foreign tax credits, realized capital loss and other carryforwards. These factors include forecasts of future income for each of our businesses, which incorporate forecasts of future statutory income for our insurance companies, and actual and planned business and operational changes, both of which include assumptions about future macroeconomic and AIG-specific conditions and events. We subject the forecasts to stresses of key assumptions and evaluate the effect on tax attribute utilization. We also apply stresses to our assumptions about the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. In performing our assessment of recoverability, we consider tax laws governing the utilization of net operating loss, capital loss and foreign tax credit carryforwards in each applicable jurisdiction. These tax laws are subject to change, resulting in incremental uncertainty in our assessment of recoverability. 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 Uncertain tax positions represent AIG s liability for income taxes on tax years subject to review by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) or other tax authorities. We determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained, based on technical merits, upon examination by the relevant taxing authorities before any part of the benefit can be recognized in the financial statements. A tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely to be realized upon settlement. The completion of review, or the expiration of federal statute of limitations for a given audit period could result in an adjustment to the liability for income taxes. 
 For a discussion of our framework for assessing the recoverability of our deferred tax asset and other tax topics, see Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 59 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Executive Summary 

Executive Summary 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 This overview of the MD A highlights selected information and may not contain all of the information that is important to current or potential investors in our securities. You should read this Annual Report in its entirety for a more detailed description of events, trends, uncertainties, risks and critical accounting estimates affecting us. 
 For additional information, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Separation of Life and Retirement Business 
 On September 19, 2022, AIG closed on the initial public offering (IPO) of 80 million shares of Corebridge Financial, Inc. (Corebridge) common stock at a public offering price of 21.00 per share, representing 12.4 percent of Corebridge's common stock. Corebridge is the holding company for AIG s Life and Retirement business. The aggregate gross proceeds of the offering to AIG, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses payable by AIG, were approximately 1.7 billion. After consideration of underwriting discounts, commissions and other related expenses payable by AIG, AIG recorded 608 million as an increase in AIG s shareholder s equity. 
 Relationship with Blackstone Inc. 
 In November 2021, AIG and Blackstone Inc. (Blackstone) completed the acquisition by Blackstone of a 9.9 percent equity stake in Corebridge. 
 In 2021, AIG entered into a long-term asset management relationship with Blackstone, pursuant to which Blackstone is initially managing 50 billion of Corebridge s existing investment portfolio, with that amount increasing to an aggregate of 92.5 billion over the next five years. 
 On December 15, 2021, AIG and Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust (BREIT), a long-term, perpetual capital vehicle affiliated with Blackstone, completed the acquisition by BREIT of AIG s interests in a U.S. affordable housing portfolio. The historical results of the U.S. affordable housing portfolio were reported in our Life and Retirement operating segments. 
 
 Our Investment Management Agreements with BlackRock 
 Since April 2022, AIG and Corebridge insurance company subsidiaries have entered into separate investment management agreements with BlackRock. Certain additional insurance company subsidiaries will also enter into such investment management agreements over the coming months. We have since transferred the management of approximately 162 billion of our investments in liquid fixed income and certain private placement assets, including 98 billion of the Corebridge investment portfolio, to BlackRock under such investment management agreements as of December 31, 2022. The investment management agreements contain detailed investment guidelines and reporting requirements. These agreements also contain reasonable and customary representations and warranties, standard of care, expense reimbursement, liability, indemnity and other provisions. The investment management agreements continue unless terminated by either party on 45 days notice or by us immediately for cause. We continue to be responsible for our overall investment portfolio, including decisions surrounding asset allocation, risk composition and investment strategy. 
 
 Sale of Certain AIG Life and Retirement Retail Mutual Funds Business 
 On July 16, 2021, AIG announced the closing of the sale of certain assets of Life and Retirement's Retail Mutual Funds business to Touchstone Investments (Touchstone), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Western Southern Financial Group. Upon closing, the twelve retail mutual funds managed by SunAmerica Asset Management, LLC (SAAMCo), with 6.8 billion in assets, were reorganized into Touchstone funds. 
 Sale of Fortitude Holdings 
 On June 2, 2020, we completed the sale of a majority of the interests in Fortitude Group Holdings, LLC (Fortitude Holdings) to Carlyle FRL, L.P. (Carlyle FRL), an investment fund advised by an affiliate of The Carlyle Group Inc. (Carlyle), and T D United Capital Co., Ltd. (T D), a subsidiary of T D Holdings, Inc., under the terms of a membership interest purchase agreement entered into on November 25, 2019 by and among AIG, Fortitude Holdings, Carlyle FRL, Carlyle, T D and T D Holdings, Inc. (the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale). As a result of completion of the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale, AIG received 2.2 billion of proceeds and recorded a total after-tax reduction to total AIG shareholders equity of 4.3 billion related to the sale of the majority interest in and deconsolidation of Fortitude Holdings in the second quarter of 2020. 
 60 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Executive Summary 

 AIG S OUTLOOK INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 
 Our business is affected by industry and economic factors such as interest rates, currency exchange rates, credit and equity market conditions, catastrophic claims events, regulation, tax policy, competition, and general economic, market and political conditions. We continued to operate under challenging market conditions in 2022, characterized by factors such as the impact of COVID-19 and the related governmental and societal responses, rising interest rates, inflationary pressures, an uneven global economic recovery and global trade tensions. Responses by central banks and monetary authorities with respect to inflation, growth concerns and other macroeconomic factors have also affected global exchange rates and volatility. 
 Russia/Ukraine Conflict 
 The Russia/Ukraine conflict began in February 2022. The conflict has and may continue to have a significant impact on the global macroeconomic and geopolitical environments, including increased volatility in capital and commodity markets, rapid changes to regulatory conditions around the globe including the use of sanctions, operational challenges for multinational corporations, inflationary pressures and an increased risk of cybersecurity incidents. 
 The conflict is evolving and has the potential to adversely affect our business and results of operations from an investment, underwriting and operational perspective. While we believe we have taken appropriate actions to minimize related risk, we continue to monitor potential exposure and operational impacts, as well as any actual and potential claims activity. The ultimate impact will depend on future developments that are uncertain and cannot be predicted, including scope, severity and duration, the governmental, legislative and regulatory actions taken (including the application of sanctions), and court decisions, if any, rendered in response to those actions. 
 Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment and Equity Markets 
 Key U.S. benchmark rates continued to rise during 2022 as markets reacted to heightened inflation measures, geopolitical risk, and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System implementing multiple increases to short term interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, due to increases in benchmark rates, combined with general widening of credit spreads, the yield on new investments has generally exceeded the yield on asset maturities and redemptions. The yield pick-up of new investments over the yields on asset maturities and redemptions averaged 70 basis points during 2022. This combined with resetting of coupon rates on floating rate securities and loans has steadily improved the overall portfolio yields. However, the key benchmark rates remain highly volatile. We actively manage our exposure to the interest rate environment through portfolio selection and asset-liability management, including spread management strategies for our investment-oriented products and economic hedging of interest rate risk from guarantee features in our variable and fixed index annuities, but we may not be able to fully mitigate our interest rate risk by matching exposure of our assets relative to our liabilities. 
 
 Equity Markets 
 Our financial results are impacted by the performance of equity markets, which impacts the performance of our alternative investment portfolio, fee income, net amount at risk, policyholder benefits and DAC. For instance, in our variable annuity separate accounts, mutual fund assets and brokerage and advisory assets, we generally earn fee income based on the account value, which fluctuates with the equity markets as a significant amount of these assets are invested in equity funds. The impact of equity market returns, both increases and decreases, is reflected in our results due to the impact on the account value and the fair values of equity-exposed securities in our Life and Retirement investment portfolio. 
 In Life and Retirement, hedging costs could also be significantly impacted by changes in the level of equity markets as rebalancing and option costs are tied to the equity market volatility, and we may be required to post additional collateral when equity markets are higher. These hedging costs are mostly offset by our rider fees that are tied to the level of the Chicago Board Options Exchange Volatility Index. As rebalancing and option costs increase or decrease, the rider fees will increase or decrease partially offsetting the hedging costs incurred. 
 Alternative investments include private equity funds which are generally reported on a one-quarter lag. Accordingly, changes in valuations driven by equity market conditions during the fourth quarter of 2022 may impact the private equity investments in the alternative investments portfolio in the first quarter of 2023. 
 Annuity Sales and Surrenders 
 The rising rate environment and our partnership with Blackstone have provided a strong tailwind for fixed annuity sales with sales in the three to five year products significantly increasing. Continued rising interest rates could create the potential for increased sales, but also drives higher surrenders. Fixed annuities have surrender charge periods, generally in the three-to-seven year range. Fixed index annuities have surrender charge periods, generally in the five-to-ten year range, and within our Group Retirement segment, certain of our fixed investment options are subject to other withdrawal restrictions, which may help mitigate increased early surrenders in a rising rate environment. In addition, older contracts that have higher minimum interest rates and continue to be attractive to contract holders have driven better than expected persistency in fixed annuities, although the reserves for such contracts have 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 61 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Executive Summary 

 continued to decrease over time in amount and as a percentage of the total annuity portfolio. We closely monitor surrenders of fixed annuities as contracts with lower minimum interest rates come out of the surrender charge period. 
 Reinvestment and Spread Management 
 We actively monitor fixed income markets, including the level of interest rates, credit spreads and the shape of the yield curve. We also frequently review our interest rate assumptions and actively manage the crediting rates used for new and in-force business. Business strategies continue to evolve and we attempt to maintain profitability of the overall business in light of the interest rate environment. A rising interest rate environment results in improved yields on new investments and improves margins for our Life and Retirement business while also making certain products, such as fixed annuities, more attractive to potential customers. However, the rising rate environment has resulted in lower values on general and separate accounts assets, mutual fund assets and brokerage and advisory assets that hold investments in fixed income assets. 
 For additional information on our investment and asset-liability management strategies, see Investments. 
 For investment-oriented products, including universal life insurance, and variable, fixed and fixed index annuities, in our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional Markets businesses, our spread management strategies include disciplined pricing and product design for new business, modifying or limiting the sale of products that do not achieve targeted spreads, using asset-liability management to match assets to liabilities to the extent practicable, and actively managing crediting rates to help mitigate some of the pressure on investment spreads. Renewal crediting rate management is done under contractual provisions that were designed to allow crediting rates to be reset at pre-established intervals in accordance with state and federal laws and subject to minimum crediting rate guarantees. We expect to continue to adjust crediting rates on in-force business, as appropriate, to be responsive to a rising rate environment. As interest rates rise, we may need to raise crediting rates on in-force business for competitive and other reasons, potentially offsetting a portion of the additional investment income resulting from investing in a higher interest rate environment. 
 Of the aggregate fixed account values of our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement annuity products, 64 percent were crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate as of December 31, 2022. The percentage of fixed account values of our annuity products that are currently crediting at rates above one percent were 55 percent and 58 percent as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the universal life products in our Life Insurance business, 62 percent and 67 percent of the account values were crediting at the contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These businesses continue to focus on pricing discipline and strategies to manage the minimum guaranteed interest crediting rates offered on new sales in the context of regulatory requirements and competitive positioning. 
 The following table presents fixed annuity and universal life account values of our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement and Life Insurance operating segments by contractual minimum guaranteed interest rate and current crediting rates, excluding balances ceded to Fortitude Re: 
 Current Crediting Rates December 31, 2022 1-50 Basis More than 50 Contractual Minimum Guaranteed At Contractual Points Above Basis Points Interest Rate Minimum Minimum Above Minimum (in millions) Guarantee Guarantee Guarantee Total Individual Retirement 1 - 2 4,208 24 2,195 6,427 > 2 - 3 9,502 17 9,519 > 3 - 4 7,630 40 6 7,676 > 4 - 5 456 5 461 > 5 - 5.5 33 4 37 Total Individual Retirement 30,595 2,225 23,929 56,749 Group Retirement 1 - 2 5,628 727 150 6,505 > 2 - 3 13,967 3 13,970 > 3 - 4 666 666 > 4 - 5 6,843 6,843 > 5 - 5.5 154 154 Total Group Retirement 30,869 2,157 5,759 38,785 
 62 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Executive Summary 

 Current Crediting Rates December 31, 2022 1-50 Basis More than 50 Contractual Minimum Guaranteed At Contractual Points Above Basis Points Interest Rate Minimum Minimum Above Minimum (in millions) Guarantee Guarantee Guarantee Total Universal life insurance 1 - 2 1 129 352 482 > 2 - 3 32 831 1,116 1,979 > 3 - 4 1,368 180 195 1,743 > 4 - 5 2,974 2,974 > 5 - 5.5 223 223 Total universal life insurance 4,598 1,140 1,663 7,401 Total 66,062 5,522 31,351 102,935 Percentage of total 64 5 31 100 
 Individual Retirement and Group Retirement amounts shown include fixed options within variable annuity products. 
 
 General Insurance 
 Our net investment income is significantly impacted by market interest rates as well as the deployment of asset allocation strategies to manage duration, enhance yield and manage interest rate risk. As interest rates increase, so too does our ability to reinvest future cash inflows from premiums, as well as sales and maturities of existing investments, at more favorable rates. For additional information on our investment and asset-liability management strategies, see Investments. 
 While the impact of rising interest rates on our General Insurance segment increases the benefit of investment income, the current and medium-term inflationary environment may also translate into higher loss cost trends. We monitor these trends closely, particularly loss cost trend uncertainty, to ensure that not only our pricing, but also our loss reserving assumptions are proactive to, and considerate of, current and future economic conditions. 
 For our General Insurance segment loss reserves, rising interest rates may favorably impact the statutory net loss reserve discount for workers compensation and its associated amortization. 
 Impact of Currency Volatility 
 Currency volatility remains acute. Strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Euro, British pound and the Japanese yen (the Major Currencies) impacts income for our businesses with substantial international operations. In particular, growth trends in net premiums written reported in U.S. dollars can differ significantly from those measured in original currencies. The net effect on underwriting results, however, is significantly mitigated, as both revenues and expenses are similarly affected. 
 These currencies may continue to fluctuate, especially as a result of central bank responses to inflation, concerns regarding future economic growth and other macroeconomic factors, and such fluctuations will affect net premiums written growth trends reported in U.S. dollars, as well as financial statement line item comparability. 
 General Insurance businesses are transacted in most major foreign currencies. The following table presents the average of the quarterly weighted average exchange rates of the Major Currencies, which have the most significant impact on our businesses: 
 Years Ended December 31, Percentage Change Rate for 1 USD 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Currency: GBP 0.81 0.73 0.78 11 (6) EUR 0.95 0.84 0.88 13 (5) JPY 129.67 108.92 107.23 19 2 
 Unless otherwise noted, references to the effects of foreign exchange in the General Insurance discussion of results of operations are with respect to movements in the Major Currencies included in the preceding table. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 63 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following section provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated results of operations on a reported basis for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022. Factors that relate primarily to a specific business are discussed in more detail within the business segment operations section. 
 For information regarding the Critical Accounting Estimates that affect our results of operations, see Critical Accounting Estimates. For information regarding AIG s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2020 and the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Consolidated Results of Operations of our 2021 Annual Report. 
 The following table presents our consolidated results of operations and other key financial metrics: 
 Years Ended December 31, Percentage Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs. 2021 2021 vs. 2020 Revenues: Premiums 31,857 31,259 28,523 2 10 Policy fees 2,972 3,051 2,917 (3) 5 Net investment income: Net investment income - excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld assets 10,824 12,641 12,578 (14) 1 Net investment income - Fortitude Re funds withheld assets 943 1,971 1,053 (52) 87 Total net investment income 11,767 14,612 13,631 (19) 7 Net realized gains (losses): Net realized gains (losses) - excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld assets and embedded derivative 1,996 1,751 (56) 14 NM Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (486) 1,003 463 NM 117 Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative 7,481 (603) (2,645) NM 77 Total net realized gains (losses) 8,991 2,151 (2,238) 318 NM Other income 850 984 903 (14) 9 Total revenues 56,437 52,057 43,736 8 19 Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 22,771 24,388 24,806 (7) (2) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 3,709 3,557 3,622 4 (2) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 4,970 4,573 4,211 9 9 General operating and other expenses 9,195 8,790 8,396 5 5 Interest expense 1,125 1,305 1,457 (14) (10) Loss on extinguishment of debt 303 389 12 (22) NM Net (gain) loss on divestitures and other 82 (3,044) 8,525 NM NM Total benefits, losses and expenses 42,155 39,958 51,029 5 (22) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) 14,282 12,099 (7,293) 18 NM Income tax expense (benefit): Current 517 (45) 217 NM NM Deferred 2,489 2,221 (1,677) 12 NM Income tax expense (benefit) 3,006 2,176 (1,460) 38 NM Income (loss) from continuing operations 11,276 9,923 (5,833) 14 NM Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes (1) 4 NM NM Net income (loss) 11,275 9,923 (5,829) 14 NM Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 999 535 115 87 365 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG 10,276 9,388 (5,944) 9 NM Less: Dividends on preferred stock 29 29 29 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders 10,247 9,359 (5,973) 9 NM 
 64 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Return on common equity 21.0 14.5 (9.4) Adjusted return on common equity 6.5 8.6 4.4 

(in millions, except per common share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Balance sheet data: Total assets 526,634 596,112 Short-term and long-term debt 21,299 23,741 Debt of consolidated investment entities 5,880 6,422 Total AIG shareholders equity 40,002 65,956 Book value per common share 53.83 79.97 Adjusted book value per common share 73.87 68.83 
 
 NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO AIG COMMON SHAREHOLDERS COMPARISON FOR 2022 AND 2021 
 Net income attributable to AIG common shareholders increased 888 million due to the following, on a pre-tax basis: 
 an increase in Net realized gains on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative of 8.1 billion driven by interest rate movements, partially offset by losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets of 486 million in 2022 compared to a gain of 1.0 billion in 2021; 
 higher underwriting income in General Insurance of 1.1 billion, including 86 million attributable to eliminating the international reporting lag, reflecting the continued earn-in of positive rate change, strong renewal retentions and new business production, as well as increased favorable prior year development and lower catastrophe losses. Underwriting income was negatively impacted by unfavorable movements in foreign exchange. For additional information on the elimination of the international reporting lag, see Note 1 to the to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 lower interest expense of 180 million primarily driven by interest savings of 225 million from 9.4 billion debt repurchases, through cash tender offers and debt redemptions in 2022 as well as 92 million from 3.6 billion of debt repurchases, through cash tender offers and debt redemptions in 2021, as well as interest savings of 100 million on debt borrowing due to the sale of Affordable Housing in 2021. These decreases are partially offset by interest expense of 240 million on 6.5 billion Corebridge senior unsecured notes, 1.5 billion draw down on Corebridge DDTL facility and 1.0 billion junior subordinated debt issued by Corebridge in 2022. 
 The increase in Net income attributable to AIG common shareholders was partially offset by the following, on a pre-tax basis: 
 lower net gains on divestitures and other due to loss of 82 million in 2022 compared with net gains on divestitures and other in 2021 due to the recognition of billion gain from the sale of the Affordable Housing portfolio and 102 million gain from the sale of certain assets of the Retail Mutual Funds business in 2021. 
 lower net investment income of 2.8 billion primarily driven by lower returns on our alternative investments of 1.9 billion and declines in fair value of fixed maturity securities where we elected the fair value option of 810 million as a result of the higher rate environment and negative equity market performance. 
 higher income attributable to noncontrolling interest of 464 million driven by the sale of 9.9 percent interest of Corebridge to Blackstone in December 2021 and the percent IPO of Corebridge in September 2022. 
 a decrease in Net realized gains excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld assets and embedded derivative of 245 million, driven by a 2.9 billion increase in derivative and hedge activity and gains on variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of hedging, partially offset by losses on sales of securities of 1.1 billion and sales of alternative investments and real estate of 795 million, unfavorable movement in the allowance for credit losses on fixed maturity securities and loans of 421 million and absence of realized gains related to Affordable Housing portfolio sale in 2021 of 219 million. 
 The 830 million increase in income tax expense was primarily attributable to higher income from continuing operations. 
 
 INCOME TAX EXPENSE ANALYSIS 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effective tax rate on income (loss) from continuing operations was 21.0 percent and 18.0 percent, respectively. 
 For additional information, see Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 65 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Consolidated Results of Operations 

U.S. TAX LAW CHANGES 
 On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (H.R. 5376), which finances climate and energy provisions and an extension of enhanced subsidies under the Affordable Care Act. Key provisions include a 15 percent corporate alternative minimum tax (CAMT) on adjusted financial statement income for corporations with average profits over 1 billion over a three-year period, a 1 percent stock buyback tax, increased IRS enforcement funding, and Medicare's new ability to negotiate prescription drug prices. CAMT and the stock buyback tax are effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2022. The tax provisions of IRA are not expected to have a material impact on AIG s financial results. However, the CAMT may impact our U.S. cash tax liabilities. 
 For additional information, see Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Book value per common share to Adjusted book value per common share, which is a non-GAAP measure. For additional information, see Use of Non-GAAP Measures. 
 At December 31, (in millions, except per common share data) 2022 2021 2020 Total AIG shareholders' equity 40,002 65,956 66,362 Preferred equity 485 485 485 Total AIG common shareholders' equity 39,517 65,471 65,877 Less: Deferred tax assets 4,518 5,221 7,907 Less: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (22,092) 6,687 13,511 Add: Cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (2,862) 2,791 4,657 Subtotal: AOCI plus cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (19,230) 3,896 8,854 Adjusted common shareholders' equity 54,229 56,354 49,116 Total common shares outstanding 734.1 818.7 861.6 Book value per common share 53.83 79.97 76.46 Adjusted book value per common share 73.87 68.83 57.01 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Return on common equity to Adjusted return on common equity, which is a non-GAAP measure. For additional information, see Use of Non-GAAP Measures. 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Actual or annualized net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders 10,247 9,359 (5,973) Actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG common shareholders 3,586 4,430 2,201 Average AIG common shareholders' equity 48,769 64,704 63,225 Less: Average DTA 4,739 7,025 8,437 Less: Average AOCI (12,551) 9,096 7,529 Add: Average cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (1,053) 3,200 2,653 Subtotal: AOCI plus cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (11,498) 5,896 4,876 Average adjusted AIG common shareholders' equity 55,528 51,783 49,912 Return on common equity 21.0 14.5 (9.4) Adjusted return on common equity 6.5 8.6 4.4 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of revenues to adjusted revenues: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues 56,437 52,057 43,736 Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (55) (60) (56) Changes in the fair value of equity securities 53 237 (200) Other (income) expense - net 29 24 (49) Net investment income on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (943) (1,971) (1,053) Net realized (gains) losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets 486 (1,003) (463) Net realized (gains) losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative (7,481) 603 2,645 
 66 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Consolidated Results of Operations 

Net realized (gains) losses (a) 
 (1,731) (1,585) 148 Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements (49) (23) Net impact from elimination of international reporting lag (b) 
 (978) Adjusted revenues 45,768 48,302 44,685 
 (a) Includes all net realized gains and losses except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication and net realized gains and losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets. 
 (b) For additional information, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of pre-tax income (loss)/net income (loss) attributable to AIG to adjusted pre-tax income (loss)/adjusted after-tax income (loss) attributable to AIG: 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions, except per common share data) Pre-tax Total Tax (Benefit) Charge Non- controlling Interests (e) 
 After Tax Pre-tax Total Tax (Benefit) Charge Non- controlling Interests (e) 
 After Tax Pre-tax Total Tax (Benefit) Charge Non- controlling Interests (e) 
 After Tax Pre-tax income (loss)/net income (loss), including noncontrolling interests 14,282 3,006 11,275 12,099 2,176 9,923 (7,293) (1,460) (5,829) Noncontrolling interests (999) (999) (535) (535) (115) (115) Pre-tax income (loss)/net income (loss) attributable to AIG 14,282 3,006 (999) 10,276 12,099 2,176 (535) 9,388 (7,293) (1,460) (115) (5,944) Dividends on preferred stock 29 29 29 Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders 10,247 9,359 (5,973) Changes in uncertain tax positions and other tax adjustments (a) 
 22 (22) 998 (998) 132 (132) Deferred income tax valuation allowance (releases) charges (b) 
 25 (25) (718) 718 65 (65) Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (30) (6) (24) (61) (13) (48) (41) (9) (32) Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and DSI related to net realized gains (losses) 308 65 243 52 11 41 (12) (3) (9) Changes in the fair value of equity securities 53 11 42 237 49 188 (200) (42) (158) Loss on extinguishment of debt 303 64 239 389 82 307 12 2 10 Net investment income on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (943) (198) (745) (1,971) (414) (1,557) (1,053) (221) (832) Net realized (gains) losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets 486 102 384 (1,003) (211) (792) (463) (98) (365) Net realized (gains) losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative (7,481) (1,571) (5,910) 603 126 477 2,645 555 2,090 Net realized (gains) losses (c) 
 (1,750) (367) (1,383) (1,623) (341) (1,282) 97 22 75 (Income) loss from discontinued operations 1 (4) Net loss (gain) on divestitures and other 82 17 65 (3,044) (650) (2,394) 8,525 1,610 6,915 Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements (41) (9) (32) 3 1 2 (21) (4) (17) Favorable prior year development and related amortization changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements (160) (34) (126) (186) (39) (147) (221) (46) (175) Net loss reserve discount (benefit) charge (703) (148) (555) (193) (40) (153) 516 109 407 Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to former employees 60 13 47 34 7 27 Integration and transaction costs associated with acquiring or divesting businesses 194 41 153 83 18 65 12 3 9 Restructuring and other costs 570 120 450 433 91 342 435 91 344 Non-recurring costs related to regulatory or accounting changes 37 8 29 68 15 53 65 14 51 Net impact from elimination of international reporting lag (d) 
 (127) (27) (100) Noncontrolling interests (e) 
 608 608 222 222 62 62 Adjusted pre-tax income/Adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG common shareholders 5,140 1,134 (391) 3,586 5,920 1,148 (313) 4,430 3,003 720 (53) 2,201 Weighted average diluted shares outstanding (f) 
 787.9 864.9 869.3 Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG common shareholders (diluted) (f) 
 13.01 10.82 (6.88) Adjusted after-tax income per common share attributable to AIG common shareholders (diluted) (f) 
 4.55 5.12 2.52 
 (a) The years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 include the completion of audit activity by the IRS. The year ended December 31, 2020 also includes the write-down of net operating loss deferred tax assets in certain foreign jurisdictions, which is offset by valuation allowance release. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 67 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Consolidated Results of Operations 

(b) The years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 include valuation allowance established against a portion of certain tax attribute carryforwards of AIG's U.S. federal consolidated income tax group, as well as valuation allowance changes in certain foreign jurisdictions. 
 (c) Includes all net realized gains and losses except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication and net realized gains and losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets. 
 (d) For additional information, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (e) Includes the portion of equity interest of non-operating income of Corebridge and consolidated investment entities that AIG does not own. Prior to June 2, 2020, noncontrolling interests was primarily due to the 19.9 percent investment in Fortitude Holdings by an affiliate of Carlyle, which occurred in the fourth quarter of 2018. 
 (f) For the year ended December 31, 2020, because we reported a net loss attributable to AIG common shareholders, all common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and are therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted shares and diluted per share amounts. However, because we reported adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG common shareholders, the calculation of adjusted after-tax income per diluted share attributable to AIG common shareholders includes 5,401,597 dilutive shares for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 PRE-TAX INCOME (LOSS) COMPARISON FOR 2022 AND 2021 
 Pre-tax income was 14.3 billion in 2022 compared to 12.1 billion in 2021. 
 For the main drivers impacting AIG s results of operations, see Net Income (Loss) Attributable to AIG Common Shareholders above. 
 ADJUSTED PRE-TAX INCOME (LOSS) COMPARISON FOR 2022 AND 2021 
 Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) was 5.1 billion in 2022 compared to 5.9 billion in 2021. 
 For the main drivers impacting AIG s adjusted pre-tax income (loss), see Business Segment Operations - General Insurance, Business Segment Operations - Life and Retirement, and Business Segment Operations - Other Operations. 

Business Segment Operations 
 Our business operations consist of General Insurance, Life and Retirement, and Other Operations. 
 General Insurance consists of two operating segments: North America and International. Life and Retirement consists of four operating segments: Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional Markets. Other Operations is primarily comprised of corporate, our institutional asset management business and consolidation and eliminations. 
 For information regarding AIG s results of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Business Segment Operations of our 2021 Annual Report. 
 The following table summarizes Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) from our business segment operations. See also Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 General Insurance North America - Underwriting income (loss) 648 (47) (1,301) International - Underwriting income 1,400 1,102 277 Net investment income 2,382 3,304 2,925 General Insurance 4,430 4,359 1,901 Life and Retirement Individual Retirement 1,222 1,939 1,938 Group Retirement 749 1,284 1,013 Life Insurance 337 106 142 Institutional Markets 349 582 438 Life and Retirement 2,657 3,911 3,531 Other Operations Other Operations before consolidation and eliminations (1,542) (1,418) (1,963) Consolidation and eliminations (405) (932) (466) Other Operations (1,947) (2,350) (2,429) Adjusted pre-tax income 5,140 5,920 3,003 
 68 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | General Insurance 

General Insurance 
 General Insurance is managed by our geographic markets of North America and International. Our global presence is underpinned by our multinational capabilities to provide our Commercial Lines and Personal Insurance products within these geographic markets. PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
 North America consists of insurance businesses in the United States, Canada and Bermuda, and our global reinsurance business, AIG Re. 
 
 International consists of regional insurance businesses in Japan, the United Kingdom, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA region), Asia Pacific, Latin America and Caribbean, and China. International also includes the results of Talbot Holdings, Ltd. as well as AIG s Global Specialty business. 
 
 Property: Products include commercial and industrial property, including business interruption, as well as package insurance products and services that cover exposures to man-made and natural disasters. 
 Liability: Products include general liability, environmental, commercial automobile liability, workers compensation, excess casualty and crisis management insurance products. Casualty also includes risk-sharing and other customized structured programs for large corporate and multinational customers. 
 Financial Lines: Products include professional liability insurance for a range of businesses and risks, including directors and officers, mergers and acquisitions, fidelity, employment practices, fiduciary liability, cyber risk, kidnap and ransom, and errors and omissions insurance. 
 Specialty: Products include marine, energy-related property insurance products, aviation, political risk, trade credit, trade finance and portfolio solutions, as well as our global reinsurance business AIG Re and Crop Risk Services which includes multi-peril and hail coverages. 
 Accident Health: Products include voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident and supplemental health products for individuals, employees, associations and other organizations, as well as a broad range of travel insurance products and services for leisure and business travelers. 
 Personal Lines: Products include personal auto and personal property in selected markets, comprehensive extended warranty, device protection insurance, home warranty and related services, and insurance for high net-worth individuals offered through AIG s Private Client Group (PCG) in the U.S. that covers auto, homeowners, umbrella, yacht, fine art and collections. 
 
 General Insurance products in North America and International markets are distributed through various channels, including captive and independent agents, brokers, affinity partners, airlines and travel agents, and retailers. Our global platform enables writing multinational and cross-border risks in both Commercial Lines and Personal Insurance. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 69 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | General Insurance 

BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 
 Profitable Growth: Build on our high-quality portfolio by focusing on targeted growth through continued underwriting discipline, improved retentions and new business development. Deploy capital efficiently to act opportunistically and achieve growth in profitable lines, geographies and customer segments, while taking a disciplined underwriting approach to exposure management, terms and conditions and rate change to achieve our risk/return hurdles. Continue to be open to inorganic growth opportunities in profitable markets and segments to expand our capabilities and footprint. 
 Reinsurance Optimization: Strategically partner with reinsurers to effectively manage exposure to losses arising from frequency of large catastrophic events and severity from individual risk losses. We strive to optimize our reinsurance program to manage volatility and protect the balance sheet from tail events and unpredictable net losses in support of our profitable growth objectives. 
 Underwriting Excellence: Continue to enhance portfolio optimization through strength of underwriting framework and guidelines as well as clear communication of risk appetite and rate adequacy. Empower and increase accountability of the underwriter and continue to integrate underwriting, claims and actuarial to enable better decision making. Focus on enhancing risk selection, driving consistent underwriting best practices and building robust monitoring standards to improve underwriting results. 
 COMPETITION AND CHALLENGES 
 
 General Insurance operates in a highly competitive industry against global, national and local insurers and reinsurers and underwriting syndicates in specific market areas and product types. Insurance companies compete through a combination of risk acceptance criteria, product pricing, service levels and terms and conditions. We serve our business and individual customers on a global basis from the largest multinational corporations to local businesses and individuals. General Insurance seeks to differentiate itself in the markets where we participate by providing leading expertise and insight to clients, distribution partners and other stakeholders, delivering underwriting excellence and value-driven insurance solutions and providing high quality, tailored end-to-end support to stakeholders. In doing so, we leverage our world-class global franchise, multinational capabilities, balance sheet strength and financial flexibility. 
 Our challenges include: 
 ensuring adequate business pricing given passage of time to reporting and settlement for insurance business, particularly with respect to long-tail Commercial Lines exposures; 
 impact of social and economic inflation on claim frequency and severity; and 
 volatility in claims arising from natural and man-made catastrophes and other aggregations of risk exposure. 
 
 OUTLOOK INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 
 Below is a discussion of the industry and economic factors impacting our operating segments: 
 The results of General Insurance for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 reflect continued strong performance from our Commercial Lines portfolio and focused execution on our portfolio management strategies within Personal Insurance. Across our North America and International Commercial Lines of business we have seen increased demand for our insurance products with continued positive rate change and improvement in terms and conditions. We continue to monitor inflationary impacts resulting from government stimulus in recent years, ongoing labor force and supply chain disruptions and rising commodity prices, among other factors, on rate adequacy and loss cost trends. Similarly, we are monitoring the responsive monetary policy actions taken or anticipated to be taken by central banks, to curb inflation and the corresponding impact on market interest rates. 
 General Insurance North America 
 North America Commercial remains in a firm market amidst a backdrop of increasing claims severity due to elevated economic and social inflation, as well as a higher frequency and severity of natural catastrophe losses over recent years (which we believe to be in part connected to climate change). While market discipline continues to support price increases across most lines, we are seeing capacity move back into the market in certain segments given the improved pricing levels which is putting pressure on rates. We have focused on retaining our best accounts which has led to improving retention across the portfolio. These retention rates are often coupled with an exposure limit management strategy to reduce volatility within the portfolio. We continue to proactively identify segment growth areas as market conditions warrant through effective portfolio management, while non-renewing unprofitable business. 
 70 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | General Insurance 

Personal Insurance growth prospects are supported by the need for full life cycle products and coverage, increases in personal wealth accumulation, and awareness of insurance protection and risk management. We compete in the high net worth market, accident and health insurance, travel insurance, and warranty services and will continue to expand our innovative products and services to distribution partners and clients. 
 General Insurance International 
 We are continuing to pursue growth in our most profitable lines of business and diversify our portfolio across all regions by expanding key business lines while remaining a market leader in key developed and developing markets. Overall, Commercial Lines continue to show positive rate change, particularly in our Financial Lines, Property, Energy and Marine portfolios and across international markets where market events or withdrawal of capability and capacity have favorably impacted pricing. We are maintaining our underwriting discipline, reducing gross and net limits where appropriate, utilizing reinsurance to reduce volatility, as well as continuing our risk selection strategy to improve profitability. 
 Personal Insurance focuses on individual customers, as well as group and corporate clients. Although market competition within Personal Insurance has increased, we continue to benefit from the underwriting quality and portfolio diversity. 
 GENERAL INSURANCE RESULTS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Underwriting results: Net premiums written 25,512 25,890 22,959 (1) 13 (Increase) decrease in unearned premiums (172) (833) 703 79 NM Net premiums earned 25,340 25,057 23,662 1 6 Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred (a) 
 15,407 16,097 16,803 (4) (4) Acquisition expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 3,533 3,530 3,538 Other acquisition expenses 1,365 1,373 1,283 (1) 7 Total acquisition expenses 4,898 4,903 4,821 2 General operating expenses 2,987 3,002 3,062 (2) Underwriting income (loss) 2,048 1,055 (1,024) 94 NM Net investment income 2,382 3,304 2,925 (28) 13 Adjusted pre-tax income 4,430 4,359 1,901 2 129 Loss ratio (a) 
 60.8 64.2 71.0 (3.4) (6.8) Acquisition ratio 19.3 19.6 20.4 (0.3) (0.8) General operating expense ratio 11.8 12.0 12.9 (0.2) (0.9) Expense ratio 31.1 31.6 33.3 (0.5) (1.7) Combined ratio (a) 
 91.9 95.8 104.3 (3.9) (8.5) Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums (5.0) (5.4) (10.3) 0.4 4.9 Prior year development, net of reinsurance and prior year premiums 
 1.8 0.6 0.1 1.2 0.5 Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 57.6 59.4 60.8 (1.8) (1.4) Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 88.7 91.0 94.1 (2.3) (3.1) 
 (a) Consistent with our definition of APTI, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in amortization of the deferred gain. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 71 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | General Insurance 

The following table presents General Insurance net premiums written by operating segment, showing change on both reported and constant dollar basis: 
 Years Ended December 31, Percentage Change in U.S. dollars Percentage Change in Original Currency (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 North America 12,364 11,733 9,784 5 20 6 20 International 13,148 14,157 13,175 (7) 7 2 5 Total net premiums written 25,512 25,890 22,959 (1) 13 4 11 
 The following tables present General Insurance accident year catastrophes (a) by geography and number of events: 
 (in millions) # of 
 Events 
 North America International 
 Total 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 Flooding, rainstorms and other 3 53 105 158 Windstorms and hailstorms 18 531 206 737 Winter storms 5 154 53 207 Earthquakes 1 19 19 Russia / Ukraine N/A (b) 
 10 97 107 Reinstatement premiums 53 31 84 Total catastrophe-related charges 27 801 511 1,312 Years Ended December 31, 2021 Flooding, rainstorms and other 7 136 136 272 Windstorms and hailstorms 10 541 72 613 Winter storms 3 283 64 347 Wildfires 4 67 67 Earthquakes 1 19 19 Civil unrest 1 20 19 39 Reinstatement premiums 7 13 20 Total catastrophe-related charges 26 1,054 323 1,377 Years Ended December 31, 2020 Flooding, rainstorms and other 4 27 64 91 Windstorms and hailstorms 14 759 195 954 Wildfires 5 145 2 147 Earthquakes 2 35 12 47 COVID-19 N/A (c) 
 703 390 1,093 Civil unrest 1 68 28 96 Reinstatement premiums (11) 25 14 Total catastrophe-related charges 26 1,726 716 2,442 
 (a) Natural catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events, in each case, having a net impact on AIG in excess of 10 million and man-made catastrophe losses, such as terrorism and civil unrest that exceed the 10 million threshold. 
 (b) As the Russia/Ukraine conflict continues to evolve the number of events is yet to be determined. 
 (c) As COVID-19 continues to evolve, impacting many lines of business, the number of events is yet to be determined. 
 72 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | General Insurance 

NORTH AMERICA RESULTS 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Underwriting results: Net premiums written 12,364 11,733 9,784 5 20 (Increase) decrease in unearned premiums (293) (744) 518 61 NM Net premiums earned 12,071 10,989 10,302 10 7 Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred (a) 
 8,096 8,134 8,720 (7) Acquisition expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 1,585 1,333 1,365 19 (2) Other acquisition expenses 520 440 359 18 23 Total acquisition expenses 2,105 1,773 1,724 19 3 General operating expenses 1,222 1,129 1,159 8 (3) Underwriting income (loss) 648 (47) (1,301) NM 96 Loss ratio (a) 
 67.1 74.0 84.6 (6.9) (10.6) Acquisition ratio 17.4 16.1 16.7 1.3 (0.6) General operating expense ratio 10.1 10.3 11.3 (0.2) (1.0) Expense ratio 27.5 26.4 28.0 1.1 (1.6) Combined ratio (a) 
 94.6 100.4 112.6 (5.8) (12.2) Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums 
 (6.5) (9.5) (16.7) 3.0 7.2 Prior year development, net of reinsurance and prior year premiums 
 1.0 1.2 1.2 (0.2) Adjustment for ceded premiums under reinsurance contracts and other (0.1) NM Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 61.6 65.7 69.0 (4.1) (3.3) Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 89.1 92.1 97.0 (3.0) (4.9) 
 (a) Consistent with our definition of APTI, excludes net loss reserve discount and the portion of favorable or unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under retroactive reinsurance agreements and related changes in amortization of the deferred gain. 
 Business and Financial Highlights 
 Net Premiums Written Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Net premiums written increased by 631 million primarily due to growth in Commercial Lines 673 million), particularly in Property, Casualty and AIG Re, driven by continued positive rate change, higher renewal retentions and strong new business production, as well as growth in Crop Risk Services driven by higher commodity prices, partially offset by a decrease in Financial Lines due to volatility in capital markets and uncertain economic conditions. 
 This increase was partially offset by lower production in Personal Insurance 42 million), particularly in Warranty as well as underwriting actions taken in PCG to improve profitability, partially offset by an increase in Travel. 
 Underwriting Income (Loss) Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Underwriting income of 648 million in 2022 compared to an underwriting loss of 47 million in 2021 primarily reflected: 
 premium growth with improvement in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted (4.1 points) primarily driven by changes in business mix along with continued positive rate change, focused risk selection and improved terms and conditions; and 
 lower catastrophe losses (3.0 points or 253 million). 
 This improvement was partially offset by: 
 higher expense ratio of 1.1 points reflecting a higher acquisition ratio (1.3 points) primarily driven by changes in business mix and reinsurance, partially offset by a lower general operating expense ratio (0.2 points) resulting from continued general expense discipline as we grow the portfolio; and 
 lower net favorable prior year reserve development in 2022 compared 2021 (0.2 points or 34 million), primarily due to lower favorable development in PCG and higher unfavorable development within Financial Lines, partially offset by higher favorable development in Property, Casualty and Crop Risk Services. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 73 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | General Insurance 

INTERNATIONAL RESULTS 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Underwriting results: Net premiums written 13,148 14,157 13,175 (7) 7 (Increase) decrease in unearned premiums 121 (89) 185 NM NM Net premiums earned 13,269 14,068 13,360 (6) 5 Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred 7,311 7,963 8,083 (8) (1) Acquisition expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 1,948 2,197 2,173 (11) 1 Other acquisition expenses 845 933 924 (9) 1 Total acquisition expenses 2,793 3,130 3,097 (11) 1 General operating expenses 1,765 1,873 1,903 (6) (2) Underwriting income 1,400 1,102 277 27 298 Loss ratio 55.1 56.6 60.5 (1.5) (3.9) Acquisition ratio 21.0 22.2 23.2 (1.2) (1.0) General operating expense ratio 13.3 13.3 14.2 (0.9) Expense ratio 34.3 35.5 37.4 (1.2) (1.9) Combined ratio 89.4 92.1 97.9 (2.7) (5.8) Adjustments for accident year loss ratio, as adjusted and accident year combined ratio, as adjusted: Catastrophe losses and reinstatement premiums (3.7) (2.3) (5.3) (1.4) 3.0 Prior year development, net of reinsurance and prior year premiums 2.5 0.1 (0.7) 2.4 0.8 Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted 53.9 54.4 54.5 (0.5) (0.1) Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted 88.2 89.9 91.9 (1.7) (2.0) 
 Business and Financial Highlights 
 Net Premiums Written Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Net premiums written, excluding the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange 1,287 million), increased by 278 million due to growth in Commercial Lines 417 million), notably Specialty, Property and Casualty driven by continued positive rate change and strong new business production. 
 This increase was partially offset by lower production in Personal Insurance 139 million), where declines in Warranty and Personal Auto were partially offset by growth in Travel and Accident Health. 
 Underwriting Income (Loss) Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Underwriting income increased by 298 million primarily due to: 
 higher net favorable prior year reserve development in 2022 compared to 2021 (2.4 points or 346 million), primarily as a result of lower unfavorable development in Financial Lines and higher favorable development in Specialty, partially offset by lower favorable development in Accident Health; 
 a lower expense ratio (1.2 points) from a lower acquisition ratio (1.2 points) primarily driven by changes in business mix, improved commission terms and reinsurance program changes; and 
 improvement in the accident year loss ratio, as adjusted (0.5 points) primarily driven by changes in business mix along with continued positive rate change, focused risk selection and improved terms and conditions. 
 These increases were partially offset by higher catastrophe losses (1.4 points or 188 million). 
 74 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

Life and Retirement 
 Life and Retirement consists of four operating segments: Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance and Institutional Markets. We offer a broad portfolio of products in the U.S. through a multichannel distribution network and life and health products in the UK and Ireland. 
 PRODUCTS AND DISTRIBUTION 
 
 Variable Annuities: Products include variable annuities that offer a combination of growth potential, death benefit features and income protection features. Variable annuities are distributed primarily through banks, wirehouses, and regional and independent broker-dealers. 
 Fixed Index Annuities : Products include fixed index annuities that provide growth potential based in part on the performance of a market index as well as optional living guaranteed features that provide lifetime income protection. Fixed index annuities are distributed primarily through banks, broker-dealers, independent marketing organizations and independent insurance agents. 
 Fixed Annuities : Products include single premium fixed annuities, immediate annuities and deferred income annuities. Certain fixed deferred annuity products offer optional income protection features. The fixed annuities product line maintains an industry-leading position in the U.S. bank distribution channel by designing products collaboratively with banks and offering an efficient and flexible administration platform. 
 Retail Mutual Funds: Included our mutual fund offerings and related administration and servicing operations. Retail Mutual Funds were distributed primarily through broker-dealers. On July 16, 2021, the Company sold certain assets of the AIG Retail Mutual Funds business or otherwise liquidated. 

Group Retirement: Products and services consist of record-keeping, plan administrative and compliance services, financial planning and advisory solutions offered to employer defined contribution plans and their participants, along with proprietary and non-proprietary annuities and advisory and brokerage products offered outside of plans. 
 AIG Retirement Services offers its products and services through The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries, VALIC Financial Advisors, Inc. and VALIC Retirement Services Company. AIG Retirement Services employee financial advisors serve individual clients, including in-plan enrollment support and education, and comprehensive financial planning services. 

Life Insurance : In the U.S., products primarily include term life and universal life insurance distributed through independent marketing organizations, independent insurance agents, financial advisors and direct marketing. International operations primarily include the distribution of life and health products in the UK and Ireland. 

Institutional Markets: Products primarily include stable value wrap products, structured settlement and pension risk transfer annuities (direct and assumed reinsurance), corporate- and bank-owned life insurance, high net worth products and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs). Institutional Markets products are primarily distributed through specialized marketing and consulting firms and structured settlement brokers. 
 
 FHLB Funding Agreements: Funding agreements are issued by our U.S. Life and Retirement companies to FHLBs in their respective districts at fixed or floating rates over specified periods, which can be prepaid at our discretion. Proceeds are generally invested in fixed income securities and other suitable investments to generate spread income. These investment contracts do not have mortality or morbidity risk and are similar to GICs. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 75 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

BUSINESS STRATEGY 
 
 Deliver client-centric solutions through our unique franchise by bringing together a broad portfolio of life insurance, retirement and institutional products offered through an extensive, multichannel distribution network. Life and Retirement focuses on ease of doing business, offering valuable solutions, and expanding and deepening its distribution relationships across multiple channels. 
 Position market leading businesses to serve growing needs by continually enhancing product solutions, service delivery and digital capabilities while using data and analytics in an innovative manner to improve customer experience. 
 Individual Retirement will continue to capitalize on the opportunity to meet consumer demand for guaranteed income by maintaining innovative variable and fixed index annuity products, while also managing risk from guarantee features through risk-mitigating product design and well-developed economic hedging capabilities. 
 Our fixed annuity products provide diversity in our annuity product suite by offering stable returns for retirement savings. 
 Group Retirement continues to enhance its technology platform to improve the customer experience for plan sponsors and individual participants . AIG Retirement Services self-service tools paired with its employee financial advisors provide a compelling service platform. Group Retirement s strategy also involves providing financial planning services for its clients and meeting their need for income in retirement. In this advisory role, Group Retirement s clients may invest in assets in which AIG or a third-party is custodian. 
 Life Insurance in the U.S. will continue to position itself for growth and changing market dynamics while continuing to execute strategies to enhance returns. Our focus is on materializing success from a multi-year effort of building state-of-the-art platforms and underwriting innovations, which are expected to bring process improvements and cost efficiencies. 
 In the UK, AIG Life Limited will continue to focus on growing the business organically and through potential acquisition opportunities. 
 Institutional Markets continues to grow its assets under management across multiple product lines, including stable value wrap, GICs and pension risk transfer annuities. Our growth strategy is transactional and allows us to pursue select transactions that meet our risk-adjusted return requirements. 
 
 Enhance Operational Effectiveness by simplifying processes and operating environments to increase competitiveness, improve service and product capabilities and facilitate delivery of our target customer experience. We continue to invest in technology to improve operating efficiency and ease of doing business for our distribution partners and customers. We believe that simplifying our operating models will enhance productivity and support further profitable growth. 
 Manage our Balance Sheet through a rigorous approach to our products and portfolio. We match our product design and high-quality investments with our asset and liability exposures to support our cash and liquidity needs under various operating scenarios. 
 Deliver Value Creation and Manage Capital by striving to deliver solid earnings and returns on capital through disciplined pricing, sustainable underwriting improvements, expense efficiency, and diversification of risk, while optimizing capital allocation and efficiency within insurance entities to enhance return on common equity. 
 COMPETITION AND CHALLENGES 
 
 Life and Retirement operates in the highly competitive insurance and financial services industry in the U.S. and select international markets, competing against various financial services companies, including banks and other life insurance and mutual fund companies. Competition is primarily based on product pricing and design, distribution, financial strength, customer service and ease of doing business. 
 Our business remains competitive due to its long-standing market leading positions, innovative products, distribution relationships across multiple channels, customer-focused service and strong financial ratings. 
 
 76 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

Our primary challenges include: 
 Managing a rising rate environment. While a rising rate environment improves yields on new investment, improves margins on our business, and increases sales in certain products such as fixed annuities, it may also result in increased competition for certain products resulting in a need to increase crediting rates, and has resulted in lower separate account asset values for investments in fixed income which has reduced fee income; 
 increased competition in our primary markets, including aggressive pricing of annuities by competitors, increased competition and consolidation of employer groups in the group retirement planning market, and competitors with different profitability targets in the pension risk transfer space as well as other product lines; 
 increasingly complex new and proposed regulatory requirements, which have affected industry growth and costs; and 
 upgrading our technology and underwriting processes while managing general operating expenses. 
 OUTLOOK INDUSTRY AND ECONOMIC FACTORS 
 
 Below is a discussion of the industry and economic factors impacting our specific operating segments: 
 The worldwide health and economic impact of COVID-19 continues to evolve, influenced by the scope, severity and duration of the pandemic, including resurgences and variants of the virus as well as the distribution and effectiveness of vaccinations. 
 On December 15, 2021, AIG and BREIT, a long-term, perpetual capital vehicle affiliated with Blackstone, completed the acquisition by BREIT of AIG s interests in a U.S. affordable housing portfolio. The historical results of the U.S. affordable housing portfolio were reported in our Life and Retirement operating segments. 
 For additional information on the separation of Life and Retirement please, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Business and Operations No assurances can be given that the separation of our Life and Retirement business will occur or as to the specific terms or timing thereof. In addition, we may not achieve the expected benefits of the separation and will have continuing equity market exposure to Corebridge until we fully divest our stake. 
 
 Individual Retirement 
 Increasing life expectancy and reduced expectations for traditional retirement income from defined benefit programs and fixed income securities are leading Americans to seek additional financial security as they approach retirement. The strong demand for fixed index and fixed annuities with guaranteed living benefit features has attracted increased competition in this product space. In response to the low interest rate environment that prevailed over the past several years we have developed guaranteed living benefits for variable, fixed index and fixed annuities with margins that are less sensitive to the level of interest rates. 
 Changes in the capital markets (interest rate environment, credit spreads, equity markets, volatility) can have a significant impact on sales, surrender rates, investment returns, guaranteed income features, and net investment spreads in the annuity industry. 
 
 Group Retirement 
 Group Retirement competes in the defined contribution market under the AIG Retirement Services brand. AIG Retirement Services is a leading retirement plan provider in the U.S. for K-12 schools and school districts, higher education, healthcare, government and other not-for-profit institutions. The defined contribution market is a highly efficient and competitive market that requires support for both plan sponsors and individual participants. To meet this challenge, AIG Retirement Services is investing in a client- focused technology platform to support improved compliance and self-service functionality. AIG Retirement Services model pairs self-service tools with its employee financial advisors who provide individual plan participants with enrollment support and comprehensive financial planning services. 
 Changes in the interest rates, credit spreads and equity market environment can have a significant impact on investment returns, fee income, advisory and other income, guaranteed income features, and net investment spreads, and a moderate impact on sales and surrender rates. 
 
 Life Insurance 
 Consumers have a significant need for life insurance, whether it is used for income replacement for their surviving family, estate planning or wealth transfer. Additionally, consumers use life insurance to provide living benefits in case of chronic, critical or terminal illnesses, and to supplement retirement income. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 77 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

In response to consumer needs and a changing interest rate environment, our Life Insurance product portfolio will continue to promote products with less long-duration interest rate risk and mitigate exposure to products that have long-duration interest rate risk through sales levels and hedging strategies. 
 As life insurance ownership remains at historical lows in the U.S. and the UK, efforts to expand the reach and increase the affordability of life insurance are critical. The industry is investing in consumer-centric efforts to reduce traditional barriers to securing life protection by simplifying the sales and service experience. Digitally enabled processes and tools provide a fast, friendly and simple path to life insurance protection. 
 
 Institutional Markets 
 Institutional Markets serves a variety of needs for corporate clients. Demand is driven by a number of factors including the macroeconomic and regulatory environment. We expect to see continued growth in the pension risk transfer market (direct and assumed reinsurance) as corporate plan sponsors look to transfer asset or liability, longevity, administrative and operational risks associated with their defined benefit plans. 
 Changes in interest rates and credit spreads can have a significant impact on investment returns and net investment spreads, impacting organic growth opportunities. 
 
 For additional information on the impact of market interest rate movement on our Life and Retirement business, see Executive Summary AIG s Outlook Industry and Economic Factors Impact of Changes in the Interest Rate Environment and Equity Markets. 

LIFE AND RETIREMENT RESULTS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Percentage Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Adjusted revenues: Premiums 5,508 6,029 4,624 (9) 30 Policy fees 2,972 3,051 2,874 (3) 6 Net investment income 8,347 9,521 8,881 (12) 7 Advisory fee and other income 827 993 896 (17) 11 Total adjusted revenues 17,654 19,594 17,275 (10) 13 Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 7,659 8,379 6,884 (9) 22 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 3,681 3,565 3,551 3 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 1,130 973 632 16 54 Non deferrable insurance commissions 640 672 590 (5) 14 Advisory fee expenses 266 322 316 (17) 2 General operating expenses 1,598 1,642 1,616 (3) 2 Interest expense 23 130 155 (82) (16) Total benefits, losses and expenses 14,997 15,683 13,744 (4) 14 Adjusted pre-tax income 2,657 3,911 3,531 (32) 11 
 For additional information including the impact of actuarial assumptions on our Life and Retirement results, see Insurance Reserves Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Business Segment Impact to Adjusted Pre-tax Income (Loss). 
 Our insurance companies generate significant revenues from investment activities. As a result, the operating segments in Life and Retirement are significantly impacted by variances in net investment income on the asset portfolios that support insurance liabilities and surplus. 
 For additional information on our investment strategy, asset-liability management process and invested asset composition, see Investments. 
 78 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT RESULTS 
 Years Ended December 31, Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Adjusted revenues: Premiums 230 191 151 20 26 Policy fees 836 962 861 (13) 12 Net investment income 3,898 4,338 4,131 (10) 5 Advisory fee and other income 451 592 571 (24) 4 Total adjusted revenues 5,415 6,083 5,714 (11) 6 Benefits and expenses: Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 626 536 397 17 35 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 1,877 1,787 1,751 5 2 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 761 736 590 3 25 Non deferrable insurance commissions 351 397 334 (12) 19 Advisory fee expenses 141 189 205 (25) (8) General operating expenses 426 438 427 (3) 3 Interest expense 11 61 72 (82) (15) Total benefits, losses and expenses 4,193 4,144 3,776 1 10 Adjusted pre-tax income 1,222 1,939 1,938 (37) Fixed annuities base net investment spread: Base yield 4.03 3.94 4.16 9 bps (22) bps Cost of funds 2.60 2.58 2.63 2 (5) Fixed annuities base net investment spread 1.43 1.36 1.53 7 bps (17) bps Variable and fixed index annuities base net investment spread: Base yield 3.89 3.83 3.94 6 bps (11) bps Cost of funds 1.46 1.32 1.31 14 1 Variable and fixed index annuities base net investment spread 2.43 2.51 2.63 (8) bps (12) bps 
 Includes returns from base portfolio including accretion and income (loss) from certain other invested assets. 
 Business and Financial Highlights 
 Adjusted Pre-Tax Income (Loss) Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Adjusted pre-tax income decreased 717 million primarily due to: 
 lower net investment income, net of interest credited 530 million) primarily driven by lower alternative investment income 401 million), lower yield enhancement income 285 million), partially offset by higher base portfolio income, net of interest credited 156 million); 
 higher DAC amortization and policyholder benefits net of premiums, excluding the review and update of actuarial assumptions 225 million) primarily due to lower variable annuity separate account returns; and 
 lower policy and advisory fee income, net of advisory fee expenses 219 million), primarily due to a decrease in variable annuity separate account assets driven by negative equity market performance and sale of retail mutual funds to Touchstone. 
 Partially offset by: 
 net favorable impact from the review and update of actuarial assumptions 184 million); 
 lower interest expense on debt borrowings due to sale of Affordable Housing 50 million); and 
 lower non-deferred commissions 46 million) due to a decrease in variable annuity separate account assets; 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 79 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT GAAP PREMIUMS, PREMIUMS AND DEPOSITS, SURRENDERS AND NET FLOWS 
 Premiums and deposits is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts and mutual funds under administration. 
 Net flows for annuity products in Individual Retirement represent premiums and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows for mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Individual Retirement GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Premiums 230 191 151 Deposits 14,900 13,732 10,228 Other (10) (7) (9) Premiums and deposits 15,120 13,916 10,370 
 The following table presents Individual Retirement premiums and deposits and net flows by product line: 
 Years Ended December 31, Premiums and Deposits Net Flows (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 Fixed Annuities 5,695 3,011 2,535 (441) (2,396) (2,504) Variable Annuities 3,109 5,025 3,003 (1,671) (864) (1,554) Fixed Index Annuities 6,316 5,621 4,096 4,522 4,072 2,991 Retail Mutual Funds 259 736 (1,402) (3,661) Total 15,120 13,916 10,370 2,410 (590) (4,728) 
 Premiums and Deposits and Net Flow Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Fixed Annuities Net outflows decreased 2.0 billion) over the prior year, primarily due to higher premiums and deposits 2.7 billion) due to competitive pricing and higher interest rates and lower death benefits 300 million), partially offset by higher surrenders and withdrawals 1.0 billion). 
 Variable Annuities Net outflows increased 807 million) primarily due to lower premiums and deposits 1.9 billion), due to market volatility; partially offset by lower surrenders and withdrawals 993 million) and lower death benefits 116 million). 
 Fixed Index Annuities Net inflows increased 450 million) primarily due to higher premiums and deposits 695 million), due to competitive pricing and higher interest rates; partially offset by higher surrenders and withdrawals 193 million) and higher death benefits 52 million). 
 Retail Mutual Funds There were no flows in 2022 due to the Touchstone sale in the second quarter of 2021. For additional information regarding the sale of certain assets of the AIG Life and Retirement Retail Mutual Funds business, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The following table presents surrenders as a percentage of average reserves: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Surrenders as a percentage of average reserves Fixed annuities 9.2 7.2 5.9 Variable annuities 6.6 7.3 6.2 Fixed index annuities 4.7 4.6 4.0 
 80 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

The following table presents reserves for fixed annuities and variable and fixed index annuities by surrender charge category: 
 At December 31, 2022 2021 (in millions) Fixed Annuities Fixed Index Annuities Variable Annuities Fixed Annuities Fixed Index Annuities Variable Annuities No surrender charge 24,937 2,274 28,315 26,419 2,009 34,030 Greater than 0 - 2 1,786 1,355 7,272 2,091 1,681 10,926 Greater than 2 - 4 2,260 4,539 5,268 2,424 4,195 9,884 Greater than 4 18,941 25,238 12,623 16,443 22,489 13,219 Non-surrenderable 2,454 2,373 Total reserves 50,378 33,406 53,478 49,750 30,374 68,059 
 Individual Retirement annuities are typically subject to a three- to seven-year surrender charge period, depending on the product. For fixed annuities, the proportion of reserves subject to surrender charge at December 31, 2022 increased compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to growth in business. For fixed index annuities, the proportion was slightly lower due to the aging of the business. The increase in the proportion of reserves with no surrender charge for variable annuities as of December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021 was principally due to normal aging of business. 
 
 GROUP RETIREMENT RESULTS 

Years Ended December 31, Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Adjusted revenues: Premiums 19 22 19 (14) 16 Policy fees 451 522 443 (14) 18 Net investment income 2,005 2,410 2,236 (17) 8 Advisory fee and other income 305 337 272 (9) 24 Total adjusted revenues 2,780 3,291 2,970 (16) 11 Benefits and expenses: Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 97 74 72 31 3 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 1,142 1,150 1,123 (1) 2 Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 96 61 7 57 NM Non deferrable insurance commissions 123 111 117 11 (5) Advisory fee expenses 124 133 111 (7) 20 General operating expenses 443 443 485 (9) Interest expense 6 35 42 (83) (17) Total benefits, losses and expenses 2,031 2,007 1,957 1 3 Adjusted pre-tax income 749 1,284 1,013 (42) 27 Base net investment spread: Base yield 4.04 4.11 4.26 (7) bps (15) bps Cost of funds 2.59 2.61 2.65 (2) (4) Base net investment spread 1.45 1.50 1.61 (5) bps (11) bps 
 Includes returns from base portfolio including accretion and income (loss) from certain other invested assets. 
 Business and Financial Highlights 
 Adjusted Pre-Tax Income (Loss) Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Adjusted pre-tax income decreased 535 million primarily due to: 
 lower net investment income, net of interest credited 397 million) primarily driven by lower alternative investment income 224 million), lower yield enhancement income 158 million) and higher base portfolio income net of interest credited 15 million); 
 lower policy and advisory fee income, net of advisory fee expenses of 94 million) due to lower fee based assets under administration as a result of lower equity market performance; and 
 higher DAC and sales inducement amortization and higher policyholder benefits, net of premiums mostly due to lower equity market performance 61 million). 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 81 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

These decreases were partially offset by lower interest expense on debt borrowings due to sale of Affordable Housing 29 million). 
 
 GROUP RETIREMENT GAAP PREMIUMS, PREMIUMS AND DEPOSITS, SURRENDERS AND NET FLOWS 
 Premiums and deposits are a non-GAAP financial measure that includes, in addition to direct and assumed premiums, deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts, FHLB funding agreements and mutual funds under administration. 
 Net flows for annuity products included in Group Retirement represent premiums and deposits less death, surrender and other withdrawal benefits. Net flows for mutual funds represent deposits less withdrawals. Client deposits into advisory and brokerage accounts less total client withdrawals from advisory and brokerage accounts, are not included in net flows, but do contribute to growth in assets under administration and advisory fee income. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Group Retirement GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits and net flows: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Premiums 19 22 19 Deposits 7,923 7,744 7,477 Premiums and deposits (a) 
 7,942 7,766 7,496 Net Flows (3,111) (3,208) (1,940) 
 (a) Excludes client deposits into advisory and brokerage accounts of 2.1 billion, 2.5 billion and 1.4 billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 Premiums and Deposits and Net Flow Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Net outflows decreased 97 million) primarily due to higher premiums and deposits 176 million), partially offset by higher death and payout annuity benefits of 30 million), and higher surrenders and withdrawals of 49 million). In general, net outflows are concentrated in fixed annuity products with higher contractual guaranteed minimum crediting rates. Large plan acquisitions and surrenders resulted in higher net flows of 121 million compared to the prior year. 
 The following table presents Group Retirement surrenders as a percentage of average reserves and mutual funds under administration: 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Surrenders as a percentage of average reserves and mutual funds 9.5 8.8 8.6 
 The following table presents reserves for Group Retirement annuities by surrender charge category: 
 At December 31, (in millions) 2022 (a) 
 2021 (a) 
 No surrender charge (b) 
 70,111 81,132 Greater than 0 - 2 456 716 Greater than 2 - 4 436 857 Greater than 4 6,316 6,197 Non-surrenderable 739 810 Total reserves 78,058 89,712 
 (a) Excludes mutual fund assets under administration of 24.0 billion and 28.8 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Group Retirement amounts in this category include general account reserves of approximately 4.5 billion and 4.7 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are subject to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations at the participant level and general account reserves of 5.8 billion and 5.7 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which are subject to 20 percent annual withdrawal limitations at the plan level. 
 Group Retirement annuity deposits are typically subject to a five- to seven-year surrender charge period, depending on the product. At December 31, 2022, Group Retirement annuity reserves with no surrender charge decreased compared to December 31, 2021 primarily due to decline in assets under management from lower equity markets. 
 82 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

LIFE INSURANCE RESULTS 
 Years Ended December 31, Percentage Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Adjusted revenues: Premiums 2,346 2,051 1,915 14 7 Policy fees 1,491 1,380 1,384 8 Net investment income 1,393 1,619 1,526 (14) 6 Other income 69 62 52 11 19 Total adjusted revenues 5,299 5,112 4,877 4 5 Benefits and expenses: Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 3,555 3,636 3,569 (2) 2 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 342 354 373 (3) (5) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 267 170 30 57 467 Non deferrable insurance commissions 137 137 108 27 Advisory fee expenses 1 NM NM General operating expenses 656 684 625 (4) 9 Interest expense 4 25 30 (84) (17) Total benefits, losses and expenses 4,962 5,006 4,735 (1) 6 Adjusted pre-tax income 337 106 142 218 (25) 
 Business and Financial Highlights 
 Adjusted Pre-Tax Income (Loss) Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Adjusted pre-tax income increased 231 million primarily due to: 
 higher premiums and policy fees, net of policyholder benefits, excluding actuarial assumptions update 509 million), primarily due to favorable mortality; and 
 lower general operating expenses 28 million). 
 Partially offsetting this increase was: 
 lower net investment income, net of interest credited 214 million), primarily driven by lower alternative investment and yield enhancement income 262 million) primarily due to lower equity partnership performance and reduced gains on calls, and higher base portfolio income, net of interest credited 48 million); and 
 lower net favorable impact from the review and update of actuarial assumptions 82 million). 

LIFE INSURANCE GAAP PREMIUMS AND PREMIUMS AND DEPOSITS 
 Premiums for Life Insurance represent amounts received on traditional life insurance policies, primarily term life and international life and hea lth. Premiums, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, increased 391 million in 2022 compared to 2021. Premiums and deposits for Life Insurance is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on universal life insurance. 
 Premiums and deposits, excluding the effect of foreign exchange, increased 147 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to growth in international life premiums. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Life Insurance GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Premiums 2,346 2,051 1,915 Deposits 1,600 1,635 1,648 Other 725 964 850 Premiums and deposits 4,671 4,650 4,413 
 Other principally consists of adding back ceded premiums to reflect the gross premiums and deposits. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 83 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Life and Retirement 

INSTITUTIONAL MARKETS RESULTS 
 Years Ended December 31, Percentage Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Adjusted revenues: Premiums 2,913 3,765 2,539 (23) 48 Policy fees 194 187 186 4 1 Net investment income 1,051 1,154 988 (9) 17 Other income 2 2 1 100 Total adjusted revenues 4,160 5,108 3,714 (19) 38 Benefits and expenses: Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 3,381 4,133 2,846 (18) 45 Interest credited to policyholder account balances 320 274 304 17 (10) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 6 6 5 20 Non deferrable insurance commissions 29 27 31 7 (13) General operating expenses 73 77 79 (5) (3) Interest expense 2 9 11 (78) (18) Total benefits, losses and expenses 3,811 4,526 3,276 (16) 38 Adjusted pre-tax income 349 582 438 (40) 33 
 Business and Financial Highlights 
 Adjusted Pre-Tax Income (Loss) Comparison for 2022 and 2021 
 Adjusted pre-tax income decreased 233 million primarily due to: 
 lower net investment income 103 million) primarily driven by lower alternative investment income 145 million) and lower yield enhancement income 89 million) partially offset by higher base portfolio income 131 million); 
 lower premiums primarily on new pension risk transfer business 852 million); and 
 higher interest credited on policyholder account balances, primarily related to the GIC business 46 million). 
 Partially offsetting these decreases was a reduction in policyholder benefits and losses incurred (including interest accretion) primarily on new pension risk transfer business 752 million). 
 
 INSTITUTIONAL MARKETS GAAP PREMIUMS AND PREMIUMS AND DEPOSITS 
 Premiums for Institutional Markets primarily represent amounts received on pension risk transfer or structured settlement annuities with life contingencies. Premiums decreased 852 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily driven by the transactional nature of the pension risk transfer business (direct and assumed reinsurance). 
 Premiums and deposits for Institutional Markets is a non-GAAP financial measure that includes direct and assumed premiums as well as deposits received on investment-type annuity contracts. Deposits primarily include GICs, FHLB funding agreements and structured settlement annuities with no life contingencies. 
 Premiums and deposits decreased 623 million in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to lower premiums on pension risk transfer business, partially offset by deposits of structured settlement annuities. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of Institutional Markets GAAP premiums to premiums and deposits: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Premiums 2,913 3,765 2,539 Deposits 1,382 1,158 2,281 Other 30 25 26 Premiums and deposits 4,325 4,948 4,846 
 Other principally consists of adding back ceded premiums to reflect the gross premiums and deposits. 
 84 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Other Operations 

Other Operations 
 
 Other Operations primarily consists of income from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate subsidiaries, deferred tax assets related to tax attributes, corporate expenses and intercompany eliminations, our institutional asset management business and results of our consolidated investment entities, General Insurance portfolios in run-off as well as the historical results of our legacy insurance lines ceded to Fortitude Re. 
 OTHER OPERATIONS RESULTS 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Percentage Change (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Adjusted revenues: Premiums 85 186 233 (54) (20) Policy fees 43 NM NM Net investment income: Interest and dividends 353 169 905 109 (81) Alternative investments 516 919 82 (44) NM Other investment income (loss) (129) 65 147 NM (56) Investment expenses (26) (41) (47) 37 13 Total net investment income 714 1,112 1,087 (36) 2 Other income 28 40 22 (30) 82 Total adjusted revenues 827 1,338 1,385 (38) (3) Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 30 250 816 (88) (69) Interest credited to policyholder account balances 1 89 NM (99) Acquisition expenses: Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs 5 37 50 (86) (26) Other acquisition expenses (1) (1) 1 NM Total acquisition expenses 4 36 51 (89) (29) General operating expenses: Corporate and Other 1,119 1,137 1,004 (2) 13 Asset Management 45 72 42 (38) 71 Amortization of intangible assets 40 40 40 Total General operating expenses 1,204 1,249 1,086 (4) 15 Interest expense: Corporate and Other 908 1,032 1,148 (12) (10) Asset Management 223 188 158 19 19 Total interest expense 1,131 1,220 1,306 (7) (7) Total benefits, losses and expenses 2,369 2,756 3,348 (14) (18) Adjusted pre-tax loss before consolidation and eliminations (1,542) (1,418) (1,963) (9) 28 Consolidation and eliminations (405) (932) (466) 57 (100) Adjusted pre-tax loss (1,947) (2,350) (2,429) 17 3 Adjusted pre-tax income (loss) by activities: Corporate and Other (2,053) (2,329) (2,041) 12 (14) Asset Management 511 911 78 (44) NM Consolidation and eliminations (405) (932) (466) 57 (100) Adjusted pre-tax loss (1,947) (2,350) (2,429) 17 3 
 Interest Asset Management primarily represents interest expense on consolidated investment entities of 217 million, 182 million and 148 million in 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 85 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Business Segment Operations | Other Operations 

2022 AND 2021 COMPARISON 
 Adjusted pre-tax loss before consolidation and eliminations of 1.5 billion in 2022 compared to 1.4 billion in 2021, decrease of 124 million was primarily due to: 
 lower net investment income associated with consolidated investment entities of 382 million partially offset by higher income on AIG Parent portfolio of 94 million due to higher yields and 56 million mark to market gain on the 2.46 percent equity interest in Fortitude Group Holdings, LLC; 
 lower underwriting loss attributable to lower catastrophe losses of 38 million and absence of unfavorable prior year development 86 million in 2021) within Other Operations Run-Off, primarily Blackboard U.S. Holdings, Inc. (Blackboard); 
 lower corporate interest expense primarily driven by interest savings of 225 million from 9.4 billion debt repurchases, through cash tender offers, and debt redemption in 2022 as well as 92 million from 3.6 billion of debt redemptions and debt repurchases, through cash tender offers in 2021, partially offset by interest expense of 240 million on 6.5 billion Corebridge senior unsecured notes, 1.5 billion draw down on Corebridge DDTL facility and 1.0 billion junior subordinated debt issued by Corebridge in 2022; and 
 lower corporate and other general operating expenses of 45 million primarily driven by decreases in employment costs of 254 million partially offset by higher professional fees of 209 million. 
 Adjusted pre-tax loss on consolidation and eliminations of 405 million in 2022 compared to 932 million in 2021, a decrease of 527 million, was primarily due to the elimination of the insurance companies net investment income from their investment in the consolidated investment entities of 520 million. 
 86 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

Investments 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Our investment strategies are tailored to the specific business needs of each operating unit by targeting an asset allocation mix that supports estimated cash flows of our outstanding liabilities and provides diversification from an asset class, sector, issuer, and geographic perspective. The primary objectives are generation of investment income, preservation of capital, liquidity management and growth of surplus. The majority of assets backing our insurance liabilities consist of fixed maturity securities. 
 Over the past several quarters inflation has continued to remain elevated, which has led to the increases in interest rates by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System in several years. This has also led to a significant rise in interest rates across the yield curve and a widening of credit spreads reflecting ongoing recession concerns. 
 
 INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS IN 2022 A significant rise in interest rates and widening of credit spreads resulted in net unrealized losses in our available for sale fixed security portfolio of 47.7 billion during 2022. Our Net unrealized gain of 18.1 billion as of December 31, 2021 decreased to a net unrealized loss of 29.7 billion on our available for sale portfolio as of December 31, 2022. 
 We continued to make investments in structured securities and other fixed maturity securities with favorable risk compared to return characteristics to improve yields and increase net investment income. 
 We experienced a decrease in net investment income in 2022 compared to the prior year due primarily to lower returns in our private equity and hedge funds compared to gains in the prior year, and lower income in our available for sale fixed security portfolio primarily driven by lower call and prepayment income, which was partially offset by higher income in base portfolio. 
 Blended investment yields on new investments are higher than blended rates on investments that were sold, matured or called. 

INVESTMENT STRATEGIES 
 Investment strategies are assessed at the segment level and involve considerations that include local and general market and economic conditions, duration and cash flow management, risk appetite and volatility constraints, rating agency and regulatory capital considerations, tax, regulatory and legal investment limitations, and, as applicable, environmental, social and governance considerations. 
 Some of our key investment strategies are as follows: 
 Our fundamental strategy across the portfolios is to seek investments with similar characteristics to the associated insurance liabilities to the extent practicable. 
 We seek to purchase investments that offer enhanced yield through illiquidity premiums, such as private placements and commercial mortgage loans, which also add portfolio diversification. These assets typically afford credit protections through covenants, ability to customize structures that meet our insurance liability needs, and deeper due diligence given information access. 
 Given our global presence, we seek investments that provide diversification from local markets. To the extent we purchase these investments, we generally hedge any currency risk using derivatives, which could provide opportunities to earn higher risk adjusted returns compared to investments in the functional currency. 
 AIG Parent, included in Other Operations, actively manages its assets and liabilities, counterparties and duration. AIG Parent s liquidity sources are held primarily in the form of cash and short-term investments. This strategy allows us to both diversify our sources of liquidity and reduce the cost of maintaining sufficient liquidity. 
 Within the U.S., the Life and Retirement and General Insurance investments are generally split between reserve backing and surplus portfolios. 
 Insurance reserves are backed mainly by investment grade fixed maturity securities that meet our duration, risk-return, tax, liquidity, credit quality and diversification objectives. We assess asset classes based on their fundamental underlying risk factors, including credit (public and private), commercial real estate and residential real estate, regardless of whether such investments are bonds, loans, or structured products. 
 Surplus investments seek to enhance portfolio returns and are generally comprised of a mix of fixed maturity investment grade and below investment grade securities and various alternative asset classes, including private equity, real estate equity, and hedge funds. Over the past few years, hedge fund investments have been reduced with more emphasis given to private equity, real estate and below investment grade credit. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 87 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

Outside of the U.S., fixed maturity securities held by our insurance companies consist primarily of investment-grade securities generally denominated in the currencies of the countries in which we operate. 
 We also utilize derivatives to manage our asset and liability duration as well as currency exposures. 
 Asset-Liability Management 
 The investment strategy within the General Insurance companies focuses on growth of surplus, maintenance of sufficient liquidity for unanticipated insurance claims, and preservation of capital. General Insurance invests primarily in fixed maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans. Fixed maturity securities of the General Insurance companies North America operations have an average duration of 4.0 years. Fixed maturity securities of the General Insurance companies International operations have an average duration of 3.2 years. 
 While invested assets backing reserves of the General Insurance companies are primarily invested in conventional liquid fixed maturity securities, we have continued to allocate to asset classes that offer higher yields through structural and illiquidity premiums, particularly in our North America operations. In addition, we continue to invest in both fixed rate and floating rate asset-backed investments to manage our exposure to potential changes in interest rates and inflation. We seek to diversify the portfolio across asset classes, sectors and issuers to mitigate idiosyncratic portfolio risks. 
 In addition, a portion of the surplus of General Insurance is invested in a diversified portfolio of alternative investments that seek to balance liquidity, volatility and growth of surplus. Although these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved yields in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio yields and have provided added diversification to the broader portfolio. 
 The investment strategy of the Life and Retirement companies is to provide net investment income to back liabilities that result in stable distributable earnings and enhance portfolio value, subject to asset-liability management, capital, liquidity and regulatory constraints. 
 The Life and Retirement companies use asset-liability management as a primary tool to monitor and manage risk in their businesses. The Life and Retirement companies maintain a diversified, high-to-medium quality portfolio of fixed maturity securities issued by corporations, municipalities and other governmental agencies; structured securities collateralized by, among other assets, residential and commercial real estate; and commercial mortgage loans that, to the extent practicable, match the duration characteristics of the liabilities. We seek to diversify the portfolio across asset classes, sectors, and issuers to mitigate idiosyncratic portfolio risks. The investment portfolio of each product line is tailored to the specific characteristics of its insurance liabilities, and as a result, duration varies between distinct portfolios. The interest rate environment has a direct impact on the asset-liability management profile of the businesses, and changes in the interest rate environment may result in the need to lengthen or shorten the duration of the portfolio. In a rising rate environment, we may shorten the duration of the investment portfolio. 
 Fixed maturity securities of the Life and Retirement companies domestic operations have an average duration of 7.2 years. 
 In addition, the Life and Retirement companies seek to enhance surplus portfolio returns through investments in a diversified portfolio of alternative investments. Although these alternative investments are subject to periodic earnings fluctuations, they have historically achieved returns in excess of the fixed maturity portfolio returns. 
 National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) Designations of Fixed Maturity Securities 
 The Securities Valuation Office (SVO) of the NAIC evaluates the investments of U.S. insurers for statutory reporting purposes and assigns fixed maturity securities to one of six categories called NAIC Designations. In general, NAIC Designations of 1 highest quality, or 2 high quality, include fixed maturity securities considered investment grade, while NAIC Designations of 3 through 6 generally include fixed maturity securities referred to as below investment grade. NAIC Designations for non-agency residential mortgage backed securities (RMBS) and commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS) are calculated using third party modeling results provided through the NAIC. These methodologies result in an improved NAIC Designation for such securities compared to the rating typically assigned by the three major rating agencies. The following tables summarize the ratings distribution of AIG subsidiaries fixed maturity security portfolio by NAIC Designation, and the distribution by composite AIG credit rating, which is generally based on ratings of the three major rating agencies. For fixed maturity securities where no NAIC Designation is assigned or able to be calculated using third-party data, the NAIC Designation category used in the first table below reflects an internal rating. 
 The NAIC Designations presented below do not reflect the added granularity to the designation categories adopted by the NAIC in 2020, which further subdivide each category of fixed maturity securities by appending letter modifiers to the numerical designations. 
 For a full description of the composite AIG credit ratings, see Credit Ratings below. 
 88 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

The following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio categorized by NAIC Designation, at fair value: 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions) NAIC Designation 1 2 Total Investment Grade 3 4 5 6 Total Below Investment Grade Total Other fixed maturity securities 88,366 67,549 155,915 7,494 7,952 855 374 16,675 172,590 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 50,682 6,828 57,510 360 91 30 39 520 58,030 Total 139,048 74,377 213,425 7,854 8,043 885 413 17,195 230,620 
 Excludes 21 million of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available. 
 The following table presents the fixed maturity security portfolio categorized by composite AIG credit rating, at fair value: 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions) Composite AIG Credit Rating AAA/AA/A BBB Total Investment Grade BB B CCC and Lower Total Below Investment Grade Total Other fixed maturity securities 91,247 64,215 155,462 7,669 8,155 1,304 17,128 172,590 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 44,823 7,435 52,258 537 428 4,807 5,772 58,030 Total 136,070 71,650 207,720 8,206 8,583 6,111 22,900 230,620 
 Excludes 21 million of fixed maturity securities for which no NAIC Designation is available. 
 
 CREDIT RATINGS 
 At December 31, 2022, approximately 88 percent of our fixed maturity securities were held by our domestic entities. Approximately 89 percent of these securities were rated investment grade by one or more of the principal rating agencies. 
 Moody s Investors Service Inc. (Moody s), Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S P Global Inc. (S P), or similar foreign rating services rate a significant portion of our foreign entities fixed maturity securities portfolio. Rating services are not available for some foreign-issued securities. Our Credit Risk Management department closely reviews the credit quality of the foreign portfolio s non-rated fixed maturity securities. At December 31, 2022, approximately 94 percent of such investments were either rated investment grade or, on the basis of our internal analysis, were equivalent from a credit standpoint to securities rated investment grade. Approximately 27 percent of the foreign entities fixed maturity securities portfolio is comprised of sovereign fixed maturity securities supporting policy liabilities in the country of issuance. 
 Composite AIG Credit Ratings 
 With respect to our fixed maturity securities, the credit ratings in the table below and in subsequent tables reflect: (i) a composite of the ratings of the three major rating agencies, or when agency ratings are not available, the NAIC Designation assigned by the NAIC SVO (99 percent of total fixed maturity securities), or (ii) our internal ratings when these investments have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies or the NAIC. The Non-rated category in those tables consists of fixed maturity securities that have not been rated by any of the major rating agencies, the NAIC or us. 
 For information regarding credit risks associated with Investments, see Enterprise Risk Management Credit Risk Management. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 89 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

The following table presents the composite AIG credit ratings of our fixed maturity securities calculated on the basis of their fair value: 
 Available for Sale Other Total (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Rating: Other fixed maturity securities AAA 13,477 15,578 36 1,756 13,513 17,334 AA 31,061 39,110 810 282 31,871 39,392 A 45,618 57,346 244 160 45,862 57,506 BBB 63,173 83,192 1,043 461 64,216 83,653 Below investment grade 16,538 17,795 432 314 16,970 18,109 Non-rated 175 1,638 4 179 1,638 Total 170,042 214,659 2,569 2,973 172,611 217,632 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized AAA 20,729 27,144 253 232 20,982 27,376 AA 15,706 15,688 659 485 16,365 16,173 A 7,186 6,685 289 197 7,475 6,882 BBB 6,857 5,492 578 725 7,435 6,217 Below investment grade 5,509 7,508 125 1,462 5,634 8,970 Non-rated 127 26 12 204 139 230 Total 56,114 62,543 1,916 3,305 58,030 65,848 Total AAA 34,206 42,722 289 1,988 34,495 44,710 AA 46,767 54,798 1,469 767 48,236 55,565 A 52,804 64,031 533 357 53,337 64,388 BBB 70,030 88,684 1,621 1,186 71,651 89,870 Below investment grade 22,047 25,303 557 1,776 22,604 27,079 Non-rated 302 1,664 16 204 318 1,868 Total 226,156 277,202 4,485 6,278 230,641 283,480 
 Available-for-Sale Investments 
 The following table presents the fair value of our available-for-sale securities: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Bonds available for sale: U.S. government and government sponsored entities 6,619 8,194 Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 12,099 14,527 Non-U.S. governments 13,485 16,330 Corporate debt 137,839 175,608 Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized: RMBS 18,817 27,287 CMBS 14,193 15,809 CLO/ABS 23,104 19,447 Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 56,114 62,543 Total bonds available for sale 226,156 277,202 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of bonds available for sale held by us that were below investment grade or not rated totaled 22.3 billion and 27.0 billion, respectively. 
 90 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

The following table presents the fair value of our aggregate credit exposures to non-U.S. governments for our fixed maturity securities: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Canada 1,312 1,233 Germany 856 702 Japan 812 1,230 France 636 731 Indonesia 514 634 United Kingdom 446 1,031 Australia 441 275 Chile 401 511 United Arab Emirates 380 484 Mexico 379 481 Other 7,374 9,094 Total 13,551 16,406 
 The following table presents the fair value of our aggregate European credit exposures by major sector for our fixed maturity securities: 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Total (in millions) Sovereign Financial Institution Non-Financial Corporates Structured Products Total Euro-Zone countries: Germany 856 223 2,343 3,422 3,610 France 636 1,276 1,007 2,919 3,870 Netherlands 193 833 999 35 2,060 2,652 Belgium 56 262 898 40 1,256 1,620 Ireland 9 12 357 789 1,167 1,958 Luxembourg 17 696 312 1,025 880 Spain 5 288 391 684 888 Italy 17 73 401 491 636 Denmark 175 69 130 374 518 Finland 31 30 36 97 150 Other Euro-Zone 253 23 276 379 Total Euro-Zone 2,248 3,762 6,897 864 13,771 17,161 Remainder of Europe: United Kingdom 446 3,661 7,607 778 12,492 16,908 Switzerland 29 708 712 1,449 1,884 Norway 276 112 219 607 797 Sweden 181 150 102 433 537 Jersey (Channel Islands) 3 149 35 123 310 225 Russian Federation 2 1 31 34 359 Other - Remainder of Europe 55 27 78 160 261 Total - Remainder of Europe 992 4,808 8,784 901 15,485 20,971 Total 3,240 8,570 15,681 1,765 29,256 38,132 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 91 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

Investments in Municipal Bonds 
 At December 31, 2022, the U.S. municipal bond portfolio was composed primarily of essential service revenue bonds and high-quality tax-exempt bonds with 97 percent of the portfolio rated A or higher. 
 The following table presents the fair values of our available for sale U.S. municipal bond portfolio by state and municipal bond type: 
 December 31, 2022 (in millions) State General Obligation Local General Obligation Revenue Total Fair Value December 31, 2021 Total Fair Value California 528 469 1,602 2,599 3,108 New York 50 204 1,953 2,207 2,765 Texas 32 442 694 1,168 1,416 Illinois 76 66 690 832 1,009 Massachusetts 245 20 332 597 666 Pennsylvania 62 2 327 391 397 Georgia 91 58 205 354 474 Florida 5 332 337 403 Ohio 8 326 334 488 New Jersey 13 2 293 308 282 Washington 104 6 169 279 359 Virginia 9 268 277 380 Washington, D.C. 10 207 217 293 All other states (a) 
 358 173 1,668 2,199 2,487 Total (b)(c) 
 1,591 1,442 9,066 12,099 14,527 
 (a) We did not have material credit exposure to the government of Puerto Rico. 
 (b) Excludes certain university and not-for-profit entities that issue their bonds in the corporate debt market. Includes industrial revenue bonds. 
 (c) Includes 327 million of pre-refunded municipal bonds. 
 Investments in Corporate Debt Securities 
 The following table presents the fair value of our available for sale corporate debt securities by industry categories: 
 Industry Category (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Financial institutions: Money center/Global bank groups 8,234 10,053 Regional banks other 418 434 Life insurance 2,207 3,094 Securities firms and other finance companies 354 350 Insurance non-life 5,067 6,795 Regional banks North America 5,832 7,228 Other financial institutions 16,491 18,255 Utilities 18,863 24,180 Communications 8,676 11,510 Consumer noncyclical 17,973 24,411 Capital goods 6,745 8,668 Energy 10,357 13,506 Consumer cyclical 10,963 13,279 Basic 4,715 6,041 Other 20,944 27,804 Total 137,839 175,608 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 89 percent and 90 percent, respectively, of these investments were rated investment grade. 
 
 92 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

Our investments in the energy category, as a percentage of total investments in available-for-sale fixed maturities, was 4.6 percent and 4.9 percent, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. While the energy investments are primarily investment grade and are actively managed, the category continues to experience volatility that could adversely affect credit quality and fair value. 
 Investments in RMBS 
 The following table presents the fair value of AIG s RMBS available for sale securities: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Agency RMBS 8,126 13,778 Alt-A RMBS 4,400 5,936 Subprime RMBS 1,819 2,329 Prime non-agency 2,064 3,058 Other housing related 2,408 2,186 Total RMBS (a)(b) 
 18,817 27,287 
 (a) Includes approximately 4.4 billion and 6.1 billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of certain RMBS that had experienced deterioration in credit quality since their origination. For additional information on Purchased Credit Deteriorated Securities, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (b) The weighted average expected life was seven years at December 31, 2022 and five years at December 31, 2021. 
 Our underwriting practices for investing in RMBS, other asset-backed securities (ABS) and CLOs take into consideration the quality of the originator, the manager, the servicer, security credit ratings, underlying characteristics of the mortgages, borrower characteristics, and the level of credit enhancement in the transaction. 
 Investments in CMBS 
 The following table presents the fair value of our CMBS available for sale securities: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 CMBS (traditional) 12,401 13,091 Agency 1,219 1,627 Other 573 1,091 Total 14,193 15,809 
 The fair value of CMBS holdings remained stable during 2022. The majority of our investments in CMBS are in tranches that contain substantial protection features through collateral subordination. The majority of CMBS holdings are traditional conduit transactions, broadly diversified across property types and geographical areas. 
 Investments in ABS/CLOs 
 The following table presents the fair value of our ABS/CLOs available for sale securities by collateral type: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Collateral Type: ABS 12,168 10,532 Bank loans 10,818 8,899 Other 118 16 Total 23,104 19,447 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 93 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

Unrealized Losses of Fixed Maturity Securities 
 The following table shows the aging of the unrealized losses of fixed maturity securities, the extent to which the fair value is less than amortized cost or cost, and the number of respective items in each category: 
 December 31, 2022 Less Than or Equal Greater Than 20 Greater Than 50 to 20 of Cost (b) 
 to 50 of Cost (b) 
 of Cost (b) 
 Total Aging (a) 
 Unrealized Unrealized Unrealized Unrealized (dollars in millions) Cost (c) 
 Loss Items (e) 
 Cost (c) 
 Loss Items (e) 
 Cost (c) 
 Loss Items (e) 
 Cost (c) 
 Loss (d) 
 Items (e) 
 Investment grade bonds 0-6 months 112,241 9,459 19,888 41,590 12,117 4,326 554 299 30 154,385 21,875 24,244 7-11 months 28,548 2,548 3,358 3,779 1,002 221 20 12 1 32,347 3,562 3,580 12 months or more 12,413 1,294 1,406 11,638 3,360 921 195 109 12 24,246 4,763 2,339 Total 153,202 13,301 24,652 57,007 16,479 5,468 769 420 43 210,978 30,200 30,163 Below investment grade bonds 0-6 months 8,542 597 3,509 1,303 364 483 71 48 29 9,916 1,009 4,021 7-11 months 4,321 227 1,432 187 45 58 8 6 5 4,516 278 1,495 12 months or more 4,177 283 1,214 346 93 92 11 10 4 4,534 386 1,310 Total 17,040 1,107 6,155 1,836 502 633 90 64 38 18,966 1,673 6,826 Total bonds 0-6 months 120,783 10,056 23,397 42,893 12,481 4,809 625 347 59 164,301 22,884 28,265 7-11 months 32,869 2,775 4,790 3,966 1,047 279 28 18 6 36,863 3,840 5,075 12 months or more 16,590 1,577 2,620 11,984 3,453 1,013 206 119 16 28,780 5,149 3,649 Total (e) 
 170,242 14,408 30,807 58,843 16,981 6,101 859 484 81 229,944 31,873 36,989 
 (a) Represents the number of consecutive months that fair value has been less than cost by any amount. 
 (b) Represents the percentage by which fair value is less than cost. 
 (c) For bonds, represents amortized cost net of allowance. 
 (d) The effect on Net income of unrealized losses after taxes will be mitigated upon realization because certain realized losses will result in current decreases in the amortization of certain DAC. 
 (e) Item count is by CUSIP by subsidiary. 
 The allowance for credit losses was 11 million for investment grade bonds and 175 million for below investment grade bonds as of December 31, 2022. 
 Commercial Mortgage Loans 
 At December 31, 2022, we had direct commercial mortgage loan exposure of 37.1 billion. 
 The following table presents the commercial mortgage loan exposure by location and class of loan based on amortized cost: 
 Number of Loans Class Percent of Total (dollars in millions) Apartments Offices Retail Industrial Hotel Others Total December 31, 2022 State: New York 81 1,571 4,502 490 404 104 7,071 19 California 59 847 1,068 170 1,316 656 13 4,070 11 New Jersey 65 2,154 163 439 497 11 32 3,296 9 Texas 47 857 998 153 184 143 2,335 6 Massachusetts 16 576 443 521 23 1,563 4 Florida 57 491 119 362 199 391 1,562 4 Illinois 22 584 623 3 46 21 1,277 4 Ohio 23 145 10 168 544 867 2 Pennsylvania 18 75 133 255 223 23 709 2 Washington, D.C. 9 483 116 17 616 2 Other states 139 2,239 494 842 961 278 19 4,833 13 Foreign 93 4,575 1,606 413 1,609 404 322 8,929 24 Total 629 14,597 10,275 3,816 6,006 2,027 407 37,128 100 
 94 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

December 31, 2021 State: New York 94 2,217 4,329 450 438 103 7,537 21 California 62 817 1,293 239 553 761 13 3,676 10 New Jersey 48 2,092 30 462 225 11 33 2,853 8 Texas 49 630 1,133 167 187 144 2,261 6 Florida 60 469 152 368 214 281 1,484 4 Massachusetts 13 534 290 537 24 1,385 4 Illinois 24 554 626 9 50 21 1,260 5 Pennsylvania 22 78 144 477 76 25 800 2 Washington, D.C. 11 455 184 18 657 2 Ohio 25 167 10 175 289 641 2 Other states 155 1,852 598 975 686 329 4,440 12 Foreign 86 4,402 1,341 998 1,116 449 365 8,671 24 Total 649 14,267 10,130 4,857 3,858 2,121 432 35,665 100 
 Does not reflect allowance for credit losses. 
 For additional information on commercial mortgage loans, see Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Net Realized Gains and Losses 
 The following table presents the components of Net realized gains (losses): 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in millions) Excluding Fortitude Re Funds Withheld Assets Fortitude Re Funds Withheld Assets Total Excluding Fortitude Re Funds Withheld Assets Fortitude Re Funds Withheld Assets Total Excluding Fortitude Re Funds Withheld Assets Fortitude Re Funds Withheld Assets Total Sales of fixed maturity securities (871) (311) (1,182) 211 717 928 307 707 1,014 Intent to sell (66) (66) (3) (3) Change in allowance for credit losses on fixed maturity securities (184) (32) (216) 19 7 26 (270) (10) (280) Change in allowance for credit losses on loans (55) (47) (102) 163 9 172 (105) 2 (103) Foreign exchange transactions (17) (5) (22) 16 (5) 11 365 13 378 Variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges 1,221 1,221 (39) (39) 166 166 All other derivatives and hedge accounting 1,814 (134) 1,680 179 28 207 (672) (249) (921) Sales of alternative investments and real estate investments 193 43 236 988 237 1,225 143 143 Other (39) (39) 214 10 224 13 13 Net realized gains (losses) excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative 1,996 (486) 1,510 1,751 1,003 2,754 (56) 463 407 Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative 7,481 7,481 (603) (603) (2,645) (2,645) Net realized gains (losses) 1,996 6,995 8,991 1,751 400 2,151 (56) (2,182) (2,238) 
 
 Higher Net realized capital gains excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld assets in 2022 compared to the prior year were due primarily to higher derivative gains, which was partially offset by losses in sales of securities versus gains in the prior year. 
 Variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges, reflected higher gains in 2022 compared to the prior year. Fair value gains or losses in the hedging portfolio are typically not fully offset by increases or decreases in liabilities due to the non-performance or own credit risk adjustment used in the valuation of the variable annuities with GMWB embedded derivative, which are not hedged as part of our economic hedging program, and other risk margins used for valuation that cause the embedded derivatives to be less sensitive to changes in market rates than the hedge portfolio. 
 Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets primarily reflect changes in the valuation of the modified coinsurance and funds withheld assets. Increases in the valuation of these assets result in losses to AIG as the appreciation on the assets must under those reinsurance arrangements be transferred to Fortitude Re. Decreases in valuation of the assets result in gains to AIG as the depreciation on the assets under those reinsurance arrangements must be transferred to Fortitude Re. For 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 95 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Investments 

additional information on the impact of the funds withheld arrangements with Fortitude Re, see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 For additional information on market risk management related to these product features, see Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risks Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks Variable Annuity, Fixed Index Annuity and Index Universal Life Risk Management and Hedging Programs. For additional information on the economic hedging target and the impact to pre-tax income of this program, see Insurance Reserves Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results in this MD A. 
 For additional information on our investment portfolio, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Change in Unrealized Gains and Losses on Investments 
 The change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2022 was primarily attributable to decrease in the fair value of fixed maturity securities. For 2022, net unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities were 47.7 billion due to an increase in interest rates and spreads. 
 The change in net unrealized gains and losses on investments in 2021 was primarily attributable to movements in interest rates and spreads. For 2021, net unrealized losses related to fixed maturity securities were 9.3 billion due primarily to an increase in interest rates. 
 For additional information on our investment portfolio, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Insurance Reserves 
 
 LIABILITY FOR UNPAID LOSSES AND LOSS ADJUSTMENT EXPENSES (LOSS RESERVES) 
 The following table presents the components of our gross and net loss reserves by segment and major lines of business (a) : 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (in millions) Net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Gross liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Gross liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses General Insurance: U.S. Workers' Compensation (net of discount) 2,684 4,319 7,003 3,282 5,216 8,498 U.S. Excess Casualty 3,638 3,701 7,339 3,850 4,195 8,045 U.S. Other Casualty 3,858 3,872 7,730 3,805 4,191 7,996 U.S. Financial Lines 5,899 1,773 7,672 5,356 1,893 7,249 U.S. Property and Special Risks 6,815 3,295 10,110 6,615 3,587 10,202 U.S. Personal Insurance 794 2,052 2,846 1,001 2,198 3,199 UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines 6,984 1,538 8,522 7,175 1,603 8,778 UK/Europe Property and Special Risks 2,717 1,464 4,181 2,631 1,492 4,123 UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 1,628 592 2,220 1,962 608 2,570 Other product lines (b) 
 5,999 4,834 10,833 5,815 5,468 11,283 Unallocated loss adjustment expenses (b) 
 1,418 927 2,345 1,654 1,015 2,669 Total General Insurance 42,434 28,367 70,801 43,146 31,466 74,612 Other Operations Run-Off: U.S. run-off long tail insurance lines (net of discount) 239 3,427 3,666 164 3,434 3,598 Other run-off product lines 245 59 304 264 61 325 Blackboard U.S. Holdings, Inc. 134 135 269 217 138 355 Unallocated loss adjustment expenses 13 114 127 22 114 136 Total Other Operations Run-Off 631 3,735 4,366 667 3,747 4,414 Total 43,065 32,102 75,167 43,813 35,213 79,026 
 (a) Includes net loss reserve discount of 1.3 billion and 876 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. For information regarding loss reserve discount, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (b) Other product lines and Unallocated loss adjustment expenses includes Gross liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense and Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense for the Fortitude Re reinsurance of 2.9 billion and 3.5 billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 96 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

Prior Year Development 
 The following table summarizes incurred (favorable) unfavorable prior year development net of reinsurance by segment: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 General Insurance: North America (196) (194) (157) International (322) (7) 81 Total General Insurance (518) (201) (76) Other Operations Run-Off (5) 86 2 Total prior year favorable development (523) (115) (74) 
 Includes the amortization attributed to the deferred gain at inception from the National Indemnity Company (NICO) adverse development reinsurance agreement of 167 million, 193 million and 211 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Consistent with our definition of APTI, the amount excludes the portion of (favorable)/unfavorable prior year reserve development for which we have ceded the risk under the NICO reinsurance agreements of (174) million, (249) million and (228) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Also excludes the related changes in amortization of the deferred gain, which were 85 million, (3) million and 25 million over those same periods. 
 Net Loss Development 2022 
 During 2022, we recognized favorable prior year loss reserve development of 523 million. The key components of this development were: 
 North America 
 Favorable development in U.S Workers' Compensation reflecting continued favorable loss experience across most accident years particularly for excess and guaranteed cost segments. 
 Favorable development in U.S. Excess Casualty particularly in lead and mid-excess retail segments. 
 Favorable development in U.S. Other Casualty in the Commercial Auto, General Liability and Construction Wraps business. 
 Amortization benefit related to the deferred gain on the adverse development cover. 
 Unfavorable development driven by U.S. Financial Lines driven by unfavorable severity trends in Excess and Primary D O and Excess and Financial Institutions E O, partially offset by favorable results in EPLI. 
 International 
 Favorable development on Global Specialty across all products in all regions. 
 Favorable development in International Personal Lines particularly with Auto and A H coverages in Japan as well as favorable experience recognized in Europe and the UK. 
 Unfavorable development in Casualty in Europe Excess Casualty and French Auto as well as large loss experience in the UK, partially offset by favorable experience in APAC Casualty. 
 Unfavorable development in Financial Lines primarily in the UK for M A, Commercial PI and Commercial D O. 
 Our analyses and conclusions about prior year reserves also help inform our judgments about the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratios we selected. 
 For additional information on prior year development by line of business, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For information regarding actuarial methods employed for major classes of business, see Critical Accounting Estimates. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 97 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

The following tables summarize incurred (favorable) unfavorable prior year development net of reinsurance, by segment and major lines of business, and by accident year groupings: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in millions) Total 2021 2020 Prior General Insurance North America: U.S. Workers' Compensation (419) (27) (392) U.S. Excess Casualty (8) (8) U.S. Other Casualty (167) (2) (165) U.S. Financial Lines 658 (22) 680 U.S. Property and Special Risks (106) (207) 101 U.S. Personal Insurance (33) 17 (50) Other Product Lines (121) (45) (76) Total General Insurance North America (196) (286) 90 General Insurance International: UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines 82 (1) 83 UK/Europe Property and Special Risks (153) (29) (124) UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance (111) (69) (42) Other product lines (140) (85) (55) Total General Insurance International (322) (184) (138) Other Operations Run-Off (5) (5) Total Prior Year (Favorable) Unfavorable Development (523) (470) (53) 
 Net Loss Development 2021 
 During 2021, we recognized favorable prior year loss reserve development of 115 million. The key components of this development were: 
 North America 
 Strong favorable development in Personal Insurance, primarily attributable to subrogation recovery related to the 2017 and 2018 California wildfires partially offset by the impact of dropping below the attachment point of our 2018 catastrophe aggregate treaty, which also adversely impacted our U.S. Property and Special Risk Commercial Lines. 
 Favorable development on U.S. Workers Compensation and short-tailed commercial lines within Other Product Lines, reflecting lower frequency and severity in recent calendar years. 
 Amortization benefit related to the deferred gain on the adverse development cover. 
 Reserve strengthening within U.S. Financial Lines, reflecting higher severity of claims in Directors Officers, principally from accident years 2018 and prior, and cyber risk from accident years 2019 and 2020. 
 International 
 Favorable development on short-tailed International Commercial Lines and Personal Insurance, reflecting lower frequency and severity of claims. 
 Reserve strengthening on International Financial Lines, reflecting higher severity of claims, the majority of which is from accident years 2018 and prior. 
 Other Operations 
 Unfavorable development primarily attributed to the Blackboard insurance portfolio due to increased severity on reported claims. 
 We note that for certain categories of claims (e.g., construction defect claims and environmental claims) and for reinsurance recoverable, losses may sometimes be reclassified to an earlier or later accident year as more information about the date of occurrence becomes available to us. 
 For information regarding the 2020 net loss development, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Insurance Reserves Loss Reserves of our 2021 Annual Report. 
 Significant Reinsurance Agreements 
 In the first quarter of 2017, we entered into an adverse development reinsurance agreement with NICO, under which we transferred to NICO 80 percent of the reserve risk on substantially all of our U.S. Commercial long-tail exposures for accident years 2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we ceded to NICO 80 percent of the losses on subject business paid on or after January 1, 2016 in excess of 25 billion of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of 25 billion. We account for this transaction as retroactive reinsurance. This 
 98 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

transaction resulted in a gain, which under GAAP retroactive reinsurance accounting is deferred and amortized into income over the settlement period. NICO created a collateral trust account as security for their claim payment obligations to us, into which they deposited the consideration paid under the agreement, and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has provided a parental guarantee to secure NICO s obligations under the agreement. 
 For a description of AIG s catastrophe reinsurance protection for 2021, see Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risks General Insurance Companies Key Risks Natural Catastrophe Risk. 
 The table below shows the calculation of the deferred gain on the adverse development reinsurance agreement as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, showing the effect of discounting of loss reserves and amortization of the deferred gain. 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2020 Gross Covered Losses Covered reserves before discount 12,537 14,398 16,534 Inception to date losses paid 28,667 27,023 25,198 Attachment point (25,000) (25,000) (25,000) Covered losses above attachment point 16,204 16,421 16,732 Deferred Gain Development Covered losses above attachment ceded to NICO (80 12,963 13,137 13,386 Consideration paid including interest (10,188) (10,188) (10,188) Pre-tax deferred gain before discount and amortization 2,775 2,949 3,198 Discount on ceded losses (a) 
 (1,254) (953) (911) Pre-tax deferred gain before amortization 1,521 1,996 2,287 Inception to date amortization of deferred gain at inception (1,264) (1,097) (904) Inception to date amortization attributed to changes in deferred gain (b) 
 (52) (30) (86) Deferred gain liability reflected in AIG's balance sheet 205 869 1,297 
 (a) The accretion of discount and a reduction in effective interest rates is offset by changes in estimates of the amount and timing of future recoveries. 
 (b) Excluded from APTI. 
 The following table presents the rollforward of activity in the deferred gain from the adverse development reinsurance agreement: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Balance at beginning of year, net of discount 869 1,297 1,381 (Favorable) unfavorable prior year reserve development ceded to NICO (a) 
 (174) (249) (228) Amortization attributed to deferred gain at inception (b) 
 (167) (193) (211) Amortization attributed to changes in deferred gain (c) 
 (22) 56 15 Changes in discount on ceded loss reserves (301) (42) 340 Balance at end of year, net of discount 205 869 1,297 
 (a) Prior year reserve development ceded to NICO under the retroactive reinsurance agreement is deferred under GAAP. 
 (b) Represents amortization of the deferred gain recognized in APTI. 
 (c) Excluded from APTI. 
 The lines of business subject to this agreement include those with longer tails, which carry a higher degree of uncertainty. Since inception, there have been periods of unfavorable prior year development, with more recent favorable development. This agreement will continue to reduce the impact of volatility in the development on our ultimate loss estimates over time. The agreement has resulted in lower capital charges for reserve risks at our U.S. insurance subsidiaries. In addition, net investment income declined as a result of lower invested assets. 
 Fortitude Re was established during the first quarter of 2018 in a series of reinsurance transactions related to our run-off operations. Those reinsurance transactions were designed to consolidate most of our insurance run-off lines into a single legal entity. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 29.0 billion of reserves from our Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines and approximately 3.2 billion of reserves from our General Insurance Run-Off Lines related to business written by multiple wholly-owned AIG subsidiaries, had been ceded to Fortitude Re under these reinsurance transactions. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 99 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

Of the Fortitude Re reinsurance agreements, the largest is the Amended and Restated Combination Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement by and between our subsidiary AGL and Fortitude Re. Under this treaty, approximately 22.1 billion of AGL reserves as of December 31, 2022 were ceded to Fortitude Re representing a mix of life and annuity risks. Fortitude Re provides 100 percent reinsurance of the ceded risks. AGL retains the risk of collection of any third party reinsurance covering the ceded business. At effectiveness of the treaty, an amount equal to the aggregate ceded reserves was deposited by AGL into a modified coinsurance account of AGL to secure the obligations of Fortitude Re. Fortitude Re receives or makes quarterly payments that represent the net gain or loss under the treaty for the relevant quarter, including any net investment gain or loss on the assets in the modified coinsurance account. Since the effectiveness of the treaty, an AIG affiliate has served as portfolio manager of the vast majority of the assets in the modified coinsurance account. In December 2022, the management of most of the public fixed income securities in the modified coinsurance account was transitioned to BlackRock. In accordance with the terms of the treaty, following the third anniversary of the June 2, 2020 closing of the sale of our majority interest in Fortitude Group Holdings, L.L.C., Fortitude Re has increased rights to direct the appointment of investment managers to manage the assets in the modified coinsurance account. 
 
 LIFE AND ANNUITY FUTURE POLICY BENEFITS, POLICYHOLDER CONTRACT DEPOSITS AND DAC 
 The following section provides discussion of life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and deferred policy acquisition costs. 
 For information regarding 2020 life and annuity future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits and deferred policy acquisition costs, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Insurance Reserves Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC of our 2021 Annual Report. 
 
 Update of Actuarial Assumptions and Models 
 The life insurance companies review and update actuarial assumptions at least annually, generally in the third quarter. 
 Investment-Oriented Products 
 The life insurance companies review and update estimated gross profit assumptions used to amortize DAC and related items (which may include VOBA, DSI and unearned revenue reserves) as well as assessments used to accrue guaranteed benefit reserves at least annually. Estimated gross profit projections include assumptions for investment-related returns and spreads (including investment expenses), product-related fees and expenses, mortality gains and losses, policyholder behavior and other factors. In estimating future gross profits, lapse assumptions require judgment and can have a material impact on DAC amortization. If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change significantly, DAC and related reserves are recalculated using the new projections, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. Updating such projections may result in acceleration of amortization in some products and deceleration of amortization in other products. 
 The life insurance companies also review assumptions related to their respective GMWB living benefits that are accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at fair value. The fair value of these embedded derivatives is based on actuarial assumptions, including policyholder behavior, as well as capital market assumptions. 
 Various assumptions were updated, including the following effective September 30, 2022, which continued to be our best estimate assumptions as of December 31, 2022: 
 Expected lapses increased primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates for fixed annuities in Individual Retirement; and 
 Interest rates and equity correlation used to generate risk neutral path for variable annuities in Individual Retirement and Group Retirement decreased resulting in a reduction of GMWB embedded derivatives. 
 For information regarding actuarial methods, see Critical Accounting Estimates Estimated Gross Profits to Value Deferred Acquisition Costs and Unearned Revenue for Investment-Oriented Products. 
 Traditional long-duration products 
 For long-duration traditional products, which include whole life insurance, term life insurance, accident and health insurance, long term care insurance, and life-contingent single premium immediate annuities and structured settlements, a lock-in principle applies. The assumptions used to calculate the benefit liabilities and DAC are set when a policy is issued and do not change with changes in actual experience, unless a loss recognition event occurs. A loss recognition event occurs when current liabilities together with expected future premiums are not sufficient to provide for all future benefits, expenses, and DAC amortization, net of reinsurance. A loss recognition event is driven by observed changes in actual experience or estimates differing significantly from locked-in assumptions. Underlying assumptions, including interest rates, are reviewed periodically and updated as appropriate for loss recognition testing purposes. As it relates to business ceded to Fortitude Re, as our accounting policy is to include reinsurance balances when performing loss recognition testing and as there will be no future profits recognized on this business, we will not incur any future loss recognition events related to business ceded to Fortitude Re, absent any decisions by us to recapture the business. The net increases (decreases) to pre-tax income and adjusted pre-tax income as a result of the update of actuarial assumptions for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 are shown in the following tables. 
 100 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

The following table presents the decrease in pre-tax income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions in the life insurance companies, by line item as reported in Results of Operations: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Premiums (41) Policy fees (3) (74) (106) Interest credited to policyholder account balances (15) (50) (6) Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs (56) (139) 225 Non deferrable insurance commissions 15 Policyholder benefits and losses incurred 17 138 (235) Decrease in adjusted pre-tax income (57) (166) (107) Change in DAC related to net realized gains and losses (19) 57 (44) Net realized gains (losses) 70 (100) 142 Decrease in pre-tax income (6) (209) (9) 
 The following table presents the increase (decrease) in adjusted pre-tax income resulting from the update of actuarial assumptions for the life insurance companies, by segment and product line: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Life and Retirement: Individual Retirement Fixed annuities (83) (274) (77) Variable and indexed annuities (3) 4 2 Total Individual Retirement (86) (270) (75) Group Retirement 2 (2) 68 Life Insurance 24 106 (101) Institutional Markets 3 1 Total decrease in adjusted pre-tax income from update of assumptions (57) (166) (107) 
 In 2022, adjusted pre-tax income included a net unfavorable update of 57 million, primarily in fixed annuities driven by the impact of higher interest rates on expected lapses. 
 In 2021, adjusted pre-tax income included a net unfavorable update of 166 million, primarily in fixed annuities driven by changes to earned rates causing spread compression partially offset by favorable updates to full surrender assumptions, and updates to the Life Insurance reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees and similar features (excluding base policy liabilities and embedded derivatives) model. 
 The updates related to the update of actuarial assumptions in each period are discussed by business segment below. 
 Update of Actuarial Assumptions by Business Segment Impact to Adjusted Pre-tax Income (Loss) 
 Individual Retirement 
 The annual update of actuarial assumptions resulted in net unfavorable impact to adjusted pre-tax income of Individual Retirement of 86 million and 270 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 In 2022, in fixed annuities, the impact of higher interest rates on expected lapses resulted in a net unfavorable impact of 83 million. In 2021, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net unfavorable impact of 274 million which reflected lower projected investment earnings. 
 In 2022, in variable and index annuities, the update of assumptions resulted in a net unfavorable impact of 3 million due to a small model refinement. In 2021, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net favorable impact of 4 million, driven by lower assumed lapses. These updates were largely offset by lower projected investment earnings. 
 Group Retirement 
 In 2022, in Group Retirement, the update of assumptions resulted in a net favorable impact of 2 million. In 2021, the update of estimated gross profit assumptions resulted in a net unfavorable impact of 2 million, driven primarily in the variable annuities line by lower projected investment earnings, largely offset by resetting the reversion to the mean rate. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 101 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

Life Insurance 
 In 2022, in Life Insurance, the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net favorable impact of 24 million, primarily driven by modeling refinements to reflect actual vs expected asset data related to calls and capital gains. In 2021, for the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net favorable impact of 106 million, primarily driven by updates to the reserves for universal life with secondary guarantees and similar features (excluding base policy liabilities and embedded derivatives), which was partially offset by lower projected investment earnings and model updates involving reinsurance. 
 Institutional Markets 
 In 2022, in Institutional Markets, the update of actuarial assumptions resulted in a net favorable impact of 3 million, primarily driven by updates to our corporate- and bank-owned life insurance products. 
 
 Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results 
 Our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement businesses offer variable annuity products with GMWB riders that provide guaranteed living benefit features. The liabilities for GMWBs are accounted for as embedded derivatives and measured at fair value. The fair value of the embedded derivatives may fluctuate significantly based on market interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads, market volatility, policyholder behavior and other factors. 
 In addition to risk-mitigating features in our variable annuity product design, we have an economic hedging program designed to manage market risk from GMWB, including exposures to changes in interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and volatility. The hedging program utilizes derivative instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts and interest rate swap and option contracts, as well as fixed maturity securities. 
 For additional information on market risk management related to these product features, see Enterprise Risk Management Insurance Risks Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks Variable Annuity, Fixed Index Annuity and Index Universal Life Risk Management and Hedging Programs. 
 Differences in Valuation of Embedded Derivatives and Economic Hedge Target 
 The variable annuity hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents an estimate of the underlying economic risks in our GMWB riders. The economic hedge target differs from the GAAP valuation of the GMWB embedded derivatives, creating volatility in our net income (loss) primarily due to the following: 
 The economic hedge target includes 100 percent of rider fees in present value calculations; the GAAP valuation reflects only those fees attributed to the embedded derivative such that the initial value at contract issue equals zero; 
 The economic hedge target uses best estimate actuarial assumptions and excludes explicit risk margins used for GAAP valuation, such as margins for policyholder behavior, mortality, and volatility; and 
 The economic hedge target excludes the non-performance or own credit risk adjustment used in the GAAP valuation, which reflects a market participant s view of our claims-paying ability by incorporating a different spread (the NPA spread) to the curve used to discount projected benefit cash flows. Because the GAAP valuation includes the NPA spread and other explicit risk margins, it has different sensitivities to movements in interest rates and other market factors, and to changes from actuarial assumption updates, than the economic hedge target. For additional information on our valuation methodology for embedded derivatives within policyholder contract deposits, see Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The market value of the hedge portfolio compared to the economic hedge target at any point in time may be different and is not expected to be fully offsetting. In addition to the derivatives held in conjunction with the variable annuity hedging program, the Life and Retirement companies have cash and invested assets available to cover future claims payable under these guarantees. The primary sources of difference between the change in the fair value of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target include: 
 Basis risk due to the variance between expected and actual fund returns, which may be either positive or negative; 
 Realized volatility versus implied volatility; 
 Actual versus expected changes in the hedge target driven by assumptions not subject to hedging, particularly policyholder behavior; and 
 Risk exposures that we have elected not to explicitly or fully hedge. 
 102 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

The following table presents a reconciliation between the fair value of the GAAP embedded derivatives and the value of our economic hedge target: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Reconciliation of embedded derivatives and economic hedge target: Embedded derivative liability 677 2,472 Exclude non-performance risk adjustment (2,362) (2,508) Embedded derivative liability, excluding NPA 3,039 4,980 Adjustments for risk margins and differences in valuation (2,142) (2,172) Economic hedge target liability 897 2,808 
 Impact on Pre-tax Income (Loss) 
 The impact on our pre-tax income (loss) of variable annuity guaranteed living benefits and related hedging results includes changes in the fair value of the GMWB embedded derivatives, and changes in the fair value of related derivative hedging instruments, both of which are recorded in Net realized gains (losses). Realized gains (losses), as well as net investment income from changes in the fair value of fixed maturity securities used in the hedging program, are excluded from adjusted pre-tax income of Individual Retirement and Group Retirement. 
 The change in the fair value of the embedded derivatives and the change in the value of the hedging portfolio are not expected to be fully offsetting, primarily due to the differences in valuation between the economic hedge target, the GAAP embedded derivatives and the fair value of the hedging portfolio, as discussed above. When corporate credit spreads widen, the change in the NPA spread generally reduces the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities, resulting in a gain, and when corporate credit spreads narrow or tighten, the change in the NPA spread generally increases the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities, resulting in a loss. In addition to changes driven by credit market-related movements in the NPA spread, the NPA balance also reflects changes in business activity and in the net amount at risk from the underlying guaranteed living benefits. 
 The following table presents the net increase (decrease) to consolidated pre-tax income (loss) from changes in the fair value of the GMWB embedded derivatives and related hedges, excluding related DAC amortization: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Change in fair value of embedded derivatives, excluding updated of actuarial assumptions and NPA 2,671 2,289 (1,145) Change in fair value of variable annuity hedging portfolio: Fixed maturity securities 30 57 44 Interest rate derivative contracts (2,188) (600) 1,342 Equity derivative contracts 805 (1,217) (679) Change in fair value of variable annuity hedging portfolio (1,353) (1,760) 707 Change in fair value of embedded derivatives, excluding updated of actuarial assumptions and NPA, net of hedging portfolio 1,318 529 (438) Change in fair value of embedded derivatives due to NPA spread 915 (68) 50 Change in fair value of embedded derivatives due to change in NPA volume (1,061) (383) 404 Change in fair value of embedded derivatives due to update of actuarial assumptions 79 (60) 194 Total change due to update of actuarial assumptions and NPA (67) (511) 648 Net impact on pre-tax income (loss) 1,251 18 210 Impact to Condensed Consolidated Income Statement Net investment income, net of related interest credited to policyholder account balances 30 57 44 Net realized gains (losses) 1,221 (39) 166 Net impact on pre-tax income (loss) 1,251 18 210 Net change in value of economic hedge target and related hedges Net impact on economic gains (losses) 714 109 295 
 The change in fair value of available-for-sale fixed maturity securities recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) were losses of 527 million in 2022 due to higher interest rates and wider credit spreads. The change in fair value of available-for-sale fixed maturity securities recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) were losses of 122 million in 2021, due to higher interest rates. The change in fair value of available-for-sale fixed maturity securities recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) were gains of 217 million in 2020. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 103 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

The twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 net impact on pre-tax income (loss) of 1.3 billion resulted from: 
 1.3 billion gain in the fair value of embedded derivatives excluding NPA, net of the hedging portfolio was driven by increases in interest rates, partially offset by lower equity markets. 
 146 million loss due to NPA was driven by the impact of higher interest rates that resulted in NPA volume losses from lower expected GMWB payments, partially offset by a widening of the NPA credit spread. 
 79 million gain from the review and update of actuarial assumptions. 
 On an economic basis, the changes in the fair value of the hedge portfolio were partially offset by the changes in the economic hedge target. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, we had a net mark-to-market gain of approximately 714 million from our hedging activities related to our economic hedge target primarily driven by widening credit spreads and update of actuarial assumptions. 
 The twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021 net impact on pre-tax income (loss) of 18 million resulted from: 
 529 million gain in the fair value of embedded derivatives excluding NPA, net of the hedging portfolio was driven by increases in interest rates and higher equity markets. 
 451 million loss due to NPA was driven by a tightening of the NPA credit spread, and the impact of higher interest rates that resulted in NPA volume losses from lower expected GMWB payments. 
 60 million loss from the review and update of actuarial assumptions 
 On an economic basis, the changes in the fair value of the hedge portfolio were partially offset by the changes in the economic hedge target. In the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, we had a net mark-to-market gain of approximately 109 million from our hedging activities related to our economic hedge target primarily driven by higher equity markets, partially offset by losses from the review and update of actuarial assumptions. 
 Change in Economic Hedge Target 
 The decrease in the economic hedge target liability in 2022 was primarily driven by higher interest rates and widening credit spreads, offset by lower equity markets. The decrease in the economic hedge target liability in 2021 was primarily driven higher interest rates and rising equity markets, partially offset by losses from the review and update of actuarial assumptions. 
 Change in Fair Value of the Hedging Portfolio 
 The changes in the fair value of the economic hedge target and, to a lesser extent, the embedded derivative valuation under GAAP, were offset in part by the following changes in the fair value of the variable annuity hedging portfolio: 
 Changes in the fair value of interest rate derivative contracts, which included swaps, swaptions and futures, resulted in losses driven by higher interest rates in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Changes in the fair value of equity derivative contracts, which included futures and options, resulted in gains in 2022 driven by the decline in the equity market compared to losses in 2021, primarily due to gains in the equity market. 
 Changes in the fair value of fixed maturity securities, primarily corporate bonds, are used as a capital-efficient way to economically hedge interest rate and credit spread-related risk. The change in the fair value of the corporate bond hedging program in 2022 reflected losses due to increases in interest rates and widening credit spreads. The change in the fair value of the corporate bond hedging program in 2021 reflected losses due to higher interest rates. 
 104 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

DAC 
 The following table summarizes the major components of the changes in DAC, including VOBA, within the Life and Retirement companies: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year 8,086 7,316 8,119 Initial allowance upon the adoption of the current expected credit loss accounting standard 15 Acquisition costs deferred 1,001 1,010 910 Amortization expense: Update of assumptions included in adjusted pre-tax income (56) (139) 225 Related to realized gains and losses (302) (33) 8 All other operating amortization (1,074) (834) (856) Increase (decrease) in DAC due to foreign exchange (77) (10) 18 Change related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments 5,633 776 (1,123) Balance, end of year (a) 
 13,211 8,086 7,316 
 (a) DAC balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments was 10.0 billion, 10.5 billion and 10.5 billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 The net impact to DAC amortization from the update of actuarial assumptions for estimated gross profits, including those reported within change in DAC related to net realized gains (losses), represented one percent and one percent of the DAC balance excluding the amount related to unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of investments as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Reversion to the Mean 
 The projected separate account returns on variable annuities use a reversion-to-the-mean (RTM) approach, under which we consider historical returns and adjust projected returns over an initial future period of five years so that returns converge to the long-term expected rate of return. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we assumed a 7 long-term expected rate of return. The criterion to review the five-year RTM anchor date is for the current RTM rate to be less than zero or more than double the long-term growth rate assumption for three consecutive months. When the anchor date is reset, the RTM rate is determined to be approximately one-half of the long-term rate. Should market returns be significantly out of line with our expectations there are caps and floors that if breached would trigger a reassessment of the long-term rate and the RTM rate. 
 For additional discussion of assumptions related to our reversion to the mean methodology, see Update of Actuarial Assumptions and Models and Critical Accounting Estimates Estimated Gross Profits to Value Deferred Acquisition Costs and Unearned Revenue for Investment-Oriented Products. 
 DAC and Reserves Related to Unrealized Appreciation of Investments 
 DAC and Reserves for universal life insurance and investment-oriented products are adjusted at each balance sheet date to reflect the change in DAC, unearned revenue, and benefit reserves with an offset to Other comprehensive income (loss) (OCI) as if securities available for sale had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields (changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments). Similarly, for long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional future policy benefit liabilities with an offset to OCI to be recorded. 
 Changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments related to DAC and unearned revenue generally move in the opposite direction of the change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale securities portfolio, reducing the reported DAC and unearned revenue balance when market interest rates decline. Conversely, changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments related to benefit reserves generally move in the same direction as the change in unrealized appreciation of the available for sale securities portfolio, increasing reported future policy benefit liabilities balance when market interest rates decline. 
 Market conditions in 2022 drove a 40.2 billion decrease in the unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of the available for sale fixed maturity securities portfolio held to support the Life and Retirement businesses at December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, the changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments reflected increases in amortized balances including DAC and unearned revenue reserves, while accrued liabilities such as policyholder benefit liabilities decreased 3.0 billion from December 31, 2021. Market conditions in the year ended December 31, 2021 drove a 7.4 billion decrease in the unrealized appreciation of available-for-sale fixed maturity securities portfolios held to support our insurance liabilities at December 31, 2021 compared to December 31, 2020. At December 31, 2021, the changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments reflected increases in amortized balances including DAC and unearned revenue reserves, while accrued liabilities such as policyholder benefit liabilities decreased 0.9 billion from December 31, 2020. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 105 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

Reserves 
 The following table presents a rollforward of insurance reserves by operating segments for Life and Retirement, including future policy benefits, policyholder contract deposits, other policyholder funds, and separate account liabilities, as well as Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual fund assets under administration: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Individual Retirement Balance at beginning of year, gross 148,492 148,837 144,753 Premiums and deposits 15,120 13,916 10,370 Surrenders and withdrawals (9,936) (11,368) (12,023) Death and other contract benefits (2,774) (3,138) (3,075) Subtotal 150,902 148,247 140,025 Change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees (14,085) 5,457 7,285 Cost of funds (a) 
 1,804 1,683 1,675 Other reserve changes (1,054) 114 (148) Less the sale of retail mutual fund assets (7,009) Balance at end of year 137,567 148,492 148,837 Reinsurance ceded (305) (308) (313) Total Individual Retirement insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 137,262 148,184 148,524 Group Retirement Balance at beginning of year, gross 118,492 110,651 102,049 Premiums and deposits 7,942 7,766 7,496 Surrenders and withdrawals (10,146) (10,097) (8,696) Death and other contract benefits (907) (877) (740) Subtotal 115,381 107,443 100,109 Change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees (14,530) 10,240 9,644 Cost of funds (a) 
 1,129 1,138 1,125 Other reserve changes 112 (329) (227) Balance at end of year 102,092 118,492 110,651 Total Group Retirement insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 102,092 118,492 110,651 Life Insurance Balance at beginning of year, gross 28,415 27,998 27,397 Premiums and deposits 4,236 4,229 4,046 Surrenders and withdrawals (552) (487) (484) Death and other contract benefits (513) (592) (557) Subtotal 31,586 31,148 30,402 Change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees (1,249) (808) (1,133) Cost of funds (a) 
 342 353 373 Other reserve changes (4,008) (2,278) (1,644) Balance at end of year 26,671 28,415 27,998 Reinsurance ceded (1,566) (1,554) (1,437) Total Life Insurance reserves 25,105 26,861 26,561 Institutional Markets Balance at beginning of year, gross 30,264 27,342 23,673 Premiums and deposits 4,325 4,948 4,846 Surrenders and withdrawals (611) (1,821) (1,788) Death and other contract benefits (1,134) (887) (886) Subtotal 32,844 29,582 25,845 Change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees (79) 741 823 Cost of funds (a) 
 320 274 304 Other reserve changes (431) (333) 370 Balance at end of year 32,654 30,264 27,342 Reinsurance ceded (44) (45) (45) Total Institutional Markets reserves 32,610 30,219 27,297 
 106 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Insurance Reserves 

(in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Total insurance reserves and mutual fund assets Balance at beginning of year, gross 325,663 314,828 297,872 Premiums and deposits 31,623 30,859 26,758 Surrenders and withdrawals (21,245) (23,773) (22,991) Death and other contract benefits (5,328) (5,494) (5,258) Subtotal 330,713 316,420 296,381 Change in fair value of underlying assets and reserve accretion, net of policy fees (29,943) 15,630 16,619 Cost of funds (a) 
 3,595 3,448 3,477 Other reserve changes (5,381) (2,826) (1,649) Less the sale of retail mutual fund assets (7,009) Balance at end of year, excluding Fortitude Re reserves 298,984 325,663 314,828 Fortitude Re reserves (b) 
 27,150 27,654 28,505 Balance at end of year, including Fortitude Re reserves 326,134 353,317 343,333 Fortitude Re reinsurance ceded (b) 
 (27,150) (27,654) (28,505) Reinsurance ceded (1,915) (1,907) (1,795) Total insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 297,069 323,756 313,033 
 (a) Excludes amortization of deferred sales inducements. 
 (b) Includes amounts related to policies where AIG has partially ceded to other reinsurers and Fortitude Re. 
 Insurance reserves and Group Retirement mutual fund assets under administration, were comprised of the following balances: 
 (in millions) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Future policy benefits 57,266 57,749 Policyholder contract deposits 158,966 156,844 Other policyholder funds (a) 
 1,015 833 Separate account liabilities 84,853 109,111 Total insurance reserves 302,100 324,537 Mutual fund assets 24,034 28,780 Total insurance reserves and mutual fund assets 326,134 353,317 
 (a) Excludes unearned revenue liability. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 107 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 Liquidity refers to the ability to generate sufficient cash resources to meet the cash requirements of our business operations and payment obligations. 
 Capital refers to the long-term financial resources available to support the operation of our businesses, fund business growth, and cover financial and operational needs that arise from adverse circumstances. Our primary source of ongoing capital generation is derived from the profitability of our insurance subsidiaries. We must comply with numerous constraints on our capital positions. These constraints drive the requirements for capital adequacy at AIG and the individual businesses and are based on internally defined risk tolerances, regulatory requirements, rating agency and creditor expectations and business needs. 
 For information regarding our liquidity risk framework, see Enterprise Risk Management Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification and Measurement and Enterprise Risk Management Liquidity Risk Management. 
 We believe that we have sufficient liquidity and capital resources to satisfy future requirements and meet our obligations to policyholders, customers, creditors and debt-holders, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events. Nevertheless, some circumstances may cause our cash or capital needs to exceed projected liquidity or readily deployable capital resources. 
 For information regarding risks associated with our liquidity and capital resources, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Liquidity, Capital and Credit. 
 Depending on market conditions, regulatory and rating agency considerations and other factors, we may take various liability and capital management actions. Liability management actions may include, but are not limited to, repurchasing or redeeming outstanding debt, issuing new debt or engaging in debt exchange offers. Capital management actions may include, but are not limited to, issuing preferred stock, paying dividends to our shareholders on the AIG Common Stock, par value 2.50 per share (AIG Common Stock), paying dividends to the holders of our Series A 5.85 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (Series A Preferred Stock), and repurchases of AIG Common Stock. 
 108 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES HIGHLIGHTS 
 SOURCES 
 
 Liquidity to AIG Parent from Subsidiaries 
 During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, our General Insurance companies distributed dividends of 1.9 billion to AIG Parent or applicable intermediate holding companies. 
 During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, our Life and Retirement companies distributed 753 million of dividends to AIG Parent, of which 231 million were distributed to AIG Parent in its capacity as a public company shareholder of Corebridge after its IPO. 
 Senior Note Offering of Corebridge 
 On April 5, 2022, Corebridge issued senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of 6.5 billion, the proceeds of which were used to repay a portion of the 8.3 billion promissory note previously issued by Corebridge to AIG Parent in November 2021 (the Intercompany Note). 
 Hybrid Offering of Corebridge 
 On August 23, 2022, Corebridge issued 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 6.875 Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2052, the proceeds of which were used to repay a portion of the Intercompany Note. 
 Delayed Draw Term Loan Facility of Corebridge 
 On September 15, 2022, Corebridge borrowed 1.5 billion under its 1.5 billion 3-Year Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement, a portion of which were used to repay the remainder of the Intercompany Note. 
 Corebridge Initial Public Offering 
 On September 19, 2022, AIG closed on the initial public offering of 80 million shares of Corebridge common stock at a public offering price of 21.00 per share. The aggregate gross proceeds of the offering to AIG , before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses payable by AIG, were approximately 1.7 billion. 
 USES 
 
 General Borrowings 
 During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, 9.4 billion of debt categorized as general borrowings matured, was repaid or redeemed as follows: 
 Redeemed 750 million aggregate principal amount of our 1.500 Notes due 2023 for a redemption price of 101.494 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Repurchased, through cash tender offers, approximately 6.8 billion aggregate principal amount of certain notes and debentures issued or guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 7.1 billion. 
 Redeemed 750 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.900 Notes Due 2026 for a redemption price of 100 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Redeemed approximately 522 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.750 Notes Due 2025 for a redemption price of 100 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Redeemed 500 million aggregate principal amount of our 2.500 Notes Due 2025 for a redemption price of 100 percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid intere st. 
 We made interest payments on our general borrowings totaling 729 million during the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 including interest payments made by AIG Parent on AIG Parent-issued debt instruments of 710 million. 
 Dividends 
 During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022: 
 We made cash dividend payments of 365.625 per share on AIG s Series A Preferred Stock totaling 29 million. 
 We made cash dividend payments of 0.32 per share on AIG Common Stock totaling 982 million. 
 Corebridge made cash dividend payments of 124 million in the aggregate to its shareholders other than AIG, of which 66 million was paid after its IPO. 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, AIG Parent repurchased approximately 90 million shares of AIG Common Stock, for an aggregate purchase price of approximately 5.1 billion. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 109 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

ANALYSIS OF SOURCES AND USES OF CASH 
 Operating Cash Flow Activities 
 Insurance companies generally receive most premiums in advance of the payment of claims or policy benefits. The ability of insurance companies to generate positive cash flow is affected by the frequency and severity of losses under their insurance policies, policy retention rates, effective management of our investment portfolio and operating expense discipline. 
 Interest payments totaled 1.1 billion and 1.3 billion in the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Excluding interest payments, AIG had operating cash inflows of 5.3 billion in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 compared to operating cash inflows of 7.6 billion in the prior year. 
 Investing Cash Flow Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 was 3.6 billion compared to net cash used in investing activities of 3.3 billion in the prior year. Net cash used in investing activities in 2021 included approximately 4.7 billion of proceeds from divestitures. 
 Financing Cash Flow Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022 totaled 676 million, reflecting: 
 982 million to pay a dividend of 0.32 per share per quarter on AIG Common Stock; 
 29 million to pay a dividend of 365.625 per share per quarter on AIG s Series A Preferred Stock; 
 124 million paid by Corebridge in the form of cash dividends to shareholders other than AIG, of which 66 million paid after its IPO; 
 5.2 billion to repurchase approximately 90 million shares of AIG Common Stock; 
 1.5 billion inflow from drawdown by Corebridge on its 3-Year Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement; 
 2.0 billion in net outflows from the issuance and repayment of long-term debt; and 
 318 million in net outflows from the issuance and repayment of debt of consolidated investment entities. 
 Net cash used in financing activities in the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2021 totaled 3.7 billion reflecting: 
 1.1 billion to pay a dividend of 0.32 per share per quarter on AIG Common Stock; 
 29 million to pay a dividend of 365.625 per share per quarter on AIG s Series A Preferred Stock; 
 2.6 billion to repurchase approximately 50 million shares of AIG Common Stock; 
 4.0 billion in net outflows from the issuance, repayment and cash tender of long-term debt; 
 156 million in net outflows from the issuance and repayment of debt of consolidated investment entities; and 
 2.2 billion in net inflows from the sale of a 9.9 percent equity interest in Corebridge to an affiliate of Blackstone. 
 For information regarding cash flow activities for the year ended December 31, 2020, see Part II, Item 7. MD A Liquidity and Capital Resources Analysis of Sources and Uses of Cash of our 2021 Annual Report. 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES OF AIG PARENT AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 AIG Parent 
 As of December 31, 2022, AIG Parent and applicable intermediate holding companies had approximately 8.2 billion in liquidity sources held in the form of cash and short-term investments, and also includes AIG Parent's committed, revolving syndicated credit facility of 4.5 billion. As of December 31, 2021, AIG Parent and applicable intermediate holding companies had approximately 15.2 billion in liquidity sources held in the form of cash and short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities, and also includes AIG Parent's committed, revolving syndicated credit facility of 4.5 billion. Following the initial public offering of Corebridge, Corebridge liquidity, including its loan facilities, is no longer reflected in AIG Parent's liquidity. As a public company shareholder of Corebridge, AIG receives its pro rata share of dividends paid by Corebridge on Corebridge common stock after its IPO. AIG Parent s primary sources of liquidity are dividends, distributions, loans and other payments from subsidiaries and credit facilities. AIG Parent s primary uses of liquidity are for debt service, capital and liability management, operating expenses and dividends on AIG Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock. 
 We expect to access the debt and preferred equity markets from time to time to meet funding requirements as needed. 
 110 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

We utilize our capital resources to support our businesses, with the majority of capital allocated to our insurance operations. Should we have or generate more capital than is needed to support our business strategies (including organic or inorganic growth opportunities) or mitigate risks inherent to our business, we may develop plans to distribute such capital to shareholders via dividends or AIG Common Stock repurchase authorizations or deploy such capital towards liability management. 
 Insurance Companies 
 We expect that our insurance companies will be able to continue to satisfy reasonably foreseeable future liquidity requirements and meet their obligations, including those arising from reasonably foreseeable contingencies or events, through cash from operations and, to the extent necessary, monetization of invested assets. Our insurance companies liquidity resources are primarily held in the form of cash, short-term investments and publicly traded, investment grade rated fixed maturity securities. 
 Each of our material insurance companies liquidity is monitored through various internal liquidity risk measures. The primary sources of liquidity are premiums, fees, reinsurance recoverables and investment income and maturities. The primary uses of liquidity are paid losses, reinsurance payments, benefit claims, surrenders, withdrawals, interest payments, dividends, expenses, investment purchases and collateral requirements. 
 Our insurance companies may require additional funding to meet capital or liquidity needs under certain circumstances. For example, large catastrophes may require us to provide additional support to the affected operations of our General Insurance companies, and a shift in interest rates may require us to provide support to the affected operations of our Life and Retirement companies. 
 Certain of our U.S. Life and Retirement insurance companies are members of the FHLBs in their respective districts. Our borrowings from FHLBs are non-puttable and are used to supplement liquidity or for other uses deemed appropriate by management. Our U.S. Life and Retirement companies had 4.6 billion and 3.6 billion which were due to FHLBs in their respective districts at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, under funding agreements issued through our Individual Retirement, Group Retirement and Institutional Markets operating segments, which were reported in Policyholder contract deposits. Proceeds from funding agreements are generally invested in fixed income securities and other investments intended to generate spread income. 
 Certain of our U.S. Life and Retirement companies have securities lending programs that lend securities from their investment portfolio to supplement liquidity or for other uses as deemed appropriate by management. Under these programs, these companies lend securities to financial institutions and receive cash as collateral equal to 102 percent of the fair value of the loaned securities. These companies had 3.3 billion of securities subject to these agreements at December 31, 2021 and 3.4 billion of liabilities to borrowers for collateral received at December 31, 2021 . As of December 31, 2022 we had no loans outstanding under these programs. 
 AIG Parent and/or certain subsidiaries are parties to several letter of credit agreements with various financial institutions, which issue letters of credit from time to time in support of our insurance companies. These letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by AIG Parent and/or certain subsidiaries in the event of a drawdown of these letters of credit. Letters of credit issued in support of the General Insurance companies totaled approximately 3.4 billion at December 31, 2022. Letters of credit issued in support of the Life and Retirement companies totaled approximately 272 million at December 31, 2022, which are subject to reimbursement by Corebridge with no recourse to AIG Parent. 
 On November 1, 2021, Corebridge declared a dividend payable to AIG Parent in the amount of 8.3 billion. In connection with such dividend, Corebridge issued the Intercompany Note, which, as of September 15, 2022, was repaid in full by Corebridge. 
 Following the initial public offering of Corebridge, AIG holds 77.7 percent of Corebridge common stock, resulting in the tax deconsolidation of Corebridge from AIG. As such, as of September 15, 2022, AIG is no longer receiving tax sharing payments from Corebridge for tax liabilities of subsequent periods. Pursuant to the Tax Matters Agreement entered into by Corebridge and AIG on September 14, 2022, the parties will make tax payments to each other in respect of historic tax periods and tax periods prior to the tax deconsolidation of Corebridge from AIG in a manner consistent with pre-existing tax sharing arrangements between the companies. 
 
 CREDIT FACILITIES 
 AIG Parent maintains a committed, revolving syndicated credit facility (the Facility) with aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide AIG Parent with unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to 4.5 billion without any limits on the type of borrowings. The Facility is scheduled to expire in November 2026. 
 Our ability to utilize the Facility is conditioned on the satisfaction of certain legal, operating, administrative and financial covenants and other requirements contained in the Facility. These include covenants relating to our maintenance of a specified total consolidated net worth and total consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization. Failure to satisfy these and other requirements contained in the Facility would restrict our access to the Facility and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a total of 4.5 billion remained available under the Facility. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 111 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Corebridge maintains a revolving syndicated credit facility (the Corebridge Facility) with aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide Corebridge with unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to 2.5 billion without any limits on the type of borrowings and with no recourse to AIG Parent. The Corebridge Facility is scheduled to expire in May 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a total of 2.5 billion remained available under the Corebridge Facility. 
 Corebridge also maintains a 3-Year Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement (the DDTL Facility) with aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide Corebridge with delayed draw term loans of up to 1.5 billion, with no recourse to AIG Parent. On September 15, 2022, Corebridge borrowed 1.5 billion under the DDTL Facility, a portion of which was used to repay the remaining amount due to AIG Parent under the Intercompany Note. The DDTL Facility is scheduled to mature in February 2025. 
 As of December 31, 2022, a total of 1.5 billion of borrowings are outstanding under the DDTL Facility. 
 
 CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 
 The following table summarizes material contractual obligations in total, and by remaining maturity: 
 December 31, 2022 Payments due by Period (in millions) Total Payments 2023 2024 - 2025 Thereafter Loss reserves (a) 
 77,699 21,439 22,137 34,123 Insurance and investment contract liabilities 294,416 25,101 44,953 224,362 Short-term and Long-term debt (b) 
 21,299 2,143 2,657 16,499 Interest payments on Short-term and Long-term debt 13,703 869 1,668 11,166 Total 407,117 49,552 71,415 286,150 
 (a) Represents loss reserves, undiscounted and gross of reinsurance. 
 (b) Does not reflect billion of debt of consolidated investment entities, for which recourse is limited to the assets of the respective investment entities and for which there is no recourse to the general credit of AIG. In addition, on September 15, 2022, Corebridge borrowed an aggregate principal amount of 1.5 billion under the 3-Year DDTL Facility through October 20, 2022. Corebridge continued this borrowing through June 21, 2023 and has the ability to further continue this borrowing through the final maturity date of the DDTL Facility on February 25, 2025. 
 Loss Reserves 
 Loss reserves relate to our General Insurance companies and represent estimates of future loss and loss adjustment expense payments based on historical loss development payment patterns. The amounts presented in the above table are undiscounted and therefore exceed the liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including allowance for credit losses, as presented on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Due to the significance of the assumptions used, the payments by period presented above could be materially different from actual required payments. We believe that our General Insurance companies maintain adequate financial resources to meet the actual required payments under these obligations. 
 For additional information on loss reserves, see Critical Accounting Estimates Loss Reserves and Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Insurance and Investment Contract Liabilities 
 Insurance and investment contract liabilities, including GIC liabilities, relate to our Life and Retirement companies. These liabilities include various investment-type products with contractually scheduled maturities, including periodic payments. These liabilities also include benefit and claim liabilities, of which a significant portion represents policies and contracts that do not have stated contractual maturity dates and may not result in any future payment obligations. For these policies and contracts (i) we are not currently making payments until the occurrence of an insurable event, such as death or disability, (ii) payments are conditional on survivorship or (iii) payment may occur due to a surrender or other non-scheduled event beyond our control. 
 We have made significant assumptions to determine the estimated undiscounted cash flows of these contractual policy benefits. The amounts presented in the above table are undiscounted and therefore exceed the liabilities for future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts, and policyholder contract deposits included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Due to the significance of the assumptions used, the payments by period presented above could be materially different from actual required payments. 
 We believe that our Life and Retirement companies have adequate financial resources to meet the payments actually required under these obligations. 
 For additional information on loss reserves, see Critical Accounting Estimates Loss Reserves and Notes 12 and 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 112 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Long-Term Debt and Interest Payments on Long-Term Debt 
 The amounts presented in the above table represent AIG's total long-term debt outstanding and associated future interest payments due on such debt. 
 For additional information on outstanding debt, see Debt. 
 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS AND COMMERCIAL COMMITMENTS 
 In the normal course of business, AIG and our subsidiaries enter into commitments under which we may be required to make payments in the future on a contingent basis. 
 The following table summarizes Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Commercial Commitments in total, and by remaining maturity: 
 December 31, 2022 Amount of Commitment Expiring (in millions) Total Amounts Committed 2023 2024 - 2025 Thereafter Commitments: Investment commitments 6,551 2,535 3,086 930 Commitments to extend credit 6,927 2,399 3,315 1,213 Letters of credit 795 562 5 228 Total (a)(b) 
 14,273 5,496 6,406 2,371 
 (a) Excludes guarantees, CMAs or other support arrangements between AIG consolidated entities. 
 (b) Excludes commitments with respect to pension plans. The annual pension contribution for 2023 is expected to be approximately 58 million. 
 Investment commitments 
 We enter into investment commitments in the normal course of business that are aligned with and support our investment strategies. These represent commitments to investment in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds, as well as commitments to purchase and develop real estate in the United States and abroad. The commitments to invest in private equity funds, hedge funds and other funds are called at the discretion of each fund, as needed for funding new investments or expenses of the fund. The expiration of these commitments is estimated based on the expected life cycle of the related funds, consistent with past trends of requirements for funding. These commitments are primarily made by insurance and real estate subsidiaries of the Company. 
 We also enter into arrangements with variable interest entities (VIEs) and consolidate a VIE when we are the primary beneficiary of the entity. 
 For additional information on investment commitments and VIEs, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Commitments to extend credit 
 As part of our normal course of business lending operations, we enter into commitments to fund mortgage loans at certain interest rates and various other terms, within a stated period of time. Such commitments are legally binding and generally made by insurance subsidiaries of the Company. 
 Letters of credit 
 AIG is party to several letter of credit agreements with various financial institutions, which issue letters of credit from time to time for the benefit of third parties in support of our businesses. These letters of credit are subject to reimbursement by AIG in the event of a drawdown. 
 Indemnification agreements 
 For information regarding our indemnification agreements, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 113 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

DEBT 
 AIG expects to service and repay general borrowings through maturing investments and dispositions of invested assets, future cash flows from operations, cash flows generated from invested assets, future debt or preferred stock issuances and other financing arrangements. AIG borrowings supported by assets of AIG include guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs) that are supported by cash and investments held by AIG Parent, certain non-insurance subsidiaries and amounts posted to third parties as collateral for the repayment of those obligations. 
 For additional information on GIAs and associated collateral posted, see Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 The following table provides the rollforward of AIG s total debt outstanding: 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Balance, Beginning of Year Issuances Maturities and Repayments Effect of Foreign Exchange Other Changes Balance, End of Year (in millions) Debt issued or guaranteed by AIG: AIG general borrowings: Notes and bonds payable 19,633 (9,197) (192) (2) (d) 
 10,242 Junior subordinated debt 1,164 (167) (7) 1 991 AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha 333 (60) 273 Validus notes and bonds payable 293 (14) (10) 269 Total AIG general borrowings 21,423 (9,378) (259) (11) 11,775 AIG borrowings supported by assets (a) : 
 AIG notes and bonds payable 81 (d) 
 81 Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable 18 18 GIAs, at fair value 1,803 26 (78) (1,695) (e) 
 56 Notes and bonds payable, at fair value 68 (36) (32) (e) 
 Total AIG borrowings supported by assets 1,889 26 (114) (1,646) 155 Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG 23,312 26 (9,492) (259) (1,657) 11,930 Corebridge debt: AIGLH notes and bonds payable (b) 
 199 1 200 AIGLH junior subordinated debt (b) 
 227 227 Corebridge senior unsecured notes - not guaranteed by AIG 6,461 (9) 6,452 Corebridge junior subordinated debt - not guaranteed by AIG 990 (1) 989 DDTL facility - not guaranteed by AIG 1,500 1,500 Total Corebridge debt 426 8,951 (9) 9,368 Other subsidiaries' notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable - not guaranteed by AIG 3 (2) 1 Total Short-term and long-term debt 23,741 8,977 (9,494) (259) (1,666) 21,299 Debt of consolidated investment entities - not guaranteed by AIG (c) 
 6,422 933 (1,251) (70) (154) (f) 
 5,880 
 (a) AIG Parent guarantees all such debt, except for Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable and AIG notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of AIG Parent. Collateral posted to third parties was 63 million at December 31, 2022 and 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021. This collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 
 (b) We have entered into a guarantee reimbursement agreement with Corebridge and AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH) which provides that Corebridge and AIGLH will reimburse AIG for the full amount of any payment made by or on behalf of AIG pursuant to AIG s guarantee of the AIGLH notes and junior subordinated debt. We have also entered into a collateral agreement with Corebridge and AIGLH which provides that in the event of: (i) a ratings downgrade of Corebridge or AIGLH long-term unsecured indebtedness below specified levels or (ii) the failure by AIGLH to pay principal and interest on the AIGLH debt when due, Corebridge and AIGLH must collateralize an amount equal to the sum of: (i) 100 percent of the principal amount outstanding, (ii) accrued and unpaid interest and (iii) 100 percent of the net present value of scheduled interest payments. through the maturity dates of the AIGLH debt. 
 (c) At December 31, 2022, includes debt of consolidated investment entities primarily related to real estate investments of 1.5 billion and other securitization vehicles of 4.4 billion. At December 31, 2021, includes debt of consolidated investment entities related to real estate investments of 1.9 billion and other securitization vehicles of 4.5 billion. 
 (d) Includes reclassifications of debt between AIG general borrowings and AIG borrowings supported by assets. 
 (e) Represents debt for AIGFP and its subsidiaries that were previously consolidated. 
 (f) Includes the effect of consolidating previously unconsolidated partnerships. 
 In the next four quarters, unless redeemed or purchased, no material long-term debt is due to mature. Corebridge has the ability to further continue the DDTL borrowing (currently due June 21, 2023) through the final maturity date of the DDTL Facility on February 25, 2025. 
 For additional information on debt outstanding, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 114 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

CREDIT RATINGS 
 Credit ratings estimate a company s ability to meet its obligations and may directly affect the cost and availability of financing to that company. The following table presents the credit ratings of AIG and certain of its subsidiaries as of the date of this filing. Figures in parentheses indicate the relative ranking of the ratings within the agency s rating categories; that ranking refers only to the major rating category and not to the modifiers assigned by the rating agencies. 
 Short-Term Debt Senior Long-Term Debt Moody's S P Moody's (a) 
 S P (b) 
 Fitch (c) 
 American International Group, Inc. 
 P-2 (2nd of 4) A-2 (2nd of 5) Baa 2 (4th of 9) / Stable 
 BBB+ (4th of 9) / 
 Negative 
 BBB+ (4th of 9) / 
 Stable 
 Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 Baa 2 (4th of 9) / Stable 
 BBB+ (4th of 9) / 
 Stable 
 BBB+ (4th of 9) / Stable 
 (a) Moody s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to the generic rating categories to show relative position within the rating categories. 
 (b) S P ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
 (c) Fitch Ratings Inc. (Fitch) ratings may be modified by the addition of a plus or minus sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories. 
 These credit ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other circumstances. Ratings may also be withdrawn at our request. 
 We are party to some agreements that contain ratings triggers. Depending on the ratings maintained by one or more rating agencies, these triggers could result in (i) the termination or limitation of credit availability or a requirement for accelerated repayment, (ii) the termination of business contracts or (iii) a requirement to post collateral for the benefit of counterparties. 
 In the event of a downgrade of AIG s long-term senior debt ratings, certain AIG entities would be required to post additional collateral under some derivative and other transactions, or certain of the counterparties of such AIG entities would be permitted to terminate such transactions early. 
 The actual amount of collateral that we would be required to post to counterparties in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at the time of the downgrade. 
 
 FINANCIAL STRENGTH RATINGS 
 Financial Strength ratings estimate an insurance company s ability to pay its obligations under an insurance policy. The following table presents the ratings of our significant insurance subsidiaries as of the date of this filing. 
 A.M. Best S P Fitch Moody s National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. A A+ A A2 Lexington Insurance Company A A+ A A2 American Home Assurance Company A A+ A A2 American General Life Insurance Company A A+ A+ A2 The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company A A+ A+ A2 United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York A A+ A+ A2 AIG Europe S.A. NR A+ NR A2 American International Group UK Ltd. A A+ NR A2 AIG General Insurance Co. Ltd. NR A+ NR NR Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. A A+ NR NR 
 On December 16, 2022, A.M. Best revised the outlook to positive from stable for the Long-Term Issuer Credit Ratings (Long-Term ICRs) and affirmed the Financial Strength Rating (FSR) of A and the Long-Term ICR of a of AIG s General Insurance subsidiaries. The outlook of the FSR is stable. 
 These financial strength ratings are current opinions of the rating agencies. They may be changed, suspended or withdrawn at any time by the rating agencies as a result of changes in, or unavailability of, information or based on other circumstances. 
 For information regarding the effects of downgrades in our credit ratings and financial strength ratings, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Liquidity, Capital and Credit A downgrade by one or more of the rating agencies in the Insurer Financial Strength ratings of our insurance or reinsurance companies could limit their ability to write or prevent them from writing new business and impair their retention of customers and in-force business, and a downgrade in our credit ratings could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity . 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 115 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Liquidity and Capital Resources 

REGULATION AND SUPERVISION 
 For a discussion of our regulation and supervision by different regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, including with respect to our liquidity and capital resources, see Part I, Item 1. Business Regulation and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Regulation. 
 
 DIVIDENDS 
 On February 15, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG Common Stock of 0.32 per share, payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record on March 17, 2023. 
 On February 15, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG's Series A Preferred Stock of 365.625 per share, payable on March 15, 2023 to holders of record on February 28, 2023. 
 The payment of any future dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on various factors. For further detail on our dividends, see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 REPURCHASES OF AIG COMMON STOCK 
 Our Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of AIG Common Stock and as of February 10, 2023 3.8 billion remained under the share repurchase authorization. During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2022, AIG Parent repurchased approximately 90 million shares of AIG Common Stock for an aggregate purchase price of 5.1 billion. 
 The timing of any future share repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors, as discussed further in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS 
 Payments of dividends to AIG by its insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. 
 For information regarding restrictions on payments of dividends by our subsidiaries, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 116 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

Enterprise Risk Management 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We consider risk management an integral part of our business strategy and a key element of our approach to corporate governance. We have an integrated process for managing risks throughout our organization in accordance with our firm-wide risk appetite. Our Board of Directors has oversight responsibility for the management of risk. Our Enterprise Risk Management Department supervises and integrates the risk management functions in each of our business units, providing senior management with a consolidated view of AIG s major risk positions. ERM embeds risk management in our key day-to-day business processes and in identifying, assessing, quantifying, monitoring, reporting, and mitigating the risks taken by AIG. Nevertheless, our risk management efforts may not always be successful and material adverse effects on our business, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity or financial condition may occur. For further information regarding the risks associated with our business and operations, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 AIG employs a Three Lines of Defense model. AIG s business leaders assume full accountability for the risks and controls in their operating units, and ERM performs a review, challenge and oversight function. The third line consists of our Internal Audit Group that provides independent assurance to AIG s Board of Directors. 
 
 RISK GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE 
 Our risk governance structure fosters the development and maintenance of a risk and control culture that encompasses all significant risk categories impacting our lines of business and functions. Accountability for the implementation and oversight of risk policies is aligned with individual business leaders, with the risk committees receiving regular reports regarding compliance with each policy to support risk governance at our corporate level as well as in each business unit. We review our governance and committee structure on a regular basis and make changes as appropriate to continue to effectively manage and govern both our risks and risk-taking activities. 
 Our Board of Directors oversees the management of risk through its Risk and Capital Committee (RCC) and Audit Committee. These committees regularly interact with other committees of the Board of Directors which are further described below. Our Chief Risk Officer (CRO) reports to both the RCC and our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Our CRO is also a member of the Executive Leadership Team providing ERM the opportunity to contribute to, review, monitor and consider the impact of changes in strategy. 
 The Group Risk Committee (GRC): The GRC is the senior management group responsible for assessing all significant risk issues on a global basis to protect our financial strength and reputation. The GRC is chaired by our CRO. Our CRO reports periodically on behalf of the GRC to both the RCC and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 
 The GRC is supported by management committees including the Business Unit Risk Committees and Legal Entity Risk Committees. These committees are comprised of senior executives and experienced business representatives from a range of functions and business units throughout AIG and its subsidiaries. These committees are charged with identifying, analyzing and reviewing specific risk matters within their respective mandates. In addition, various working groups are in place in support of the GRC to manage and monitor the various risks across the organization. 
 
 RISK APPETITE, LIMITS, IDENTIFICATION AND MEASUREMENT 
 Risk Appetite Framework 
 Our Risk Appetite Framework integrates stakeholder interests, strategic business goals and available financial resources. We balance these by seeking to take measured risks that are expected to generate repeatable, sustainable earnings and create long-term value for our shareholders. The framework includes our risk appetite statement approved by the Board of Directors and a set of supporting tools, including risk tolerances, risk limits and policies, which we use to manage our risk profile and financial resources. 
 These measures are set at the AIG Parent level as well as the legal entity level and cover consolidated and insurance company capital and liquidity ratios. Our risk tolerances take into consideration regulatory requirements, rating agency expectations, and business needs. The GRC routinely reviews the level of risk taken by the consolidated organization in relation to the established risk tolerances. A consolidated risk report is also presented periodically to the RCC by our CRO. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 117 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

Risk Limits 
 A key component of our Risk Appetite Framework is having a process in place that establishes and maintains appropriate tolerances and limits on the material risks identified for our core businesses and facilitates the monitoring and meeting of both internal and external stakeholder expectations. 
 To support the monitoring and management of AIG s and its business units material risks, ERM has an established limits framework that employs a three-tiered hierarchy: 
 Board-level risk tolerances are AIG s aggregate consolidated capital and liquidity limits. They define the minimum level of consolidated capital and liquidity that we should maintain. These board-level risk tolerances are approved by the Board of Directors and monitored by the RCC. 
 AIG management level limits are risk type specific limits at the AIG consolidated level. These limits are approved by our CRO with consultation from the GRC. 
 Business unit and legal entity level limits are set to address key risks identified for the business unit and legal entities, protect capital and liquidity at legal entities and/or meet legal entity specific requirements of regulators and rating agencies. These limits are defined by the business unit and legal entity risk officers. 
 All limits are reviewed by the GRC or relevant business unit risk committees on a periodic basis and revisions, if applicable, are approved by those committees. Limit breaches are required to be reported in a timely manner and are documented and escalated in accordance with their level of severity or materiality. 
 Risk Identification and Measurement 
 We conduct risk identification through multiple processes at the business unit and corporate level focused on capturing our material risks. A key initiative is our integrated bottom-up risk identification and assessment process which is conducted down to the product-line level. In addition, we perform an annual top-down risk assessment to identify top risks and assign owners to ensure these risks are appropriately addressed and managed. These processes are used as critical input to enhance and develop our analytics for measuring and assessing risks across the organization. 
 We employ various approaches to measure, monitor and manage risk exposures, including the utilization of a variety of metrics and early warning indicators. We use a proprietary internal capital and stress testing framework to measure our quantifiable risks. 
 The internal capital framework quantifies our aggregate economic risk at a given confidence interval, after taking into account diversification benefits between risk factors and business lines. We leverage the internal capital framework to help inform our consolidated risk consumption and profile as well as risk and capital allocation for our businesses. 
 The stress testing framework assesses our aggregate exposure to our most significant financial and insurance risks, including the risks in each of our key insurance company subsidiaries in relation to its capital needs under stress, risks inherent in our non-insurance company subsidiaries, and risks to AIG consolidated capital. We use this information to support the assessment of resources needed at the AIG Parent level to support our subsidiaries and capital resources required to maintain consolidated company target capitalization levels. 
 We evaluate and manage risk in material topics as discussed below. 
 Credit Risk Management 
 Liquidity Risk Management 
 Insurance Risks 
 Market Risk Management 
 Operational Risk Management 

CREDIT RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Credit risk is defined as the risk that our customers or counterparties are unable or unwilling to repay their contractual obligations when they become due. Credit risk may also result from a downgrade of a counterparty s credit ratings or a widening of its credit spreads. 
 Direct and indirect credit exposures may arise from, but are not limited to, fixed income investments, equity securities, deposits, commercial paper investments, securities purchased under agreements to resell and repurchase agreements, corporate and consumer loans, leases, reinsurance and retrocessional insurance recoverables, counterparty risk arising from derivatives activities, collateral extended to counterparties, insurance risk cessions to third parties, financial guarantees, letters of credit, and certain General Insurance businesses. 
 
 118 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

Our credit risks are managed by teams of credit professionals, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes. ERM is primarily responsible for the development, implementation and maintenance of a risk management framework. Our credit risk framework incorporates risk identification and measurement, risk limits, risk delegations to authorized credit professionals throughout the company, and credit reserving. Credit reserving includes but is not limited to the development of a proper framework, policies and procedures for establishing accurate identification of (i) reserves for credit losses and (ii) other-than-temporary impairments for securities portfolios. 
 We monitor and control our company-wide credit risk concentrations and attempt to avoid unwanted or excessive risk accumulations, whether funded or unfunded. To minimize the level of credit risk in some circumstances, we may require mitigants, such as third-party guarantees, reinsurance or collateral, including commercial bank-issued letters of credit and trust collateral accounts. We treat these guarantees, reinsurance recoverables, and letters of credit as credit exposure and include them in our risk concentration exposure data. We also closely monitor the quality of any trust collateral accounts. 
 For additional information on our credit concentrations and credit exposures, see Investments Credit Ratings Available-for-Sale Investments. 
 Derivative Transactions 
 We utilize derivatives principally to enable us to hedge exposure associated with changes in levels of interest rates, currencies, credit, commodities, equity prices and other risks. Credit risk associated with derivative counterparties exists for a derivative contract when that contract has a positive fair value to us. All derivative transactions must be transacted within counterparty limits that have been approved by ERM. 
 We evaluate counterparty credit quality via an internal analysis that is consistent with the AIG Credit Policy. We require credit enhancements in connection with specific transactions based on, among other things, the creditworthiness of the counterparties, and transaction size and maturity. Furthermore, we enter into certain agreements that have the benefit of set-off and close-out netting provisions, such as ISDA Master Agreements. These provisions provide that, in the case of an early termination of a transaction, we can set off receivables from a counterparty against payables to the same counterparty arising out of all covered transactions. As a result, where a legally enforceable netting agreement exists, the fair value of the transaction with the counterparty represents the net sum of estimated fair values. 
 For additional information related to derivative transactions, see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 MARKET RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Market risk is defined as the risk of adverse impact due to systemic movements in one or more of the following market risk drivers: equity and commodity prices, residential and commercial real estate values, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign exchange, inflation, and their respective levels of volatility. 
 We are exposed to market risks primarily within our insurance and capital markets activities, on both the asset and the liability sides of our balance sheet through on- and off-balance sheet exposures. The scope and magnitude of our market risk exposures is managed in a manner consistent with our risk appetite statement. Our market risk management framework focuses on quantifying the financial repercussions of changes in the above mentioned market risk drivers. 
 Many of our market risk exposures, including exposures to changes in levels of interest rates and equity prices, are associated with the asset and liability exposures of our Life and Retirement companies. These exposures are generally long-term in nature. Also, we have equity market risk sensitive surrenders in our variable annuity product portfolio. These interactive asset-liability types of risk exposures are regularly monitored in accordance with the risk governance framework noted above. 
 Market risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM through the CRO. Market risk is managed by our finance, treasury and investment management corporate functions, collectively, and in partnership with ERM. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 119 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

Market risk drivers: 
 Equity prices We are exposed to changes in equity market prices affecting a variety of equity-linked capital market instruments and insurance products, including but not limited to the valuation of publicly traded equity shares, investments in private equity, hedge funds, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, alternative risk premia investment strategies, variable annuities, indexed universal life insurance and variable universal life insurance. Residential and commercial real estate values Our investment portfolios are exposed to the risk of changing values in a variety of residential and commercial real estate investments. Changes in real estate prices can affect the valuation of mortgages, mortgage-backed securities and other structured securities with underlying assets that include real estate mortgages, trusts that include real estate and/or mortgages, residential mortgage insurance and reinsurance contracts and commercial real estate investments. Interest rates Interest rate risk can arise from a mismatch in the interest rate exposure of assets versus liabilities. Lower interest rates generally result in lower investment income and make some of our product offerings less attractive to investors. Conversely, higher interest rates are typically beneficial for the opposite reasons. When rates rise quickly, there can be an asymmetric GAAP accounting effect where the existing securities lose market value and the offsetting decrease in the value of certain liabilities may not be recognized. Changes in interest rates can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, financial liabilities, and insurance contracts. Additionally, for variable annuity, index annuity, and equity indexed universal life products, deviations in actual versus expected policyholder behavior can be driven by fluctuations in various market variables, including interest rates. Policies with guaranteed living benefit options or riders are also subject to the risk of actual benefit utilization being different than expected. Credit spreads Credit spreads measure an instrument s risk premium or yield relative to that of a comparable duration, default-free instrument. Changes in credit spreads can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including but not limited to corporate bonds, asset backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, AIG-issued debt obligations, credit derivatives, derivative credit valuation adjustments and economic valuation of insurance liabilities. Wider credit spreads paired with unchanged expectations about default losses imply higher investment income in the long term. In the short term, quickly rising spreads will cause a loss in the value of existing fixed maturity securities. A precipitous widening of credit spreads may also signal a fundamental weakness in the credit worthiness of bond obligors, potentially resulting in default losses. Foreign exchange (FX) rates As a globally diversified enterprise, changes in FX rates can affect the valuation of a broad range of balance sheet and income statement items as well as the settlement of cash flows exchanged in specific transactions. Commodity prices Changes in commodity prices can affect the valuation of publicly-traded commodities and commodity indices, derivatives on commodities and commodity indices, and other commodity-linked investments and insurance contracts. We are exposed to commodity prices primarily through their impact on the prices and credit quality of commodity producers debt and equity securities in our investment portfolio. Inflation Changes in inflation can affect the valuation of fixed maturity securities, including AIG-issued debt obligations, derivatives and other contracts explicitly linked to inflation indices, and insurance contracts where the claims are linked to inflation either explicitly, via indexing, or implicitly, through medical costs or wage levels. 
 Our market risk measurement framework was developed with the main objective of communicating the range and scale of our market risk exposures. 
 We monitor risks through multiple lenses that include economic, GAAP and statutory reporting frameworks at various levels of business consolidation. This process aims to establish a comprehensive coverage of potential implications from adverse market risk developments. We use a number of approaches to measure market risk exposure including sensitivity analysis, scenario analysis and stress testing. 
 120 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

Market Risk Sensitivities 
 The following table provides estimates of sensitivity to changes in yield curves, equity prices and FX rates on our financial instruments and excludes approximately 172.3 billion and 178.1 billion of insurance liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. AIG believes that the interest rate sensitivities of these insurance and other liabilities serve as an offset to the net interest rate risk of the financial assets presented in the table below. In addition, the table excludes 27.1 billion of interest rate sensitive assets and 2.0 billion of equity and alternative investments supporting the Fortitude Re funds withheld arrangements as the contractual returns related to the assets are transferred to Fortitude Re, as well as 30.4 billion of related funds withheld payables. 
 Balance Sheet Exposure Economic Effect (dollars in millions) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Sensitivity factor 
 100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves Interest rate sensitive assets: 
 Fixed maturity securities 
 205,860 248,632 (11,728) (17,017) Mortgage and other loans receivable (a) 
 42,664 40,085 (1,718) (1,928) Derivatives: 
 Interest rate contracts 
 (1,116) 240 (631) (1,702) Equity contracts 402 628 (62) (228) Other contracts 720 439 (49) (2) Total interest rate sensitive assets 
 248,530 290,024 (14,188) (20,877) Interest rate sensitive liabilities: 
 Policyholder contract deposits: 
 Investment-type contracts (a) 
 (136,040) (130,643) 6,552 10,375 Variable annuity and other embedded derivatives 
 (7,147) (9,736) 1,590 2,550 Short-term and long-term debt (a)(c) 
 (20,329) (22,686) 1,316 2,183 Total interest rate sensitive liabilities 
 (163,516) (163,065) 9,458 15,108 Sensitivity factor 
 20 decline in equity prices and alternative investments Derivatives: 
 Equity contracts (d) 
 402 628 552 542 Equity and alternative investments: 
 Real estate investments 
 2,020 2,526 (404) (505) Private equity 
 8,626 7,533 (1,725) (1,507) Hedge funds 
 1,290 1,812 (258) (362) Common equity 542 728 (108) (146) Other investments 
 1,382 1,328 (276) (266) Total derivatives, equity and alternative investments 
 14,262 14,555 (2,219) (2,244) Policyholder contract deposits: 
 Variable annuity and other embedded derivatives (d) 
 (7,147) (9,736) (528) (269) Total liabilities 
 (7,147) (9,736) (528) (269) Sensitivity factor 
 10 depreciation of all FX rates against the U.S. dollar Foreign currency-denominated net asset position: 
 Japan Yen 978 (57) (98) 6 Canada dollar 
 654 758 (65) (76) British pound 
 419 1,046 (42) (105) All other foreign currencies 
 1,760 1,910 (176) (192) Total foreign currency-denominated net asset position (e) 
 3,811 3,657 (381) (367) 
 (a) The economic effect is the difference between the estimated fair value and the effect of a 100 bps parallel increase in all yield curves on the estimated fair value. The estimated fair values for Mortgage and other loans receivable, Policyholder contract deposits (Investment-type contracts) and Short-term and long-term debt were 43.0 billion, 132.0 billion and 18.7 billion at December 31, 2022, respectively. The estimated fair values for Mortgage and other loans receivable, Policyholder contract deposits (Investment-type contracts) and Long-term debt were 45.7 billion, 143.1 billion and 25.7 billion at December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, the analysis covered 248.5 billion of 280.9 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. As indicated above, excluded were 23.0 billion and 4.1 billion of fixed maturity securities and loans, respectively, supporting the Fortitude Re funds withheld arrangements. In addition, 3.0 billion of loans and 2.6 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling limitations. At December 31, 2021, the analysis covered 290.0 billion of 331.5 billion interest-rate sensitive assets. As indicated above, excluded were 33.7 billion and 3.6 billion of fixed maturity securities and loans, respectively, supporting the Fortitude Re funds withheld arrangements. In addition, 2.3 billion of loans and 2.0 billion of assets across various asset categories were excluded due to modeling limitations. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 121 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

(c) At December 31, 2022 the analysis excluded 0.4 billion of AIGLH borrowings, 0.3 billion of Validus borrowings, 1 million of borrowings from Glatfelter Insurance Group (Glatfelter) and 0.3 billion of AIG Japan Holdings loans. At December 31, 2021, the analysis excluded 0.4 billion of AIGLH borrowings, 0.3 billion of Validus borrowings, 2 million of borrowings from Glatfelter and 0.3 billion of AIG Japan Holdings loans. 
 (d) The balance sheet exposures for equity contracts and variable annuity and other embedded derivatives are also reflected under Interest rate sensitive liabilities above, and are not additive. 
 (e) The majority of the foreign currency exposure is reported on a one quarter lag. Foreign currency-denominated net asset position reflects our aggregated non-U.S. dollar assets less our aggregated non-U.S. dollar liabilities on a GAAP basis, with certain adjustments. 
 Interest rate sensitivity is defined as the change in value with respect to a 100 basis point parallel shift up in the interest rate environment, calculated as: scenario value minus base value, where base value is the value under the yield curves as of the period end and scenario value is the value reflecting a 100 basis point parallel increase in all yield curves. 
 We evaluate our interest rate risk without considering effects of correlation of changes in levels of interest rate with other key market risks or other assumptions used for calculating the values of our financial assets and liabilities. 
 We evaluate our equity price risk without considering effects of correlation of changes in equity prices with other key market risks or other assumptions used for calculating the values of our financial assets and liabilities, as the stress scenario does not reflect the impact of basis risk which we use in the development of our hedging strategy. 
 The risk monitoring responsibilities, owned by the business units, include ensuring compliance with market risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches. Such activities must be reported to the ERM Market Risk team by the relevant business unit. This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework. 
 For additional information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits, see Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification and Measurement Risk Limits. 
 
 LIQUIDITY RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Liquidity risk is defined as the risk that our financial condition will be adversely affected by the inability or perceived inability to meet our short-term cash, collateral or other financial obligations as they come due. 
 AIG and its legal entities seek to maintain sufficient liquidity both during the normal course of business and under defined liquidity stress scenarios to ensure that sufficient cash will be available to meet the obligations as they come due. 
 AIG Parent liquidity risk tolerance levels are designed to allow us to meet our financial obligations for a minimum of six months under a liquidity stress scenario. We maintain liquidity limits and minimum coverage ratios designed to ensure that funding needs are met under stress conditions. If we project that we could breach these tolerances, we assess and determine appropriate liquidity management actions. However, market or other conditions in effect at that time may not permit us to achieve an increase in liquidity sources or a reduction in liquidity requirements. 
 Liquidity risk is overseen at the corporate level within ERM. The CRO has responsibility for the oversight of the Liquidity Risk Management Framework and delegates the day-to-day implementation of this framework to the AIG Treasurer. Our treasury function manages liquidity risk, subject to ERM oversight and various control processes. Our Liquidity Risk Management Framework includes liquidity and funding policies and monitoring tools to address AIG-specific, broader industry and market-related liquidity events. 
 Types of liquidity and funding risks: Market/Monetization Risk Assets may not be readily transformed into cash due to unfavorable market conditions. Market liquidity risk may limit our ability to sell assets at reasonable values or necessary volumes to meet liquidity needs. 
 
 Cash Flow Mismatch Risk Discrete and cumulative cash flow mismatches or gaps over short-term horizons under both expected and adverse business conditions may create future liquidity shortfalls. 
 
 Event Funding Risk Event funding risk comes in many forms and may result from a downgrade in credit ratings, a market event, or some other event that creates a funding obligation or limits existing funding options. 
 
 Financing Risk We may be unable to raise additional cash on a secured or unsecured basis due to unfavorable market conditions, AIG-specific issues, or any other issue that impedes access to additional funding. 

Comprehensive cash flow projections under normal conditions are the primary component for identifying and measuring liquidity risk. We produce comprehensive liquidity projections over varying time horizons that incorporate all relevant liquidity sources and uses and include known and likely cash inflows and outflows. In addition, we perform stress testing by identifying liquidity stress scenarios and assessing the effects of these scenarios on our cash flow and liquidity. We use a number of approaches to measure our liquidity risk exposure including minimum liquidity limits, coverage ratios, coverage flow forecasts, and stress testing. 
 Relevant liquidity reporting is produced and reported regularly to AIG Parent and business unit risk committees. The frequency, content, and nature of reporting will vary for each business unit and legal entity, based on its complexity, risk profile, activities and size. 
 122 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

OPERATIONAL RISK MANAGEMENT 
 Operational risk is defined as the risk of loss, or other adverse consequences, resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, people, systems, or from external events. Operational risk includes legal, regulatory, technology, compliance, third-party and business continuity risks, but excludes business and strategy risks. 
 Operational risk is inherent in each of our business units and functions and can have many impacts, including but not limited to: unexpected economic losses or gains, reputational harm due to negative publicity, regulatory action from supervisory agencies and operational and business disruptions, and/or damage to customer relationships. 
 The Operational Risk Management (ORM) function within ERM oversees adherence to the operational risk policy and risk and control framework, which includes risk identification, assessment, measurement, management and monitoring of operational risk exposures. In line with the Three Lines of Defense Model, the ORM program includes, but is not limited to, Issue/Risk event capture, analysis and treatment, risk assessments, and key risk indicators. 
 ORM, working together with other control and assurance functions (e.g., Compliance, Financial Controls Unit, Enterprise Resiliency, and Internal Audit) through the risk and control framework, provides an independent view of operational risks for each business, and works with the business units, corporate functions, and the first line Risk and Control Owners. 
 Cybersecurity Risk 
 AIG, like other global companies, continues to witness the increased sophistication and activities of unauthorized parties attempting cyber and other computer-related penetrations such as denial of service attacks, phishing, untargeted but sophisticated and automated attacks, and other disruptive software in an effort to compromise systems, networks and obtain sensitive information. Cybersecurity risks may also derive from unintentional human error or intentional malice on the part of AIG employees or third parties who have authorized access to AIG s systems or information. 
 ERM works closely with and supports the risk management practices of Information Technology, the Information Security Office and the business units and functions that form the lines of defense against the cybersecurity risks that we face. 
 AIG s Board of Directors is regularly briefed by management on AIG s cybersecurity matters, including threats, policies, practices and ongoing efforts to improve security. For additional information regarding the privacy data protection and cybersecurity regulations to which we are subject, see Part I, Item 1. Business Regulation Privacy, Data Protection and Cybersecurity. For additional discussion of cybersecurity risks, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Business and Operations. 
 
 INSURANCE RISKS 
 Insurance risk is defined as the risk of actual claims experience and/or policyholder behavior being materially different than initially expected at the inception of an insurance contract. Uncertainties related to insurance risk can lead to deviations in magnitude and/or timing of prospective cash flows associated with our liabilities compared to what we expected. 
 We manage our business risk oversight activities through our insurance operations. A primary goal in managing our insurance operations is to achieve an acceptable risk-adjusted return on equity. To achieve this goal, we must be disciplined in risk selection, premium adequacy, and appropriate terms and conditions to cover the risk accepted. 
 We operate our insurance businesses on a global basis, and we are exposed to a wide variety of risks with different time horizons. We manage these risks throughout the organization, both centrally and locally, through a number of processes and procedures, including, but not limited to: 
 pricing and risk selection models including regular monitoring; 
 pricing approval processes; 
 pre-launch approval of product design, development and distribution; 
 underwriting approval processes and authorities; 
 modeling and reporting of aggregations and limit concentrations at multiple levels (policy, line of business, product group, country, individual/group, correlation and catastrophic risk events); 
 risk transfer tools such as reinsurance, both internal and third-party; 
 review and challenge of reserves to ensure comprehensive analysis with established escalation procedures to provide appropriate transparency in reserving decisions and judgments made in the establishment of reserves; 
 management of relationship between assets and liabilities, including hedging; 
 model risk management framework and validation processes; 
 actuarial profitability and reserve reviews; and 
 experience monitoring and assumption updates. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 123 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

We closely manage insurance risk by monitoring and controlling the nature and geographic location of the risks in each underwritten line of business, concentrations in industries, the terms and conditions of the underwriting and the premiums we charge for taking on the risk. We analyze concentrations of risks using various modeling techniques, including both probability distributions (stochastic) and/or single-point estimates (deterministic) approaches. 
 Risk Measurement, Monitoring and Limits 
 We use a number of approaches to measure our insurance risk exposure including sensitivity and scenario analyses, stochastic methods, and experience studies. Additionally, there are risk-specific assessment tools, both internal and third-party, in place to better manage the variety of insurance risks to which we are exposed. 
 We monitor concentrations of exposure through insurance limits and thresholds aggregated along dimensions such as geography, industry, or counterparty. 
 The risk monitoring responsibilities of the business units include ensuring compliance with insurance risk limits and escalation and remediation of limit breaches. Such activities are reported to management by all business units for informative decision-making on a regular basis. This monitoring approach is aligned with our overall risk limits framework. 
 For additional information on our three-tiered hierarchy of limits, see Risk Appetite, Limits, Identification and Measurement Risk Limits. 
 General Insurance Companies Key Risks 
 We manage our risks through risk review and selection processes, exposure limitations, exclusions, deductibles, self-insured retentions, coverage limits, attachment points, and reinsurance. This management is supported by sound underwriting practices, pricing procedures and the use of actuarial analysis to help determine overall adequacy of provisions for insurance. Underwriting practices and pricing procedures incorporate historical experience, changes in underlying exposure, current regulation and judicial decisions as well as proposed or anticipated regulatory changes or societal trends. 
 For General Insurance companies, risks primarily include the following: 
 Loss Reserves The potential inadequacy of the liabilities we establish for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses is a key risk faced by the General Insurance companies. We manage this uncertainty through internal controls and oversight of the loss reserve setting process, as well as reviews by external experts. For further information, see Critical Accounting Estimates Loss Reserves. 
 Underwriting The potential inadequacy of premiums charged for future risk periods on risks underwritten in our portfolios can impact the General Insurance companies ability to achieve an underwriting profit. We develop pricing based on our estimates of losses and expenses, but factors such as market pressures and the inherent uncertainty and complexity in estimating losses may result in premiums that are inadequate to generate underwriting profit. 
 Catastrophe Exposure Our business is exposed to various catastrophic events in which multiple losses can occur and affect multiple lines of business in any calendar year. Natural disasters, man-made catastrophes or pandemic disease, could also adversely affect our business and operating results to the extent they are covered by our insurance products. Concentration of exposure in certain industries or geographies may cause us to suffer disproportionate losses. 
 Single Risk Loss Exposure Our business is exposed to loss events that have the potential to generate losses from a single insured client. Events such as fires or explosions can result in loss activity for our clients. The net risk to us is managed to acceptable limits established by the Chief Underwriting Officer through a combination of internal underwriting standards and external reinsurance. 
 Reinsurance Since we use reinsurance to limit our losses, we are exposed to risks associated with reinsurance including the recoverability of expected payments from reinsurers due to either an inability or unwillingness to pay, contracts that do not respond properly to the event or actual reinsurance coverage that is different than anticipated. The inability or unwillingness to pay is considered credit risk and is monitored through our credit risk management framework. 
 Natural Catastrophe Risk 
 We manage catastrophe exposure with multiple approaches such as setting risk limits based on aggregate Probable Maximum Loss (PML) modeling, monitoring overall exposures and risk accumulations, modifying our gross underwriting standards, and purchasing catastrophe reinsurance through both the traditional reinsurance and capital markets in addition to other reinsurance protections. 
 We use third-party catastrophe risk models and other tools to evaluate and simulate frequency and severity of catastrophic events and associated losses to our portfolios of exposures. We apply adjustments to modeled losses to account for loss adjustment expenses, model biases, data quality and non-modeled risks. 
 124 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

We recognize that climate change has implications for insurance industry exposure to natural catastrophe risk. With multiple levels of risk management processes in place, we actively analyze the latest climate science and policies to anticipate potential changes to our risk profile, pricing models and strategic planning. In addition, we provide insurance products and services to help our clients be proactive against the threat of climate change. Our internal product development, underwriting, and modeling, will continue to adapt to and evolve with the developing risk exposures attributed to climate change. 
 The table below details our modeled estimates of PML, net of reinsurance, on an annual aggregate basis. The 1-in-100 and 1-in-250 PMLs are the annual aggregate probable maximum losses with probability of 1 percent and 0.4 percent in a year, respectively. Estimates as of December 31, 2022 reflect our in-force portfolio for exposures as of October 1, 2022, except for AIG Re with exposures as of January 1, 2023, and all inuring reinsurance covers as of December 31, 2022, except for the catastrophe reinsurance programs, which are as of January 1, 2023 and reflected as of such date. 
 The following table presents an overview of annual aggregate modeled losses for world-wide all perils and exposures arising from our largest primarily modeled perils: 
 At December 31, 2022 Net of Reinsurance Net of Reinsurance, 
 After Tax (f) 
 Percent of Total Shareholders' Equity Percent of Total Shareholders' Equity Excluding AOCI (in millions) Exposures: World-wide all peril (1-in-250) (a) 
 4,087 3,229 8.1 5.2 U.S. Hurricane (1-in-100) (b) 
 1,403 1,109 2.8 1.8 U.S. Earthquake (1-in-250) (c) 
 1,631 1,289 3.2 2.1 Japanese Typhoon (1-in-100) (d) 
 487 385 1.0 0.6 Japanese Earthquake (1-in-250) (e) 
 501 395 1.0 0.6 
 (a) The world-wide all peril loss estimate includes wildfire exposure. 
 (b) The U.S. hurricane loss estimate includes losses to Commercial and Personal Property from hurricane hazards of wind and storm surge. 
 (c) The U.S. earthquake loss estimates represent exposure to Commercial and Personal Property, Workers Compensation (U.S.) and A H business lines. 
 (d) Japan Typhoon loss estimate represents exposure to Commercial and Personal Property. 
 (e) Japan Earthquake loss estimate represents exposure to Commercial and Personal Property and A H business lines. 
 (f) Taxed at the statutory tax rate of 21 percent for both the U.S. and Japanese modeled losses. The majority of Japan exposures are ceded to our U.S. Pool. 
 AIG, along with other property casualty insurance and reinsurance companies, uses industry-recognized catastrophe models and applies proprietary modeling processes and assumptions to arrive at loss estimates. The use of different methodologies and assumptions could materially change the projected losses. Since there is no industry standard for assumptions and preparation of insured data for use in these models, our modeled losses may not be comparable to estimates made by other companies. 
 Also, the modeled results are based on the assumption that all reinsurers fulfill their obligations to us under the terms of the reinsurance arrangements. However, reinsurance recoverables may not be fully collectible. Therefore, these estimates are inherently uncertain and may not accurately reflect our net exposure, inclusive of credit risk, to these events. 
 Our 2023 property catastrophe reinsurance program is a worldwide program providing both aggregate and per occurrence protection, with differing per occurrence and aggregate retentions for North America, Japan, and Rest of World. In 2023, we made changes to our North America property catastrophe reinsurance program to reflect our improving portfolio with attachment points of 500 million for commercial portfolio and 300 million for Lexington and Programs business. Our property catastrophe treaty per occurrence structures largely stayed the same as 2022 for International, with Japan s retention unchanged from prior year at 200 million and Rest of World attachment point of 125 million. 
 We have also purchased property per risk covers that provide protection against large losses globally, which include those emanating from non-critical catastrophe events (all events except for named windstorm and earthquake) globally as well as critical catastrophe events (named windstorm and earthquake) outside North America. 
 Actual results in any period are likely to vary, perhaps materially, from the modeled scenarios. The occurrence of one or more severe events could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 
 For additional information, see also Part 1, Item 1A. Risk Factors Reserves and Exposures. 
 Terrorism Risk 
 We actively monitor terrorism risk and manage exposures to losses from terrorist attacks. Terrorism risks are modeled using a third-party vendor model for various terrorism attack modes and scenarios. Adjustments are made to account for vendor model gaps and the nature of the General Insurance companies exposures. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 125 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

Our largest terrorism concentrations are in New York City, and estimated losses are largely driven by the Property and Workers Compensation lines of business. Our exposure to terrorism risk in the U.S. is mitigated by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act (TRIPRA) in addition to limited private reinsurance protections. TRIPRA covers certified terrorist attacks within the U.S. or U.S. missions and against certain U.S. carriers or vessels and excludes certain lines of business as specified by applicable law. 
 We offer terrorism coverage in many other countries through various insurance products and participate in country terrorism pools when applicable. International terrorism exposure is estimated using scenario-based modeling and exposure concentration is monitored routinely. Targeted reinsurance purchases are made for some lines of business to cover potential losses due to terrorist attacks. We also rely on the government-sponsored and government-arranged terrorism reinsurance programs, including pools, in force in applicable non-U.S. jurisdictions. 
 Life and Retirement Companies Key Risks 
 We manage risk through product design, experience monitoring, pricing and underwriting discipline, risk limits and thresholds, reinsurance and active monitoring and management of the alignment between risk and cash flow profiles of assets and liabilities, and hedging instruments. 
 For Life and Retirement companies, risks include the following: 
 Longevity risk represents the risk of an increase in liabilities associated with an insurance product, e.g. an annuity policy or a payout benefit as a result of actual mortality experience being lower than the expected mortality experience. This risk exists in a number of our product lines but is most significant for our annuity products. 
 Morbidity risk represents the risk arising from actual morbidity (e.g. illness, disability or disease) incidence rate being higher than expected or the length of the claims extending longer than expected resulting in a higher overall benefit payout. This risk exists in a number of our product lines such as individual and group accident and health and long-term care businesses which for the most part are in run-off, and ceded to Fortitude Re. 
 Mortality (including pandemic) risk represents the risk of unexpected loss arising from current actual mortality experience being higher than expected mortality experience. This risk exists in a number of our product lines, but is most significant for our life insurance products. 
 Policyholder behavior risk (including full and partial surrender/lapses) represents the risk that actual policyholder behavior differs from expected behavior in a manner that has an adverse effect on our operating results. There are many related assumptions made when products are sold, including how long the contracts will persist and other assumptions which impact the expected utilization of contract benefits, options and guarantees. Actual experience can vary significantly from these assumptions. This risk is impacted by a number of factors including changes in personal policyholder situations and market conditions, especially changes in the levels of yields, equity prices, tax law, regulations, competitive landscape and policyholder preferences. 
 The emergence of significant adverse experience compared to the experience we expected and priced for could require an adjustment to benefit reserves and/or DAC, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial results of operations for a particular period. 
 For additional information on the impact of actual and expected experience on DAC and benefit reserves, see Critical Accounting Estimates Future Policy Benefits for Life and Accident and Health Insurance Contracts and Critical Accounting Estimates Guaranteed Benefit Features of Variable Annuity, Fixed Annuity and Fixed Index Annuity Products. For additional information on business risks, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Business and Operations. 
 Variable Annuity, Fixed Index Annuity and Index Universal Life Risk Management and Hedging Programs 
 Our Individual and Group Retirement businesses offer variable and fixed index annuity products with guaranteed living benefit (GLB) riders that guarantee a certain level of lifetime benefits. Under current GAAP rules, variable and certain index annuity GLBs are accounted for as embedded derivatives measured at fair value, with changes in the fair value recorded in Other realized gains (losses). GLB features subject the Life and Retirement companies to market risk, including exposure to changes in levels of interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility. 
 Product design is the first step in managing our exposure to these market risks. Risk mitigation features of our variable annuity product designs include GLB rider fees indexed to a broad equity market volatility index, required minimum allocations to fixed accounts to reduce overall equity exposure, and for some of the variable annuity products, the utilization of volatility control funds. 
 We utilize asset liability management and hedging programs to manage economic exposure to market risks that are not fully mitigated through product designs. Our hedging program is designed to offset certain changes in the economic value of embedded derivatives associated with our variable annuity, index annuity and index universal life liabilities, within established thresholds. The hedging program is designed to provide additional protection against large and combined movements in levels of interest rates, equity prices, credit spreads and market volatility under multiple scenarios. 
 126 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

Our hedging program utilizes an economic hedge target, which represents our estimate of the underlying economic risks in the embedded derivatives. The hedge target is established via a stochastic projection. This stochastic projection method uses best estimate assumptions for policyholder behavior in conjunction with market scenarios calibrated to observable equity and interest rate option prices. Policyholder behaviors are regularly evaluated to compare current assumptions to actual experience and, if appropriate, changes are made to the policyholder behavior assumptions. The risk of changes in policyholder behavior is not explicitly hedged, and such differences between expected and actual policyholder behaviors will result in hedge ineffectiveness. 
 Due to differences between the calculation of the value of the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP valuation of the embedded derivative, we expect relative movements in the economic hedge target and the U.S. GAAP embedded derivative valuation will vary over time with changes in levels of equity markets, interest rates, credit spreads and volatility. 
 For information on the impact on our consolidated pre-tax income from the change in fair value of the embedded derivatives and the hedging portfolio, as well as additional discussion of differences between the economic hedge target and the valuation of the embedded derivatives, see Insurance Reserves Life and Annuity Future Policy Benefits, Policyholder Contract Deposits and DAC Variable Annuity Guaranteed Benefits and Hedging Results. 
 In designing the hedging portfolio for our variable annuity hedging program, we make assumptions that are used in projections of future performance of the underlying mutual funds elected by the variable annuity policyholders. We use these assumptions to project future policy level account value changes. We map the mutual funds to a set of publicly traded indices that we believe best represent the liability to be hedged. Basis risk exists due to the variance between funds returns projected under these assumptions and actual fund returns, which may result in variances between changes in the value of the hedging portfolio and changes in the economic value of the hedge liability target. Net hedge results and the associated cost of hedging are also impacted by differences between realized volatility and implied volatility. 
 Our hedging programs associated with index annuity and index universal life products, are designed to manage market risk associated with the index crediting strategies offered on these product platforms. Similarly, as with the variable annuities, there are differences between the calculation of the value of the economic liability hedge target and the U.S. GAAP valuation of the index annuity and index universal life embedded derivatives, which can lead to variances in their relative movements. 
 To manage the capital market exposures embedded within the economic liability hedge targets, we identify and hedge market sensitivities to changes in equity markets, interest rates, volatility and for variable annuities, credit spreads. Each hedge program purchases derivative instruments or securities having sensitivities that offset corresponding sensitivities in the associated economic hedge targets, within internally defined threshold limits. Since the relative movements of the hedging portfolio and the economic hedge target vary over time or with market changes, the net exposure can be outside the threshold limits. As such, periodic adjustments are made to the hedging portfolio in order to return the net exposure to within the threshold limits. 
 Our hedging programs utilize various derivative instruments, including but not limited to equity options, futures contracts, interest rate swaps and swaptions. In addition, within the variable annuities hedging program, we purchase certain fixed income securities classified as available for sale. To minimize counterparty credit risk, the majority of the derivative instruments utilized within the hedging programs are cleared through global exchanges. Over the counter derivatives utilized within the hedging programs are subject to two-way collateralization, managed under a net zero collateral threshold. 
 The hedging programs are monitored on a daily basis to ensure that the economic liability hedge targets and the associated derivative portfolios stay within the threshold limits, pursuant to the approved hedging strategies. In addition, monthly stress tests are performed to determine the program s effectiveness relative to the applicable limits, under an array of combined severe market stresses in equity prices, interest rates, volatility and credit spreads. Finally, hedging strategies are reviewed regularly to gauge their effectiveness in managing our market exposures in the context of our overall risk appetite. 
 Reinsurance Activities 
 We purchase reinsurance for our insurance and reinsurance operations. Reinsurance facilitates insurance risk management (retention, volatility, concentrations) and capital planning. We may purchase reinsurance on a pooled basis. Pooling of our reinsurance risks enables us to purchase reinsurance more efficiently at a consolidated level, manage global counterparty risk and relationships and manage global catastrophe risks. 
 Reinsurance is used primarily to manage overall capital adequacy and mitigate the insurance loss (Life and Non-Life) exposure related to certain events, such as natural and man-made catastrophes, death events, or single policy level events. Our subsidiaries operate worldwide primarily by underwriting and accepting risks for their direct account on a gross basis and reinsuring a portion of the exposure on either an individual risk or an aggregate basis to the extent those risks exceed the desired retention level. In addition, as a condition of certain direct underwriting transactions, we may be required by clients, agents or regulation to cede all or a portion of risks to specified reinsurance entities, such as captives, other insurers, local reinsurers and compulsory pools. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 127 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7 | Enterprise Risk Management 

Reinsurance markets include: 
 Traditional local and global reinsurance markets including those in the United States, Bermuda, London and Europe, accessed directly and through reinsurance intermediaries; 
 Capital markets through insurance-linked securities and collateralized reinsurance transactions, such as catastrophe bonds, sidecars and similar vehicles; and 
 Other insurers that engage in both direct and assumed reinsurance. 
 The form of reinsurance we may choose from time to time will generally depend on whether we are seeking: 
 proportional reinsurance, whereby we cede a specified percentage of premiums and losses to reinsurers; 
 non-proportional or excess of loss reinsurance, whereby we cede all or a specified portion of losses in excess of a specified amount on a per risk, per occurrence (including catastrophe reinsurance) or aggregate basis; or 
 facultative contracts that reinsure individual policies. 
 We continually evaluate the relative attractiveness of different forms of reinsurance contracts and different markets that may be used to achieve our risk and profitability objectives. 
 Reinsurance contracts do not relieve our subsidiaries from their direct obligations to insureds. However, an effective reinsurance program substantially mitigates our exposure to potentially significant losses. 
 In certain markets, we are required to participate on a proportional basis in reinsurance pools based on our relative share of direct writings in those markets. Such mandatory reinsurance generally covers higher-risk consumer exposures such as assigned-risk automobile and earthquake, as well as certain commercial exposures such as workers compensation. 
 Reinsurance Recoverable 
 AIG s reinsurance recoverable assets are comprised of paid losses recoverable, ceded loss reserves, ceded reserves for unearned premiums, and Life and Annuity reinsurance recoverables (ceded policy and claim reserves and policyholder contract deposits). 
 At December 31, 2022, total reinsurance recoverable assets were 71.6 billion. These assets include general reinsurance paid losses recoverable of 4.4 billion, ceded loss reserves of 32.2 billion including reserves for IBNR claims, and ceded reserves for unearned premiums of 4.3 billion, as well as life reinsurance recoverable of 30.7 billion. The methods used to estimate IBNR and to establish the resulting ultimate losses involve projecting the frequency and severity of losses over multiple years. These methods are continually reviewed and updated by management. Any adjustments are reflected in income. We believe that the amount recorded for ceded loss reserves at December 31, 2022 reflects a reasonable estimate of the ultimate losses recoverable. Actual losses may, however, differ from the reserves currently ceded. 
 The Reinsurance Credit Department (RCD) conducts periodic detailed assessments of the financial strength and condition of current and potential reinsurers, both foreign and domestic. The RCD monitors both the financial condition of reinsurers as well as the total reinsurance recoverable ceded to reinsurers, and sets limits with regard to the amount and type of exposure we are willing to take with reinsurers. As part of these assessments, we attempt to identify whether a reinsurer is appropriately licensed, assess its financial capacity and liquidity, and evaluate the local economic and financial environment in which a foreign reinsurer operates. The RCD reviews the nature of the risks ceded and the need for measures, including collateral to mitigate credit risk. For example, in our treaty reinsurance contracts, we frequently include provisions that require a reinsurer to post collateral or use other measures to reduce exposure when a referenced event occurs. Furthermore, we limit our unsecured exposure to reinsurers through the use of credit triggers such as insurer financial strength rating downgrades, declines in regulatory capital, or relevant RBC ratios fall below certain levels. We also set maximum limits for reinsurance recoverable exposure, which in some cases is the recoverable amount plus an estimate of the maximum potential exposure from unexpected events for a reinsurer. In addition, credit executives within ERM review reinsurer exposures and credit limits and approve reinsurer credit limits above specified levels. Finally, even where we conclude that uncollateralized credit risk is acceptable, we require collateral from active reinsurance counterparties where it is necessary for our subsidiaries to recognize the reinsurance recoverable assets for statutory accounting purposes. At December 31, 2022, we held 74.3 billion of collateral, in the form of funds withheld, securities in reinsurance trust accounts and/or irrevocable letters of credit, in support of reinsurance recoverable assets from unaffiliated reinsurers. 
 At December 31, 2022, we had no significant reinsurance recoverable due from any individual reinsurer that was financially troubled. Reduced profitability associated with lower interest rates, market volatility and catastrophe losses (including COVID-19), could potentially result in reduced capacity or rating downgrades for some reinsurers. The RCD, in conjunction with the credit executives within ERM, reviews these developments, monitors compliance with credit triggers that may require the reinsurer to post collateral, and seeks to use other appropriate means to mitigate any material risks arising from these developments. 
 For additional information on reinsurance recoverable, see Critical Accounting Estimates Reinsurance Assets. 
 128 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Glossary 

Glossary 
 Accident year The annual calendar accounting period in which loss events occurred, regardless of when the losses are actually reported, booked or paid. 
 Accident year combined ratio, as adjusted (Accident year combined ratio, ex-CAT) The combined ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting. 
 Accident year loss ratio, as adjusted (Accident year loss ratio, ex-CAT) The loss ratio excluding catastrophe losses and related reinstatement premiums, prior year development, net of premium adjustments, and the impact of reserve discounting. 
 Acquisition ratio Acquisition costs divided by net premiums earned. Acquisition costs are those costs incurred to acquire new and renewal insurance contracts and also include the amortization of VOBA and DAC. Acquisition costs vary with sales and include, but are not limited to, commissions, premium taxes, direct marketing costs and certain costs of personnel engaged in sales support activities such as underwriting. 
 Adjusted revenues exclude Net realized gains (losses), income from non-operating litigation settlements (included in Other income for GAAP purposes), changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits (included in Net investment income for GAAP purposes) and income from elimination of the international reporting lag. Adjusted revenues is a GAAP measure for our segments. 
 Assets under administration include assets under management and Retail Mutual Funds and Group Retirement mutual fund assets that we sell or administer. 
 Attritional losses are losses recorded in the current accident year, which are not catastrophe losses. 
 AUM Assets under management include assets in the general and separate accounts of our subsidiaries that support liabilities and surplus related to our life and annuity insurance products and the notional value of stable value wrap contracts. 
 Base yield Net investment income excluding income from alternative investments and other enhancements, as a percentage of average base invested asset portfolio, which excludes alternative investments, other bond securities and certain other investments for which the fair value option has been elected. 
 Book value per common share, excluding accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) (AOCI) adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets and deferred tax assets (DTA) (Adjusted book value per common share) is a non-GAAP measure and is used to show the amount of our net worth on a per-common share basis. Adjusted book value per common share is derived by dividing total AIG common shareholders equity, excluding AOCI adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets and DTA (Adjusted common shareholders equity), by total common shares outstanding. 
 Casualty insurance Insurance that is primarily associated with the losses caused by injuries to third persons, i.e., not the insured, and the legal liability imposed on the insured as a result. 
 Combined ratio Sum of the loss ratio and the acquisition and general operating expense ratios. 
 CSA Credit Support Annex A legal document generally associated with an ISDA Master Agreement that provides for collateral postings which could vary depending on ratings and threshold levels. 
 Credit Valuation Adjustment (CVA)/Non-Performance Risk Adjustment (NPA) The CVA/NPA adjusts the valuation of derivatives to account for nonperformance risk of our counterparty with respect to all net derivative assets positions. The CVA/NPA also accounts for our own credit risk in the fair value measurement of all derivative net liability positions and liabilities where AIG has elected the fair value option, when appropriate. 
 DAC Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Deferred costs that are incremental and directly related to the successful acquisition of new business or renewal of existing business. 
 DAC Related to Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) of Investments An adjustment to DAC and Reserves for investment-oriented products, equal to the change in DAC and unearned revenue amortization that would have been recorded if fixed maturity securities available for sale at fair value had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields. An adjustment to benefit reserves for investment-oriented products is also recognized to reflect the application of the benefit ratio to the accumulated assessments that would have been recorded if fixed maturity securities available for sale at fair value had been sold at their stated aggregate fair value and the proceeds reinvested at current yields. 
 For long-duration traditional products, significant unrealized appreciation of investments in a sustained low interest rate environment may cause additional future policy benefit liabilities to be recorded. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 129 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Glossary 

Deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance Retroactive reinsurance is a reinsurance contract in which an assuming entity agrees to reimburse a ceding entity for liabilities incurred as a result of past insurable events. If the amount of premium paid by the ceding reinsurer is less than the related ceded loss reserves, the resulting gain is deferred and amortized over the settlement period of the reserves. Any related development on the ceded loss reserves recoverable under the contract would increase the deferred gain if unfavorable, or decrease the deferred gain if favorable. 
 DSI Deferred Sales Inducements Represents enhanced crediting rates or bonus payments to contract holders on certain annuity and investment contract products that meet the criteria to be deferred and amortized over the life of the contract. 
 Expense ratio Sum of acquisition expenses and general operating expenses, divided by net premiums earned. 
 General operating expense ratio General operating expenses divided by net premiums earned. General operating expenses are those costs that are generally attributed to the support infrastructure of the organization and include but are not limited to personnel costs, projects and bad debt expenses. General operating expenses exclude losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, acquisition expenses, and investment expenses. 
 GIC/GIA Guaranteed Investment Contract/Guaranteed Investment Agreement A contract whereby the seller provides a guaranteed repayment of principal and a fixed or floating interest rate for a predetermined period of time. 
 IBNR Incurred But Not Reported Estimates of claims that have been incurred but not reported to us. 
 ISDA Master Agreement An agreement between two counterparties, which may have multiple derivative transactions with each other governed by such agreement, that generally provides for the net settlement of all or a specified group of these derivative transactions, as well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of a default on, or affecting any, one derivative transaction or a termination event affecting all, or a specified group of, derivative transactions. 
 Loss Adjustment Expenses The expenses directly attributed to settling and paying claims of insureds and include, but are not limited to, legal fees, adjuster s fees and the portion of general expenses allocated to claim settlement costs. 
 Loan-to-value ratio Principal amount of loan amount divided by appraised value of collateral securing the loan. 
 Loss ratio Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred divided by net premiums earned. 
 Loss reserve development The increase or decrease in incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses related to prior years as a result of the re-estimation of loss reserves at successive valuation dates for a given group of claims. 
 Loss reserves Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses. The estimated ultimate cost of settling claims relating to insured events that have occurred on or before the balance sheet date, whether or not reported to the insurer at that date. 
 Master netting agreement An agreement between two counterparties who have multiple derivative contracts with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts covered by such agreement, as well as pledged collateral, through a single payment, in a single currency, in the event of default on or upon termination of any one such contract. 
 Natural catastrophe losses are generally weather or seismic events having a net impact on AIG in excess of 10 million each and man-made catastrophe losses, such as terrorism and civil disorders that exceed the 10 million threshold. 
 Net premiums written represent the sales of an insurer, adjusted for reinsurance premiums assumed and ceded, during a given period. Net premiums earned are the revenue of an insurer for covering risk during a given period. Net premiums written are a measure of performance for a sales period, while net premiums earned are a measure of performance for a coverage period. 
 Noncontrolling interests The portion of equity ownership in a consolidated subsidiary not attributable to the controlling parent company. 
 Policy fees An amount added to a policy premium, or deducted from a policy cash value or contract holder account, to reflect the cost of issuing a policy, establishing the required records, sending premium notices and other related expenses. 
 Pool A reinsurance arrangement whereby all of the underwriting results of the pool members are combined and then shared by each member in accordance with its pool participation percentage. 
 Premiums and deposits Life and Retirement includes direct and assumed amounts received and earned on traditional life insurance policies, group benefit policies and life-contingent payout annuities, as well as deposits received on universal life, investment-type annuity contracts, FHLB funding agreements and mutual funds. 
 Prior year development See Loss reserve development . 
 RBC Risk-Based Capital A formula designed to measure the adequacy of an insurer s statutory surplus compared to the risks inherent in its business. 
 
 130 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Glossary 

Reinstatement premiums Premiums on an insurance policy over and above the initial premium imposed at the beginning of the policy payable to reinsurers or receivable from insurers to restore coverage limits that have been reduced or exhausted as a result of reinsured losses under certain excess of loss reinsurance contracts. 
 Reinsurance The practice whereby one insurer, the reinsurer, in consideration of a premium paid to that insurer, agrees to indemnify another insurer, the ceding company, for part or all of the liability of the ceding company under one or more policies or contracts of insurance which it has issued. 
 Reinsurance recoverables are comprised of paid losses recoverable, ceded loss reserves, ceded reserves for unearned premiums, and Life and Annuity reinsurance recoverables (ceded policy and claim reserves and policyholder contract deposits). 
 Retroactive reinsurance See Deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance . 
 Return on common equity Adjusted after-tax income excluding AOCI adjusted for the cumulative unrealized gains and losses related to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets and DTA (Adjusted return on common equity) is a non-GAAP measure and is used to show the rate of return on common shareholders equity. Adjusted return on common equity is derived by dividing actual or annualized adjusted after-tax income attributable to AIG common shareholders by average Adjusted common shareholders equity. 
 Subrogation The amount of recovery for claims we have paid our policyholders, generally from a negligent third party or such party s insurer. 
 Surrender charge A charge levied against an investor for the early withdrawal of funds from a life insurance or annuity contract, or for the cancellation of the agreement. 
 Surrender rate represents annualized surrenders and withdrawals as a percentage of average reserves and Group Retirement mutual fund assets under administration. 
 Unearned premium reserve Liabilities established by insurers and reinsurers to reflect unearned premiums, which are usually refundable to policyholders if an insurance or reinsurance contract is canceled prior to expiration of the contract term. 
 VOBA Value of Business Acquired Present value of projected future gross profits from in-force policies of acquired businesses. 

Acronyms 
 A H Accident and Health Insurance GMDB Guaranteed Minimum Death Benefits ABS Asset-Backed Securities GMWB Guaranteed Minimum Withdrawal Benefits APTI Adjusted pre-tax income ISDA International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. AUM Assets Under Management Moody's Moody's Investors' Service Inc. CDS Credit Default Swap NAIC National Association of Insurance Commissioners CLO Collateralized loan Obligations NM Not Meaningful CMA Capital Maintenance Agreement ORR Obligor Risk Ratings CMBS Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities OTC Over-the-Counter EGPs Estimated Gross Profits RMBS Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ERM Enterprise Risk Management S P Standard Poor's Financial Services LLC FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board SEC Securities and Exchange Commission GAAP Accounting Principles Generally Accepted in the URR Unearned Revenue Reserve United States of America VIE Variable Interest Entity GIA Guaranteed Investment Agreements 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 131 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

ITEM 7A | Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 The information required by this item is set forth in the Enterprise Risk Management section of Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 132 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

Part II 

ITEM 8 | Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 
 REFERENCE TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 
 Page FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 134 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 138 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 139 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 140 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 141 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 142 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Note 1 . 
 Basis of Presentation 
 144 
 Note 2. 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 147 
 Note 3 . 
 Segment Information 
 151 
 Note 4. 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 155 
 Note 5. 
 Investments 
 174 
 Note 6. 
 Lending Activities 
 185 
 Note 7. 
 Reinsurance 
 189 
 Note 8 . 
 Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 
 194 
 Note 9 . 
 Variable Interest Entities 
 196 
 Note 10. 
 Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 
 198 
 Note 11. 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 202 
 Note 1 2 . 
 Insurance Liabilities 
 203 
 Note 13. 
 Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 
 227 
 Note 14. 
 Debt 
 229 
 Note 1 5 . 
 Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 
 232 
 Note 1 6 . 
 Equity 
 234 
 Note 1 7 . 
 Earnings Per Common Share (EPS) 
 238 
 Note 18. 
 Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions 
 239 
 Note 19. 
 Share-Based Compensation Plans 
 241 
 Note 20 . 
 Employee Benefits 
 244 
 Note 2 1 . 
 Income Taxes 
 251 
 Schedules 
 SCHEDULE I 
 Summary of Investments Other than Investments in Related Parties at December 31, 2022 
 263 
 SCHEDULE II 
 Condensed Financial Information of Registrant at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 264 
 SCHEDULE III 
 Supplementary Insurance Information at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 268 
 SCHEDULE IV 
 Reinsurance for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 269 
 SCHEDULE V 
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 269 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 133 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of American International Group, Inc. 
 Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of American International Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss), of comprehensive income (loss), of equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) . 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO . 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 134 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Valuation of Certain Level 3 Fixed Maturity Securities 
 As described in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the total fair value of the Company s level 3 fixed maturity securities, including bonds available for sale and other bond securities, was 26.4 billion, comprised of residential mortgage backed securities, commercial mortgage backed securities, collateralized loan obligations, other asset-backed securities, and fixed maturity securities issued by corporations (including private placements), states, municipalities, and other governmental agencies. As the volume or level of market activity for these securities is limited, management determines fair value either by requesting brokers who are knowledgeable about the particular security to provide a price quote, which according to management is generally non-binding, or by employing market accepted valuation models. In both cases, certain inputs used by management to determine fair value may not be observable in the market. For certain private placement securities, fair value is determined by management based on discounted cash flow models using discount rates based on credit spreads, yields or price levels of comparable securities, adjusted for illiquidity and structure. For other level 3 fixed maturity securities, such assumptions may include loan delinquencies and defaults, loss severity, and prepayments. As disclosed by management, fair value estimates are subject to management review to ensure valuation models and related inputs are reasonable. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of certain level 3 fixed maturity securities is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to determine the fair value of these securities, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment in performing the audit procedures relating to the aforementioned assumptions that are used to determine the fair value, (ii) the significant audit effort and judgment in evaluating the audit evidence related to the valuation, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of level 3 fixed maturity securities, including controls related to (i) management s review over the pricing function and (ii) identifying and resolving pricing exceptions. These procedures also included, among others, obtaining independent third party vendor pricing, where available, and the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in developing an independent range of prices for a sample of securities. Developing the independent range of prices involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data provided by management on a sample basis and evaluating management s assumptions noted above. The independent third party vendor pricing and the independently developed ranges were compared to management s recorded fair value estimates. 
 Valuation of Insurance Liabilities - Unpaid Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses (Loss Reserves), Net of Reinsurance 
 As described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, loss reserves represent the accumulation of estimates of unpaid claims, including estimates for claims incurred but not reported and loss adjustment expenses, less applicable discount. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses was 43.1 billion. As disclosed by management, the estimate of the loss reserves relies on several key judgments, including (i) actuarial methods, (ii) relative weights given to these methods by product line, (iii) underlying actuarial assumptions, and (iv) groupings of similar product lines. Actuarial assumptions include (i) expected loss ratios and (ii) loss development factors. During management s actuarial reviews, various factors are considered, including economic conditions; the legal, regulatory, judicial and social environment; medical cost trends; policy pricing, terms and conditions; changes in the claims handling process; and the impact of reinsurance. As described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, management uses a combination of actuarial methods to project ultimate losses for both long-tail and short-tail exposures. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of insurance liabilities - loss reserves, net of reinsurance is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing their estimate, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment in performing the audit procedures related to the estimate, (ii) the significant audit effort and judgment in evaluating the audit evidence related to the actuarial methods, weights given to these methods by product line, groupings of similar product lines, and the aforementioned actuarial assumptions, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of the net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expense, including controls over the selection of actuarial methods and development of significant assumptions, as well as controls designed to identify and address management bias and contrary evidence. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing one or a combination of procedures for a sample of product lines, including (i) independently estimating reserves using actual historical data and loss development patterns, as well as industry data and other benchmarks, and comparing management s actuarially determined reserves to these independent estimates and (ii) evaluating management s actuarial reserving methods and aforementioned factors, including actuarial assumptions and judgments impacting loss reserves and the consistency of management s approach period-over-period. Performing these procedures involved testing the completeness and accuracy of data used by management on a sample basis. 
 Valuation of Embedded Derivatives for Variable Annuity and Fixed Index Annuity Products and Valuation of Certain Guaranteed Benefit Features for Universal Life Products 
 As described in Notes 4 and 13 to the consolidated financial statements, certain fixed index annuity and variable annuity contracts contain embedded derivatives that are bifurcated from the host contracts and accounted for separately at fair value in policyholder contract deposits. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of these embedded derivatives was 5.7 billion and 0.7 billion for fixed index annuity and variable annuities with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits, respectively. The fair value of embedded derivatives contained in certain variable annuity and fixed index annuity contracts is measured based on policyholder behavior and capital market assumptions related to projected 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 135 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

cash flows over the expected lives of the contracts. The policyholder behavior assumptions for these liabilities include mortality, lapses, withdrawals, and benefit utilization, along with an explicit risk margin to reflect a market participant s estimates of projected cash flows. Estimates of future policyholder behavior assumptions are subjective and based primarily on the Company s historical experience. The capital market assumptions related to the embedded derivatives for variable annuity contracts involve judgments regarding expected market rates of return, market volatility, credit spreads, correlations of certain market variables, fund performance, and discount rates. Unobservable inputs used for valuing the embedded derivative include long-term equity volatilities which represent the volatility beyond the period for which observable equity volatilities are available. With respect to embedded derivatives for fixed index annuity contracts, option pricing models are used to estimate fair value, taking into account the capital market assumptions. Such models use option budget assumptions which estimate the expected long-term cost of options used to hedge exposures associated with equity price changes. The option budget determines the future costs of the options, which impacts the growth in account value and the valuation of embedded derivatives. Additional policyholder liabilities are also established for universal life policies with secondary guarantees, as well as other universal life policies for which profits followed by losses are expected at contract inception. As of December 31, 2022, the liability for universal life secondary guarantees and similar features was 2.8 billion, which is included within future policy benefits. The policyholder behavior assumptions for these liabilities include mortality, lapses and premium persistency. The capital market assumptions used for the liability for universal life secondary guarantees include discount rates and net earned rates. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of embedded derivatives for variable annuity and fixed index annuity products and valuation of certain guaranteed benefit features for universal life products is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management in developing the aforementioned policyholder behavior assumptions, as well as long-term equity volatilities and option budget assumptions, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment in performing the audit procedures related to the significant assumptions used in the estimate, (ii) the significant audit effort and judgment in evaluating the audit evidence relating to the significant assumptions used by management in the valuation of the embedded derivatives and additional policyholder liabilities, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the development of assumptions used in the valuation of embedded derivatives for variable annuity and fixed index annuity products and valuation of certain guaranteed benefit features for universal life products. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing an evaluation of the appropriateness of management s methodology and the reasonableness of management s judgments used in developing policyholder behavior, as well as long-term volatilities and option budget assumptions used in estimating the valuation of guaranteed benefit features. These procedures considered the consistency of the assumptions across products, in relation to prior periods, and in relation to management s historical experience or observed industry practice, and the continued appropriateness of unchanged assumptions. Procedures were performed to test the completeness and accuracy of data used by management on a sample basis. 
 Valuation of Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs for Universal Life and Individual Retirement Variable Annuity Products 
 As described in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, a portion of the 11 billion deferred policy acquisition costs (DAC) for investment-oriented products are associated with universal life and individual retirement variable annuity products. Policy acquisition costs and policy issuance costs related to investment-oriented products are deferred and amortized, with interest, in relation to the incidence of estimated gross profits to be realized over the estimated lives of the contracts. Estimated gross profits are affected by a number of factors, including current and expected interest rates, net investment income and spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender rates, mortality experience, policyholder behavior experience, equity market returns, and volatility. If the assumptions used for estimated gross profits change, DAC is recalculated using the new assumptions, including actuarial assumptions related to mortality, lapse, benefit utilization, and premium persistency, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. DAC for investment-oriented products is reviewed by management for recoverability, which involves estimating the future profitability of the current business. If actual profitability is substantially lower than previously estimated profitability, DAC may be subject to an impairment charge. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of DAC for universal life and individual retirement variable annuity products is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management to determine the policyholder behavior assumptions related to mortality, lapse, benefit utilization, and premium persistency, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment in performing the audit procedures related to the significant assumptions used in the estimate, (ii) the significant audit effort and judgment in evaluating the audit evidence relating to management s policyholder behavior assumptions, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the amortization and recoverability of DAC for universal life and individual retirement variable annuity products, including controls over the development of significant assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in evaluating the appropriateness of management s methodology and the reasonableness of management s policyholder behavior assumptions related to mortality, lapse, benefit utilization, and premium persistency, which are used in the calculation of estimated gross profits. The evaluation of the reasonableness of the assumptions included consideration of the consistency of the assumptions across products in relation to prior periods and in relation to management s historical experience or observed industry practice. Procedures were performed to test the completeness and accuracy of data used by management in developing the assumptions on a sample basis. 
 136 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Recoverability of U.S. Federal Deferred Tax Asset 
 As described in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had a net U.S. federal deferred tax asset of 13.9 billion, 5.2 billion of which related to U.S. tax attributes of AIG's consolidated federal income tax group with a limited carryforward period. Management evaluates the recoverability of the deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance based on the weight of all positive and negative evidence to reach a conclusion of whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. As disclosed by management, in assessing the recoverability of the deferred tax asset, management considers a number of factors, which include forecasts of future income for each of the businesses and actual and planned business and operational changes, using assumptions about future macroeconomic and company specific conditions and events. Management subjects the forecasts to changes in key assumptions and evaluates the effect on tax attribute utilization, including tax attribute carryforward periods. Management also applies changes to assumptions about the effectiveness of relevant prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. As of December 31, 2022, management determined that it is no longer more-likely-than-not that 713 million of the Company s deferred tax assets related to tax attribute carryforwards of AIG's consolidated federal income tax group will be utilized prior to expiration. 
 The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the recoverability of the U.S. federal deferred tax asset is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing their estimate of the recoverability, which in turn led to a high degree of auditor subjectivity and judgment in performing the audit procedures relating to the forecasts of future income for each of the businesses, assumptions about future macroeconomic and company specific conditions and events, tax attribute carryforward periods, and tax planning strategies, (ii) the significant audit effort and judgment in evaluating the audit evidence related to the recoverability of the U.S. federal deferred tax asset, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. 
 Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the recoverability of the U.S. federal deferred tax asset, including controls over the accuracy of input data relevant to the analysis, such as cumulative income/loss measurement, reversal of temporary differences, adjustments to forecasted pre-tax income to calculate future taxable income, impacts of tax audits, and enacted and effective tax law considerations. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in (i) evaluating management s assessment of the recoverability of the U.S. federal deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance, including the reasonableness of the application of tax law, (ii) testing management s process for forecasting future income for each of the businesses, which included evaluating the impact of actual and planned business and operational changes, the reasonableness of assumptions about future macroeconomic and company specific conditions and events, impacts of tax audits, as well as considering whether management demonstrated their ability and intent in executing planned strategies, (iii) testing the tax attribute carryforward periods, and (iv) evaluating the prudence and feasibility of the implementation of available tax planning strategies that impact the recoverability of the U.S. federal deferred tax asset. 
 /s/ 
 
 February 17, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 1980. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 137 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

American International Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 (in millions, except for share data) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Assets: Investments: Fixed maturity securities: Bonds available for sale, at fair value, net of allowance for credit losses of in 2022 and in 2021 (amortized cost: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Other bond securities, at fair value (See Note 5) 
 Equity securities, at fair value (See Note 5) 
 Mortgage and other loans receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Other invested assets (portion measured at fair value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Short-term investments, including restricted cash of in 2022 and in 2021 (portion measured at fair value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Total investments Cash Accrued investment income Premiums and other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses and disputes of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Reinsurance assets - Fortitude Re, net of allowance for credit losses and disputes of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Reinsurance assets - other, net of allowance for credit losses and disputes of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Deferred income taxes Deferred policy acquisition costs Other assets, net of allowance for credit losses of in 2022 and in 2021, including restricted cash of in 2022 and in 2021 (portion measured at fair value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Separate account assets, at fair value Total assets Liabilities: Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including allowance for credit losses of in 2022 and in 2021 
 Unearned premiums Future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts Policyholder contract deposits (portion measured at fair value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Other policyholder funds Fortitude Re funds withheld payable (portion measured at fair value: 2022 - ); 2021 - 
 Other liabilities (portion measured at fair value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Short-term and long-term debt, of which is short-term debt in 2022 (portion measured at fair value: 2022 - ; 2021 - 
 Debt of consolidated investment entities Separate account liabilities Total liabilities Contingencies, commitments and guarantees (See Note 15) 
 AIG shareholders equity: Series A non-cumulative preferred stock and additional paid in capital, par value; shares authorized; shares issued: 2022 - and 2021 - ; liquidation preference 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued: 2022 - and 2021 - 
 Treasury stock, at cost; 2022 - shares; 2021 - shares of common stock 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total AIG shareholders equity Non-redeemable noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 138 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

American International Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, (dollars in millions, except per common share data) 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Premiums Policy fees Net investment income: Net investment income - excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld assets Net investment income - Fortitude Re funds withheld assets Total net investment income Net realized gains (losses): Net realized gains (losses) - excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld assets and embedded derivative ) Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets ) Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative ) ) Total net realized gains (losses) ) Other income Total revenues Benefits, losses and expenses: Policyholder benefits and losses incurred Interest credited to policyholder account balances Amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs General operating and other expenses Interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Net (gain) loss on divestitures and other ) Total benefits, losses and expenses Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit): Current ) Deferred ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net income (loss) ) Less: Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to AIG ) Less: Dividends on preferred stock Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders ) Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG common shareholders: Basic: Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders ) Diluted: Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 139 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

American International Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of fixed maturity securities on which allowance for credit losses was taken ) ) Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other investments ) ) Change in foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in retirement plan liabilities adjustment ) ) Change in fair value of liabilities under fair value option attributable to changes in own credit risk ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to AIG ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 140 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

American International Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 
 (in millions, except per share data) Preferred Stock and Additional Paid-in Capital Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total AIG Share- holders' Equity Non- redeemable Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance, January 1, 2020 ) Cumulative effect of change in accounting principle, net of tax ) ) ) Common stock issued under stock plans ) ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to AIG or noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Dividends on preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Net decrease due to divestitures and acquisitions ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) Common stock issued under stock plans ) ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to AIG or noncontrolling interests Dividends on preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net increase due to divestitures and acquisitions ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other Balance, December 31, 2021 ) Common stock issued under stock plans ) ) ) Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Net income attributable to AIG or noncontrolling interests Dividends on preferred stock per share) 
 ) ) ) Dividends on common stock per share) 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net increase due to divestitures and acquisitions ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Other ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 141 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

American International Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) (Income) loss from discontinued operations ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: Noncash revenues, expenses, gains and losses included in income (loss): Net (gains) losses on sales of securities available for sale and other assets ) ) Net (gain) loss on divestitures and other ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Unrealized gains in earnings - net ) ) ) Equity in (income) loss from equity method investments, net of dividends or distributions ) Depreciation and other amortization Impairments of assets Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Insurance reserves ) Premiums and other receivables and payables - net ) ) Reinsurance assets, net ) ) Capitalization of deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) ) Current and deferred income taxes - net ) Other, net ) Total adjustments ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from (payments for) Sales or distributions of: Available for sale securities Other securities Other invested assets Divestitures, net Maturities of fixed maturity securities available for sale Principal payments received on and sales of mortgage and other loans receivable Purchases of: Available for sale securities ) ) ) Other securities ) ) ) Other invested assets ) ) ) Mortgage and other loans receivable ) ) ) Net change in short-term investments ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from (payments for) Policyholder contract deposits Policyholder contract withdrawals ) ) ) Issuance of long-term debt Issuance of debt of consolidated investment entities Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Repayments of debt of consolidated investment entities ) ) ) Borrowings under delayed draw term loan agreement Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and restricted cash ) ) Net decrease in cash and restricted cash ) ) ) Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and restricted cash at end of year 
 142 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

American International Group, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 Supplementary Disclosure of Consolidated Cash Flow Information 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Restricted cash included in Short-term investments Restricted cash included in Other assets Total cash and restricted cash shown in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Cash paid during the period for: Interest Taxes Non-cash investing activities: Fixed maturity securities available for sale received in connection with pension risk transfer transactions Fixed maturity securities received in connection with reinsurance transactions Fixed maturity securities transferred in connection with reinsurance transactions ) ) ) Non-cash financing activities: Interest credited to policyholder contract deposits included in financing activities Fee income debited to policyholder contract deposits included in financing activities ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 143 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 1. Basis of Presentation 

countries and jurisdictions. AIG companies serve commercial and individual customers through one of the most extensive worldwide property casualty networks of any insurer. In addition, AIG Life and Retirement companies are leading providers of life insurance and retirement services in the United States. AIG Common Stock, par value per share (AIG Common Stock), is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: AIG). Unless the context indicates otherwise, the terms AIG, we, us, our or "the Company" mean American International Group, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries and the term AIG Parent means American International Group, Inc. and not any of its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (U.S. GAAP). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. 
 
 million shares of Corebridge Financial, Inc. (Corebridge) common stock at a public offering price of per share, representing percent of Corebridge's common stock. Corebridge is the holding company for AIG s Life and Retirement business. The aggregate gross proceeds of the offering to AIG, before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other expenses payable by AIG, were approximately billion. After consideration of underwriting discounts, commissions and other related expenses payable by AIG, AIG recorded million as an increase in AIG s shareholder s equity. 
 Blackstone Inc. (Blackstone) completed the acquisition of a percent equity stake in Corebridge in November 2021. Blackstone is required to hold its ownership interest in Corebridge following the completion of the separation of the Life and Retirement business, subject to exceptions permitting Blackstone to sell percent, percent and percent of its shares after the first, second and third anniversaries, respectively, of Corebridge IPO (which will be September 19, 2023, 2024 and 2025, respectively), with the transfer restrictions terminating in full on the fifth anniversary of the IPO (September 19, 2027). In the event that the IPO of Corebridge was not completed prior to November 2, 2023, Blackstone had the right to require AIG to undertake the IPO, and in the event that the IPO had not been completed prior to November 2, 2024, Blackstone had the right to exchange all or a portion of its ownership interest in Corebridge for shares of AIG's common stock. As a result of the consummation of the IPO on September 19, 2022, this exchange right of Blackstone was terminated. Also in November 2021, Corebridge declared a dividend payable to AIG Parent in the amount of billion. In connection with such dividend, Corebridge issued a promissory note to AIG Parent in the amount of billion (the Intercompany Note). The Intercompany Note was repaid to AIG Parent prior to the IPO of Corebridge with the proceeds of (i) the issuance by Corebridge, on April 5, 2022, of senior unsecured notes in the aggregate principal amount of billion, (ii) the issuance by Corebridge, on August 23, 2022, of billion aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior 
 144 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 1. Basis of Presentation 

billion borrowing under Corebridge's billion -Year Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement. 
 Following the IPO, AIG owns percent of the outstanding common stock of Corebridge and continues to consolidate the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of Corebridge in AIG s Consolidated Financial Statements. The portion of equity interest of Corebridge that AIG does not own is reflected as noncontrolling interest in AIG s Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In 2021, AIG entered into a long-term asset management relationship with Blackstone, pursuant to which Blackstone is initially managing billion of Corebridge s existing investment portfolio, with that amount increasing to an aggregate of billion over the next five years. 
 On December 15, 2021, AIG and Blackstone Real Estate Income Trust (BREIT), a long-term, perpetual capital vehicle affiliated with Blackstone, completed the acquisition by BREIT of AIG s interests in a U.S. affordable housing portfolio for billion, in an all cash transaction, resulting in a pre-tax gain of billion. The historical results of the U.S. affordable housing portfolio were reported in our Life and Retirement operating segments. 
 Our Investment Management Agreements with BlackRock 
 Since April 2022, AIG and Corebridge insurance company subsidiaries have entered into separate investment management agreements with BlackRock. Certain additional insurance company subsidiaries will also enter into such investment management agreements over the coming months. We have since transferred the management of billion of our investments in liquid fixed income and certain private placement assets, including billion of the Corebridge investment portfolio, to BlackRock under such investment management agreements as of December 31, 2022. 
 Sale of Certain AIG Life and Retirement Retail Mutual Funds Business 
 On July 16, 2021, AIG announced the closing of its sale of certain assets of Life and Retirement's Retail Mutual Funds business to Touchstone Investments (Touchstone), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Western Southern Financial Group. This sale consisted of the reorganization of of the retail mutual funds managed by SunAmerica Asset Management, LLC (SAAMCo), a Life and Retirement entity, into certain Touchstone funds. We received initial proceeds, and the retail mutual funds managed by SAAMCo, with billion in assets, were reorganized into Touchstone funds. Additional consideration has been and may be earned over a period based on asset levels in certain reorganized funds. 
 Fortitude Holdings 
 On June 2, 2020, we completed the sale of a majority of the interests in Fortitude Group Holdings, LLC (Fortitude Holdings) to Carlyle FRL, L.P. (Carlyle FRL), an investment fund advised by an affiliate of The Carlyle Group Inc. (Carlyle), and T D United Capital Co., Ltd. (T D), a subsidiary of T D Holdings, Inc., under the terms of a membership interest purchase agreement entered into on November 25, 2019 (the Purchase Agreement) by and among AIG, Fortitude Holdings, Carlyle FRL, Carlyle, T D and T D Holdings, Inc. (the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale). AIG established Fortitude Reinsurance Company Ltd. (Fortitude Re), a wholly owned subsidiary of Fortitude Holdings, in 2018 in a series of reinsurance transactions related to AIG s Run-Off operations. As of closing of the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale, these reinsurance transactions are no longer considered affiliated transactions and Fortitude Re is the reinsurer of the majority of AIG s Run-Off operations. As these reinsurance transactions are structured as modified coinsurance and loss portfolio transfers with funds withheld, AIG continues to reflect the invested assets, which consist mostly of available for sale securities, supporting Fortitude Re s obligations, in AIG s financial statements. 
 As a result of completion of the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale, AIG retained a percent ownership interest in Fortitude Holdings and one seat on its Board of Managers and received billion of proceeds. AIG recorded a total after-tax reduction to total AIG shareholders equity of billion related to the sale of the majority interest in and deconsolidation of Fortitude Holdings in the second quarter of 2020. Upon closing of the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale, AIG entered into a transition services agreement with Fortitude Holdings for the provision of transition services for a period after closing, and letter of credit agreements with certain financial institutions, which issued letters of credit in support of certain General Insurance subsidiaries that have reinsurance agreements in place with Fortitude Re in the amount of million. At December 31, 2022, the letter of credit agreements were cancelled and the transition services provided by AIG are de minimis. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 145 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 1. Basis of Presentation 

million reported in Net gain (loss) on divestitures and other. In addition, AIGFP and its subsidiaries were determined to be an unconsolidated variable interest entity. 
 
 146 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

Income Taxes 
 
 months, reflecting the inception dates of the underlying policies throughout the year. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 147 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

years for buildings and years for furniture and fixtures). Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to income as incurred and expenditures for improvements are capitalized and depreciated. We periodically assess the carrying amount of our real estate for purposes of determining any asset impairment. Capitalized software costs, which represent costs directly related to obtaining, developing or upgrading internal use software, are capitalized and amortized using the straight-line method over a period generally not exceeding . 

148 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

billion and billion; consisting of a decrease in AOCI between approximately billion and billion, offset by an increase in Retained earnings between approximately million and billion. The net increase in Retained earnings resulted from (1) the reclassification of the cumulative effect of non-performance adjustments related to our products in our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement segments that are currently measured at fair value (e.g., living benefit guarantees associated with variable annuities), partially offset by (2) a reduction from the difference between the fair value and carrying value of benefits not currently measured at fair value (e.g., death benefit guarantees associated with variable annuities). The net decrease in AOCI resulted from (1) the reclassification of the cumulative effect of non-performance adjustments discussed above and (2) changes to the discount rate which will most significantly impact our Life Insurance and Institutional Markets segments, partially offset by (3) the removal of balances recorded in AOCI related to changes in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments. 
 The Company estimates that the after-tax impact to equity from the adoption of LDTI as of September 30,2022 is expected to result in an increase between approximately million and billion; consisting of an increase to Retained earnings between approximately billion and billion, and a decrease in AOCI between approximately million and million. This increase in the estimate since January 1, 2021 has been predominately driven by market movements. 
 Market risk benefits: The standard requires the measurement of all MRBs (e.g., living benefit and death benefit guarantees) associated with deposit (or account balance) contracts at fair value at each reporting period. Changes in fair value compared to prior periods will be recorded and presented separately within the income statement, except that instrument-specific credit risk changes (non-performance adjustments) will be recognized in other comprehensive income. MRBs will impact both retained earnings and AOCI upon transition. The transition adjustment for MRBs will primarily impact our Individual Retirement and Group Retirement segments. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 149 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

150 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

operating segments: 
 North America consists of insurance businesses in the United States, Canada and Bermuda, and our global reinsurance business, AIG Re. 
 International consists of regional insurance businesses in Japan, the United Kingdom, Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA region), Asia Pacific, Latin America and Caribbean, and China. International also includes the results of Talbot Holdings, Ltd. as well as AIG s Global Specialty business. 
 North America and International operating segments consist of the following products: 
 Commercial Lines consists of Property, Liability, Financial Lines, and Specialty. 
 Personal Insurance consists of Accident Health and Personal Lines. 
 LIFE AND RETIREMENT 
 Life and Retirement business is presented as operating segments: 
 Individual Retirement consists of fixed annuities, fixed index annuities, variable annuities and retail mutual funds. 
 Group Retirement consists of record-keeping, plan administrative and compliance services, financial planning and advisory solutions offered to employer-defined contribution plan participants, along with proprietary and non-proprietary annuities and advisory and brokerage products offered outside of plans. 
 Life Insurance primary products in the U.S. include term life and universal life insurance. International operations primarily include distribution of life and health products in the UK and Ireland. 
 Institutional Markets consists of stable value wrap products, structured settlement and pension risk transfer annuities, corporate- and bank-owned life insurance, high net worth products and guaranteed investment contracts (GICs). 
 OTHER OPERATIONS 
 Other Operations primarily consists of income from assets held by AIG Parent and other corporate subsidiaries, deferred tax assets related to tax attributes, corporate expenses and intercompany eliminations, our institutional asset management business and results of our consolidated investment entities, General Insurance portfolios in run-off as well as the historical results of our legacy insurance lines ceded to Fortitude Re. 
 SEGMENT RESULTS 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 151 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

(a) 
 International (a) 
 Net investment income Total General Insurance Life and Retirement Individual Retirement Group Retirement Life Insurance Institutional Markets Total Life and Retirement Other Operations Other Operations before consolidation and eliminations ) AIG consolidation and eliminations ) ) ) ) Total Other Operations ) Total Reconciling items: Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and DSI related to net realized gains (losses) ) Changes in the fair value of equity securities ) ) ) Other income (expense) - net ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Net investment income on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets ) ) Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative Net realized gains (losses) (b) 
 ) ) Net gain (loss) on divestitures and other ) Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements Favorable prior year development and related amortization changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge) Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to former employees ) Integration and transaction costs associated with acquiring or divesting businesses ) Restructuring and other costs ) Non-recurring costs related to regulatory or accounting changes ) Net impact from elimination of international reporting lag (c) 
 Revenues and pre-tax income (loss) 
 152 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

) (a) 
 International (a) 
 Net investment income Total General Insurance Life and Retirement Individual Retirement Group Retirement Life Insurance Institutional Markets Total Life and Retirement Other Operations Other Operations before consolidation and eliminations ) AIG consolidation and eliminations ) ) ) ) Total Other Operations ) Total Reconciling items: Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and DSI related to net realized gains (losses) ) Changes in the fair value of equity securities ) ) ) Other income (expense) - net ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Net investment income on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative ) ) Net realized gains (losses) (b) 
 ) ) Net gain (loss) on divestitures and other Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements ) Favorable prior year development and related amortization changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge) Pension expense related to a one-time lump sum payment to former employees ) Integration and transaction costs associated with acquiring or divesting businesses ) Restructuring and other costs ) Non-recurring costs related to regulatory or accounting changes ) Revenues and pre-tax income (loss) 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 153 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

) (a) 
 International (a) 
 Net investment income Total General Insurance Life and Retirement Individual Retirement Group Retirement Life Insurance Institutional Markets Total Life and Retirement Other Operations Other Operations before consolidation and eliminations ) AIG consolidation and eliminations ) ) ) ) Total Other Operations ) Total Reconciling items: Changes in fair value of securities used to hedge guaranteed living benefits Changes in benefit reserves and DAC, VOBA and DSI related to net realized gains (losses) ) Changes in the fair value of equity securities Other income (expense) - net Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Net investment income on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative ) ) Net realized gains (losses) (b) 
 ) ) ) ) Net gain (loss) on divestitures and other ) Non-operating litigation reserves and settlements Favorable prior year development and related amortization changes ceded under retroactive reinsurance agreements Net loss reserve discount benefit (charge) ) Integration and transaction costs associated with acquiring or divesting businesses ) Restructuring and other costs ) Non-recurring costs related to regulatory or accounting changes ) Revenues and pre-tax income (loss) ) 
 (a) General Insurance North America s and General Insurance International s Adjusted pre-tax income does not include Net investment income as the investment portfolio results are managed at the General Insurance level. Net investment income is shown separately as a component of General Insurance s total Adjusted pre-tax income results. 
 (b) Includes all net realized gains and losses except earned income (periodic settlements and changes in settlement accruals) on derivative instruments used for non-qualifying (economic) hedging or for asset replication and net realized gains and losses on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets held by AIG in support of Fortitude Re s reinsurance obligations to AIG (Fortitude Re funds withheld assets). 
 (c) See Note 1. 
 
 Life and Retirement Other Operations Total Assets 
 154 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 3. Segment Information 

International Consolidated 
 Revenues are generally reported according to the geographic location of the segment. International revenues consists of revenues from our General Insurance International operating segment. 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 155 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

156 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 157 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

158 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 159 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
 Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt RMBS CMBS CLO/ABS Total bonds available for sale 
 Other bond securities: 
 U.S. government and government sponsored entities Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt RMBS CMBS CLO/ABS Total other bond securities 
 Equity securities 
 Other invested assets (b) 
 Derivative assets (c) : 
 Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts 
 Commodity contracts 
 Credit contracts 
 Other contracts Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
 ) ) ) Total derivative assets 
 ) ) Short-term investments 
 Other assets (c) 
 Separate account assets 
 Total ) ) Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits Derivative liabilities (c) : 
 Interest rate contracts 
 Foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts 
 Credit contracts 
 Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
 ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities 
 ) ) Fortitude Re funds withheld payable 
 ) ) Other liabilities 
 Long-term debt 
 Total ) ) 
 160 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions 
 Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt RMBS CMBS CLO/ABS Total bonds available for sale 
 Other bond securities: 
 U.S. government and government sponsored entities Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt RMBS CMBS CLO/ABS Total other bond securities 
 Equity securities 
 Other invested assets (b) 
 Derivative assets (c) : 
 Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts 
 Commodity contracts Credit contracts 
 Other contracts Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
 ) ) ) Total derivative assets 
 ) ) Short-term investments 
 Other assets (c) 
 Separate account assets 
 Total ) ) Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits Derivative liabilities (c) : 
 Interest rate contracts 
 Foreign exchange contracts 
 Equity contracts 
 Credit contracts 
 Counterparty netting and cash collateral 
 ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities 
 ) ) Fortitude Re funds withheld payable 
 Long-term debt 
 Total ) ) 
 (a) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by qualifying master netting agreements. 
 (b) Excludes investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value (NAV) per share (or its equivalent), which totaled billion and billion as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (c) Presented as part of Other assets and Other liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 161 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

) ) ) ) Non-U.S. governments ) ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) CLO/ABS ) ) ) Total bonds available for sale ) ) ) Other bond securities: Corporate debt ) ) ) RMBS ) ) CMBS ) ) ) CLO/ABS ) ) ) ) Total other bond securities ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Other invested assets ) ) ) Other assets ) Total ) ) ) (in millions) Fair Value Beginning of Year Net Realized and Unrealized (Gains) Losses Included in Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Purchases, Sales, Issuances and Settlements, Net Gross Transfers In Gross Transfers Out Other Fair Value End of Year Changes in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Income on Instruments Held at End of Year Changes in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for Recurring Level 3 Instruments Held at End of Year Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits ) Derivative liabilities, net: Interest rate contracts ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Equity contracts ) ) ) ) ) Credit contracts ) ) ) Other contracts ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities, net (a) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) Fortitude Re funds withheld payable ) ) ) Other Liabilities Total ) ) ) ) 
 162 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

) ) ) ) Non-U.S. governments ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) ) CLO/ABS ) ) Total bonds available for sale ) ) ) Other bond securities: Corporate debt ) ) RMBS ) CMBS ) ) CLO/ABS ) Total other bond securities ) Equity securities ) ) Other invested assets ) ) Other assets Total ) ) ) ) (in millions) Fair Value Beginning of Year Net Realized and Unrealized (Gains) Losses Included in Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Purchases, Sales, Issuances and Settlements, Net Gross Transfers In Gross Transfers Out Other Fair Value End of Year Changes in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Income on Instruments Held at End of Year Changes in Unrealized Gains (Losses) Included in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for Recurring Level 3 Instruments Held at End of Year Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits ) ) Derivative liabilities, net: Interest rate contracts ) Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Equity contracts ) ) ) ) Credit contracts ) Other contracts ) ) ) Total derivative liabilities, net(a) ) ) ) ) Fortitude Re funds withheld payable ) Total ) ) ) 
 (a) Total Level 3 derivative exposures have been netted in these tables for presentation purposes only. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 163 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

) Other bond securities ) ) Equity securities ) ) Other invested assets ) December 31, 2021 Assets: Bonds available for sale ) Other bond securities Equity securities Other invested assets (in millions) Net Investment Income Net Realized (Gains) Losses Other Income Total December 31, 2022 Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits ) ) Derivative liabilities, net ) Fortitude Re funds withheld payable ) ) December 31, 2021 Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits ) ) Derivative liabilities, net ) ) ) Fortitude Re funds withheld payable 
 Primarily embedded derivatives. 
 
 164 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

) ) ) Non-U.S. governments ) ) Corporate debt ) ) ) RMBS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) CLO/ABS ) ) Total bonds available for sale ) ) Other bond securities: Corporate debt RMBS ) ) CMBS ) ) CLO/ABS ) ) ) Total other bond securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) Other invested assets ) ) Other assets ) ) Total ) ) Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits ) Derivative liabilities, net ) ) Fortitude Re funds withheld payable ) ) Other Liabilities Total ) ) ) December 31, 2021 Assets: Bonds available for sale: Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions ) ) ) Non-U.S. governments Corporate Debt ) ) RMBS ) ) ) CMBS ) ) CLO/ABS ) Total bonds available for sale ) ) Other bond securities: Corporate debt RMBS ) CMBS ) ) CLO/ABS ) ) ) Total other bond securities ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) Other invested assets ) ) Other assets Total ) ) ) Liabilities: 
 Policyholder contract deposits 
 ) Derivative liabilities, net ) ) Fortitude Re funds withheld payable ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 (a) There were issuances during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 165 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 
 
 million and million of net gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities transferred into Level 3 during 2022 and 2021, respectively, and includes ) million and million of net gains (losses) related to assets and liabilities transferred out of Level 3 during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

166 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

Discounted cash flow Yield - 
 Corporate debt Discounted cash flow Yield - 
 RMBS (a) 
 Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Constant default rate - 
 Yield - 
 CLO/ABS (a) 
 Discounted cash flow Yield - 
 CMBS Discounted cash flow Yield - 
 Liabilities (d) : 
 Embedded derivatives within Policyholder contract deposits: Variable annuity guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefits (GMWB) Discounted cash flow Equity volatility - 
 Base lapse rate - 
 Dynamic lapse multiplier - 
 Mortality multiplier (e) 
 - 
 Utilization - 
 Equity / interest rate correlation 
 - 
 NPA (f) 
 - 
 Fixed Index annuities including certain GMWB Discounted cash flow Base lapse rate - 
 Dynamic lapse multiplier - 
 Mortality multiplier (e) 
 - 
 Utilization (g) 
 - 
 Option budget - 
 Equity volatility - 
 NPA (f) 
 - 
 Indexed life Discounted cash flow Base lapse rate - 
 Mortality rate - 
 Equity volatility - 
 NPA (f) 
 - 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 167 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

Discounted cash flow Yield - 
 Corporate debt Discounted cash flow Yield - 
 RMBS (a) 
 Discounted cash flow Constant prepayment rate - 
 Loss severity - 
 Constant default rate - 
 Yield - 
 CLO/ABS (a) 
 Discounted cash flow Yield - 
 CMBS Discounted cash flow Yield - 
 Liabilities (d) : 
 Embedded derivatives within Policyholder contract deposits: GMWB Discounted cash flow Equity volatility - 
 Base lapse rate - 
 Dynamic lapse multiplier - 
 Mortality multiplier (e) 
 - 
 Utilization - 
 Equity / interest rate correlation - 
 NPA (f) 
 - 
 Fixed Index annuities including certain GMWB Discounted cash flow Base lapse rate - 
 Dynamic lapse multiplier - 
 Mortality multiplier (e) 
 - 
 Utilization (g) 
 - 
 Option budget - 
 Equity volatility - 
 NPA (f) 
 - 
 Indexed life Discounted cash flow Base lapse rate - 
 Mortality rate - 
 Equity volatility - 
 NPA (f) 
 - 
 
 (a) Information received from third-party valuation service providers. The ranges of the unobservable inputs for constant prepayment rate, loss severity and constant default rate relate to each of the individual underlying mortgage loans that comprise the entire portfolio of securities in the RMBS and CLO securitization vehicles and not necessarily to the securitization vehicle bonds (tranches) purchased by us. The ranges of these inputs do not directly correlate to changes in the fair values of the tranches purchased by us, because there are other factors relevant to the fair values of specific tranches owned by us including, but not limited to, purchase price, position in the waterfall, senior versus subordinated position and attachment points. 
 (b) Represents discount rates, estimates and assumptions that we believe would be used by market participants when valuing these assets and liabilities. 
 (c) The weighted averaging for fixed maturity securities is based on the estimated fair value of the securities. Because the valuation methodology for embedded derivatives within Policyholder contract deposits uses a range of inputs that vary at the contract level over the cash flow projection period, management believes that presenting a range, rather than weighted average, is a more meaningful representation of the unobservable inputs used in the valuation. 
 (d) The Fortitude Re funds withheld payable has been excluded from the above table. As discussed in Note 7, the Fortitude Re funds withheld payable is created through modco and funds withheld reinsurance arrangements where the investments supporting the reinsurance agreements are withheld by, and continue to reside on AIG s balance sheet. This embedded derivative is valued as a total return swap with reference to the fair value of the invested assets held by AIG. Accordingly, the unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation of the embedded derivative are a component of the invested assets supporting the reinsurance agreements that are held on AIG s balance sheet. 
 (e) Mortality inputs are shown as multipliers of the 2012 Individual Annuity Mortality Basic table. 
 (f) The non-performance risk adjustment (NPA) applied as a spread over risk-free curve for discounting. 
 (g) The partial withdrawal utilization unobservable input range shown applies only to policies with guaranteed minimum withdrawal benefit riders that are accounted for as an embedded derivative. The total embedded derivative liability at December 31, 2022 and 2021 was approximately billion and billion, respectively. The remaining guaranteed minimum riders on the fixed index annuities are valued under the accounting guidance for certain nontraditional long-duration contracts. 
 The ranges of reported inputs for Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions, Corporate debt, RMBS, CLO/ABS, and CMBS valued using a discounted cash flow technique consist of one standard deviation in either direction from the value weighted average. The preceding table does not give effect to our risk management practices that might offset risks inherent in these Level 3 assets and liabilities. 
 168 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 169 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

Real assets Investments in real estate properties, agricultural and infrastructure assets, including power plants and other energy producing assets Venture capital Early-stage, high-potential, growth companies expected to generate a return through an eventual realization event, such as an initial public offering or sale of the company Growth equity Funds that make investments in established companies for the purpose of growing their businesses Mezzanine Funds that make investments in the junior debt and equity securities of leveraged companies Other Includes distressed funds that invest in securities of companies that are in default or under bankruptcy protection, as well as funds that have multi- strategy, and other strategies Total private equity funds Hedge funds: Event-driven Securities of companies undergoing material structural changes, including mergers, acquisitions and other reorganizations Long-short Securities that the manager believes are undervalued, with corresponding short positions to hedge market risk Macro Investments that take long and short positions in financial instruments based on a top-down view of certain economic and capital market conditions Other Includes investments held in funds that are less liquid, as well as other strategies which allow for broader allocation between public and private investments Total hedge funds Total 
 Private equity fund investments included above are not redeemable, because distributions from the funds will be received when underlying investments of the funds are liquidated. Private equity funds are generally expected to have -year lives at their inception, but these lives may be extended at the fund manager s discretion, typically in or increments. 
 The hedge fund investments included above, which are carried at fair value, are generally redeemable subject to the redemption notices period. The majority of our hedge fund investments are redeemable monthly or quarterly. 
 170 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

) Alternative investments (b) 
 Liabilities: Long-term debt (c) 
 ) Total gain (loss) ) 
 (a) Includes certain securities supporting the funds withheld arrangements with Fortitude Re. For additional information regarding the gains and losses for Other bond securities, see Note 5. For additional information regarding the funds withheld arrangements with Fortitude Re, see Note 7. 
 (b) Includes certain hedge funds, private equity funds and other investment partnerships. 
 (c) Includes guaranteed investment agreements (GIAs), notes, bonds and mortgages payable. 

Includes GIAs, notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable. 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 171 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

Other assets Total December 31, 2021 Other investments Total 
 In addition to the assets presented in the table above, AIG had million of loans held for sale which are carried at fair value at December 31, 2022. There is no associated impairment charge. 

172 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 4. Fair Value Measurements 

Other invested assets Short-term investments Cash Other assets Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits associated with investment-type contracts Fortitude Re funds withheld payable Other liabilities Short-term and long-term debt Debt of consolidated investment entities Separate account liabilities - investment contracts December 31, 2021 Assets: Mortgage and other loans receivable Other invested assets Short-term investments Cash Other assets Liabilities: Policyholder contract deposits associated with investment-type contracts Fortitude Re funds withheld payable Other liabilities Short-term and long-term debt Debt of consolidated investment entities Separate account liabilities - investment contracts 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 173 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

174 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

) Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions ) Non-U.S. governments ) ) Corporate debt ) ) Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized: RMBS ) ) CMBS ) ) CLO/ABS ) Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized ) ) Total bonds available for sale (b) 
 ) ) December 31, 2021 Bonds available for sale: U.S. government and government sponsored entities ) Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions ) Non-U.S. governments ) Corporate debt ) ) Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized: RMBS ) ) CMBS ) CLO/ABS ) Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized ) ) Total bonds available for sale (b) 
 ) ) 
 (a) Represents the allowance for credit losses that has been recognized. Changes in the allowance for credit losses are recorded through Net realized gains (losses) and are not recognized in Other comprehensive income (loss). 
 (b) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of bonds available for sale held by us that were below investment grade or not rated totaled billion or percent and billion or percent, respectively. 
 
 Securities Available for Sale in a Loss Position for Which No Allowance for Credit Loss Has Been Recorded 
 Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt RMBS CMBS CLO/ABS Total bonds available for sale 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 175 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt RMBS CMBS CLO/ABS Total bonds available for sale 
 At December 31, 2022, we held individual fixed maturity securities that were in an unrealized loss position and for which no allowance for credit losses has been recorded (including individual fixed maturity securities that were in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or more). At December 31, 2021, we held individual fixed maturity securities that were in an unrealized loss position and for which no allowance for credit losses has been recorded (including individual fixed maturity securities that were in a continuous unrealized loss position for 12 months or more). We did not recognize the unrealized losses in earnings on these fixed maturity securities at December 31, 2022 because it was determined that such losses were due to non-credit factors. Additionally, we neither intend to sell the securities nor do we believe that it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis. For fixed maturity securities with significant declines, we performed fundamental credit analyses on a security-by-security basis, which included consideration of credit enhancements, liquidity position, expected defaults, industry and sector analysis, forecasts and available market data. 
 Contractual Maturities of Fixed Maturity Securities Available for Sale 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized Total 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because certain borrowers have the right to call or prepay certain obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 176 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

billion, billion and billion, respectively, which resulted in net realized gains (losses) of ) billion, million and billion, respectively. Included within the net realized gains (losses) are ) million, million and million of net realized gains (losses) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which relate to Fortitude Re funds withheld assets. These net realized gains (losses) are included in Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets. 

Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized: RMBS CMBS CLO/ABS and other collateralized Total mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized 
 Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities Total 
 
 Investment real estate (c) 
 All other investments (d) 
 Total 
 (a) At December 31, 2022, included hedge funds of billion, and private equity funds of billion. At December 31, 2021, included hedge funds of billion, and private equity funds of billion. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022, approximately percent of our hedge fund portfolio is available for redemption in 2023. The remaining percent will be available for redemption between 2024 and 2028. 
 (c) Represents values net of accumulated depreciation. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the accumulated depreciation was million and million, respectively. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 177 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

Summarized Financial Information of Equity Method Investees 
 Total expenses ) ) ) Net income At December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 Balance sheet: Total assets Total liabilities ) ) 
 The following table presents the carrying amount and ownership percentage of equity method investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 2022 2021 (in millions) Carrying Value Ownership Percentage Carrying Value Ownership Percentage Equity method investments Various Various 
 Summarized financial information for these equity method investees may be presented on a lag, due to the unavailability of information for the investees at our respective balance sheet dates, and is included for the periods in which we held an equity method ownership interest. 

178 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

Other fixed maturity securities (a) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Equity securities ) ) ) ) Interest on mortgage and other loans Alternative investments (b) 
 Real estate Other investments (c) 
 ) ) ) Total investment income Investment expenses Net investment income 
 (a) Included in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were income (loss) of ) million, ) million and million, respectively, related to fixed maturity securities measured at fair value that economically hedge liabilities described in (c) below. 
 (b) Included income from hedge funds, private equity funds and affordable housing partnerships. Hedge funds are recorded as of the balance sheet date. Private equity funds are generally reported on a one-quarter lag. 
 (c) Included in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were income (loss) of million, million and ) million, respectively, related to liabilities measured at fair value that are economically hedged with fixed maturity securities as described in (a) above. 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 179 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

) ) Intent to sell ) ) ) ) Change in allowance for credit losses on fixed maturity securities ) ) ) ) ) ) Change in allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange transactions ) ) ) ) Variable annuity embedded derivatives, net of related hedges ) ) All other derivatives and hedge accounting ) ) ) ) Sales of alternative investments and real estate investments Other ) ) Net realized gains (losses) excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative ) ) Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative ) ) ) ) Net realized gains (losses) ) ) ) 
 ) Other investments ) Total increase (decrease) in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) ) 
 The following table summarizes the unrealized gains and losses recognized in Net investment income during the reporting period on equity securities and other investments still held at the reporting date: ) Less: Net gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity securities and other investments sold during the period ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the reporting period on equity securities and other investments still held at the reporting date ) ) 
 180 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 181 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

Additions: Securities for which allowance for credit losses were not previously recorded Purchases of available for sale debt securities accounted for as purchased credit deteriorated assets Accretion of available for sale debt securities accounted for as purchased credit deteriorated assets Reductions: Securities sold during the period ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Addition to (release of) the allowance for credit losses on securities that had an allowance recorded in a previous period, for which there was no intent to sell before recovery of amortized cost basis ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Write-offs charged against the allowance ) ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Balance, end of year 
 The beginning balance incorporates the Day 1 gross up on PCD assets held as of January 1, 2020. 

We did not purchase securities with more than insignificant credit deterioration since their origination during the twelve-month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. During the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2020, we purchased certain securities which had more than insignificant credit deterioration since their origination. These PCD securities are held in the portfolio of bonds available for sale in their natural classes at December 31, 2020. 
 182 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

Allowance for expected credit losses at acquisition ) Purchase (discount) premium ) Purchase price 

At December 31, 2022 and 2021, amounts borrowed under repurchase and securities lending agreements totaled billion and billion, respectively. 
 Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt Total 
 December 31, 2021 Bonds available for sale: Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt Total 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 183 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

Non-U.S. governments Total 
 December 31, 2021 Bonds available for sale: Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions Non-U.S. governments Corporate debt Total 

At December 31, 2021, the carrying value of reverse repurchase agreements totaled billion. 
 We do not currently offset any secured financing transactions. All such transactions are collateralized and margined on a daily basis consistent with market standards and subject to enforceable master netting arrangements with rights of set off. 
 Insurance Statutory and Other Deposits 
 The total carrying value of cash and securities deposited by our insurance subsidiaries under requirements of regulatory authorities or other insurance-related arrangements, including certain annuity-related obligations and certain reinsurance contracts, was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Other Pledges and Restrictions 
 Certain of our subsidiaries are members of Federal Home Loan Banks (FHLBs) and such membership requires the members to own stock in these FHLBs. We owned an aggregate of million and million of stock in FHLBs at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, our subsidiaries have pledged securities available for sale and residential loans associated with borrowings and funding agreements from FHLBs, with a fair value of billion and billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and billion and billion, respectively, at December 31, 2021. 
 Certain GIAs have provisions that require collateral to be posted or payments to be made by us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings. The actual amount of collateral required to be posted to the counterparties in the event of such downgrades, and the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depend on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. The fair value of securities pledged as collateral with respect to these obligations was approximately million and billion, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. This collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 
 Investments held in escrow accounts or otherwise subject to restriction as to their use were million and million, comprised of bonds available for sale and short-term investments at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 184 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 5. Investments 

Residential mortgages Life insurance policy loans Commercial loans, other loans and notes receivable (b) 
 Total mortgage and other loans receivable (c) 
 Allowance for credit losses (c) (d) 
 ) ) Mortgage and other loans receivable, net (c) 
 
 (a) Commercial mortgages primarily represent loans for apartments, offices and retail properties, with exposures in New York and California representing the largest geographic concentrations (aggregating approximately percent and percent, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and percent and percent, respectively, at December 31, 2021). 
 (b) Includes loans held for sale which are carried at lower of cost or market and are collateralized primarily by apartments. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the net carrying value of these loans were million and million, respectively. 
 (c) In 2022, excludes billion loan receivable from AIGFP, which has a full allowance for credit losses, recognized upon the deconsolidation of AIGFP. For additional information, see Note 1. 
 (d) Does not include allowance for credit losses of million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, in relation to off-balance-sheet commitments to fund commercial mortgage loans, which is recorded in Other liabilities. 
 Interest income is not accrued when payment of contractual principal and interest is not expected. Any cash received on impaired loans is generally recorded as a reduction of the current carrying amount of the loan. Accrual of interest income is generally resumed when delinquent contractual principal and interest is repaid or when a portion of the delinquent contractual payments are made and the ongoing required contractual payments have been made for an appropriate period. As of December 31, 2022, million and million of residential mortgage loans and commercial mortgage loans, respectively, were placed on nonaccrual status. As of December 31, 2021, million and million of residential mortgage loans and commercial mortgage loans, respectively, were placed on nonaccrual status. 
 Accrued interest is presented separately and is included in Accrued investment income on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2022, accrued interest receivable was million and million associated with residential mortgage loans and commercial mortgage loans, respectively. As of December 31, 2021, accrued interest receivable was million and million associated with residential mortgage loans and commercial mortgage loans, respectively. 
 A significant majority of commercial mortgages in the portfolio are non-recourse loans and, accordingly, the only guarantees are for specific items that are exceptions to the non-recourse provisions. It is therefore extremely rare for us to have cause to enforce the provisions of a guarantee on a commercial real estate or mortgage loan. 
 Nonperforming loans are generally those loans where payment of contractual principal or interest is more than 90 days past due. Nonperforming loans were not significant for any of the periods presented. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 185 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Lending Activities 

1.00 - 1.20X 1.2X 1.00 - 1.20X of Loans Class Percent of Total (dollars in millions) Apartments Offices Retail Industrial Hotel Others Total December 31, 2022 Past Due Status: In good standing Restructured (a) 
 90 days or less delinquent >90 days delinquent or in process of foreclosure Total (b) 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 186 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Lending Activities 

Restructured (a) 
 90 days or less delinquent >90 days delinquent or in process of foreclosure Total (b) 
 Allowance for credit losses 
 (a) Loans that have been modified in troubled debt restructurings and are performing according to their restructured terms. For additional discussion of troubled debt restructurings, see Troubled Debt Restructurings. 
 (b) Does not reflect allowance for credit losses. 
 The following table presents credit quality performance indicators for residential mortgages by year of vintage: 
 December 31, 2022 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Prior Total (in millions) FICO : 780 and greater 720 - 779 660 - 719 600 - 659 Less than 600 Total residential mortgages December 31, 2021 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 Prior Total (in millions) FICO : 780 and greater 720 - 779 660 - 719 600 - 659 Less than 600 Total residential mortgages 
 Fair Isaac Corporation (FICO) is the credit quality indicator used to evaluate consumer credit risk for residential mortgage loan borrowers and have been updated within the last twelve months. 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 187 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 6. Lending Activities 

Initial allowance upon CECL adoption Loans charged off ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Net charge-offs ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Addition to (release of) allowance for loan losses ) ) ) ) Divestitures ) ) Allowance, end of year (b) 
 
 (a) Does not include allowance for credit losses of million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021 in relation to off-balance-sheet commitments to fund commercial mortgage loans, which is recorded in Other liabilities. 
 (b) In 2022, excludes billion loan receivable from AIGFP, which has a full allowance for credit losses, recognized upon the deconsolidation of AIGFP. For additional information, see Note 1. 
 Our expectations and models used to estimate the allowance for losses on commercial and residential mortgage loans are regularly updated to reflect the current economic environment. The full impact of COVID-19 on real estate valuations remains uncertain and we will continue to review our valuations as further information becomes available. 
 
 million and million, respectively, were modified in TDRs. 
 188 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 7. Reinsurance 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in the allowance for credit losses and disputes on reinsurance assets are reflected in Policyholder benefits and losses incurred within the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss).) ) ) ) Future policy benefits for life and accident and health insurance contracts ) ) ) ) Policyholder contract deposits ) ) ) ) Reserve for unearned premiums ) ) ) ) Other policyholder funds ) ) ) ) Reinsurance assets 
 
 Reinsurance assets excludes (i) allowance for credit losses and disputes of million and million (of which million and million pertains to CECL reserve for Liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, (ii) paid loss recoveries of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and (iii) policy and contract claims recoverable of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 189 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 7. Reinsurance 

Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net Premiums earned: Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, reinsurance recoveries, which reduced losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred, amounted to billion, billion and billion, respectively. 
 billion and billion, and the deferred gain liability was million and billion, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The effect on income from amortization of the deferred gain was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 In the first quarter of 2017, we entered into an adverse development reinsurance agreement with National Indemnity Company (NICO), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., under which we transferred to NICO percent of the reserve risk on substantially all of our U.S. Commercial long-tail exposures for accident years 2015 and prior. Under this agreement, we ceded to NICO percent of the losses on subject business paid on or after January 1, 2016 in excess of billion of net paid losses, up to an aggregate limit of billion. We account for this transaction as retroactive reinsurance. This transaction resulted in a gain, which under U.S. GAAP retroactive reinsurance accounting is deferred and amortized into income over the settlement period. NICO created a collateral trust account as security for their claim payment obligations to us, into which they deposited the consideration paid under the agreement, and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. has provided a parental guarantee to secure NICO s obligations under the agreement. 
 
 190 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 7. Reinsurance 

Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net Policy Fees Direct Assumed Ceded ) ) ) Net 
 Long-duration reinsurance recoveries, which reduced Policyholder benefits and losses incurred, was approximately billion, billion and billion for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively. 
 
 Long-duration insurance in-force assumed as a percentage of gross long-duration insurance in-force was percent, percent, and percent at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively; and premiums assumed represented percent, percent and percent of gross premiums for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 The U.S. Life and Retirement companies manage the capital impact of their statutory reserve requirements for certain whole life and universal life policies through unaffiliated and affiliated reinsurance transactions. An evaluation is performed to determine whether these reinsurance transactions meet the requirements of risk transfer under U.S. GAAP. If risk transfer requirements are not met, deposit accounting is used for these reinsurance transactions with a reinsurance risk charge recorded in income. Under one affiliated reinsurance arrangement, one of the U.S. Life and Retirement subsidiaries had one bilateral letter of credit currently in the amount of million, which was issued on May 9, 2022 and expires on February 7, 2026. As of May 12, 2022, this letter of credit is subject to reimbursement by Corebridge Parent in the event of a drawdown. 
 For additional information on the use of reinsurance, see Note 18. 
 
 billion of reserves from our Life and Retirement Run-Off Lines and approximately billion of reserves from our General Insurance Run-Off Lines related to business written by multiple wholly-owned AIG subsidiaries, had been ceded to Fortitude Re under these reinsurance transactions. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 191 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 7. Reinsurance 

Fair value through other comprehensive income (loss) Fixed maturity securities - fair value option Fair value through net investment income Commercial mortgage loans Amortized cost Real estate investments Amortized cost Private equity funds / hedge funds Fair value through net investment income Policy loans Amortized cost Short-term investments Fair value through net investment income Funds withheld investment assets Derivative assets, net (b) 
 Fair value through net realized gains (losses) Other (c) 
 Amortized cost Total 
 (a) The change in the net unrealized gains (losses) on available for sale securities related to the Fortitude Re funds withheld assets was ) billion ( billion after-tax) and ) billion ( billion after-tax), respectively for 2022 and 2021. 
 (b) The derivative assets and liabilities have been presented net of cash collateral. The derivative assets and liabilities supporting the Fortitude Re funds withheld arrangements had a fair market value of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2022. The derivative assets and liabilities supporting the Fortitude Re funds withheld arrangements had a fair market value of million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2021. These derivative assets and liabilities are fully collateralized either by cash or securities. 
 (c) Primarily comprised of Cash and Accrued investment income. 
 Net investment income - Fortitude Re funds withheld assets Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets: Net realized gains (losses) - Fortitude Re funds withheld assets ) Net realized gains (losses) - Fortitude Re embedded derivative ) ) Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax expense (benefit) ) Income tax expense (benefit) (a) 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other investments (a) 
 ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 (a) The income tax expense (benefit) and the tax impact in AOCI was computed using AIG s U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 percent. 
 Various assets supporting the Fortitude Re funds withheld arrangements are reported at amortized cost, and as such, changes in the fair value of these assets are not reflected in the financial statements. However, changes in the fair value of these assets are included in the embedded derivative in the Fortitude Re funds withheld arrangements and the appreciation of these assets is the primary driver of the comprehensive income (loss) reflected above. 
 
 percent of our total reinsurance assets were approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, of which approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was not secured by collateral. 
 192 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 7. Reinsurance 

The total reinsurance recoverables as of December 31, 2022 were billion. As of that date, utilizing AIG s ORRs, (i) approximately percent of the reinsurance recoverables were investment grade, of which percent related to General Insurance and percent related to Life and Retirement; (ii) approximately percent of the reinsurance recoverables were non-investment grade, the majority of which related to General Insurance; (iii) less than percent of the non-investment grade reinsurance recoverables related to Life and Retirement and (iv) approximately percent of the reinsurance recoverables related to entities that were not rated by AIG. 
 The total reinsurance recoverables as of December 31, 2021 were billion. As of that date, utilizing AIG s ORRs, (i) approximately percent of the reinsurance recoverables were investment grade, of which percent related to General Insurance and percent related to Life and Retirement; (ii) approximately percent of the reinsurance recoverables were non-investment grade, the majority of which related to General Insurance; (iii) less than percent of the non-investment grade reinsurance recoverables related to Life and Retirement and (iv) approximately percent of the reinsurance recoverables related to entities that were not rated by AIG. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately percent and percent, respectively, of our non-investment grade reinsurance exposure related to captive insurers. These arrangements are typically collateralized by letters of credit, funds withheld or trust agreements. 
 Reinsurance Recoverable Allowance 

Initial allowance upon CECL adoption Addition to (release of) allowance for expected credit losses and disputes, net ) ) ) ) Write-offs charged against the allowance for credit losses and disputes ) ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries of amounts previously written off Other changes Balance, end of year 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 193 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 7. Reinsurance 

billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Estimated gross profits are affected by a number of factors, including levels of current and expected interest rates, net investment income and spreads, net realized gains and losses, fees, surrender rates, mortality experience, policyholder behavior experience and equity market returns and volatility. In each reporting period, current period amortization expense is adjusted to reflect actual gross profits. If the assumptions used for estimating gross profit change significantly, DAC is recalculated using the new assumptions, including actuarial assumptions such as mortality, lapse, benefit utilization, and premium persistency, and any resulting adjustment is included in income. If the new assumptions indicate that future estimated gross profits are higher than previously estimated, DAC will be increased resulting in a decrease in amortization expense and increase in income in the current period; if future estimated gross profits are lower than previously estimated, DAC will be decreased resulting in an increase in amortization expense and decrease in income in the current 
 194 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 8. Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs 

million and million, respectively. 
 Acquisition costs deferred Amortization expense ) ) ) Change related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) Dispositions ) Other, including foreign exchange ) ) Balance, end of year (a) 
 
 (a) Net of cumulative additions (reductions) in DAC of billion, ) billion and ) billion at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to the effect of net unrealized gains and losses on available for sale securities. 
 million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 DAC, VOBA and DSI for insurance-oriented and investment-oriented products are reviewed for recoverability, which involves estimating the future profitability of current business. This review involves significant management judgment. If actual profitability is substantially lower than estimated, AIG s DAC, VOBA and DSI may be subject to an impairment charge and AIG s results of operations could be significantly affected in the period the impairment charge is recognized and in future periods. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 195 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 9. Variable Interest Entities 

BALANCE SHEET CLASSIFICATION AND EXPOSURE TO LOSS 
 Creditors or beneficial interest holders of VIEs for which AIG is the primary beneficiary generally have recourse only to the assets and cash flows of the VIEs and do not have recourse to AIG, except in limited circumstances when AIG has provided a guarantee to the VIE s interest holders. 
 Other bond securities Equity securities Mortgage and other loans receivable 
 Other invested assets Alternative investments (a) 
 Investment real estate Short-term investments Cash Accrued investment income Other assets 
 Total (b) 
 Liabilities: Debt of consolidated investment entities Other (c) 
 Total 
 196 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 9. Variable Interest Entities 

Other bond securities Equity securities Mortgage and other loans receivable Other invested assets Alternative investments (a) 
 Investment real estate Short-term investments Cash Accrued investment income Other assets Total (b) 
 Liabilities: Debt of consolidated investment entities Other (c) 
 Total 
 (a) Comprised primarily of investments in real estate joint ventures at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (b) The assets of each VIE can be used only to settle specific obligations of that VIE. 
 (c) Comprised primarily of Other liabilities at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (d) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, off-balance sheet exposure primarily consisting of our insurance companies commitments to real estate and investment entities were billion and billion, respectively, of which commitments to external parties were billion and billion, respectively. 
 We calculate our maximum exposure to loss to be (i) the amount invested in the debt or equity of the VIE, (ii) the notional amount of VIE assets or liabilities where we have also provided credit protection to the VIE with the VIE as the referenced obligation, and (iii) other commitments and guarantees to the VIE. 
 (c) 
 Other (e) 
 (d) 
 Total December 31, 2021 Real estate and investment entities (a) 
 (c) 
 Other (d) 
 Total 
 (a) Comprised primarily of hedge funds and private equity funds. 
 (b) At December 31, 2022 and 2021, billion and billion, respectively, of our total unconsolidated VIE assets were recorded as Other invested assets. 
 (c) These amounts represent our unfunded commitments to invest in private equity funds and hedge funds. 
 (d) These amounts represent our estimate of the maximum exposure to loss under certain insurance policies issued to VIEs if a hypothetical loss occurred to the extent of the full amount of the insured value. Our insurance policies cover defined risks and our estimate of liability is included in our insurance reserves on the balance sheet. 
 (e) At December 31, 2022, excludes approximately million of VIE assets related to AIGFP and its consolidated subsidiaries, with maximum off-balance sheet exposure to loss of million. For additional information, see Note 1. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 197 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 9. Variable Interest Entities 

million at December 31, 2022. Based on the nature of our investments and our passive involvement in these types of structures, we have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of these entities. We have not included these entities in the above tables; however, the fair values of our investments in these structures are reported in Notes 4 and 5. 
 Additionally from time to time, AIG participates in the design of certain VIEs which we do not consolidate. The notes issued by these VIEs are recognized at fair value and included in available for sale securities in our financial statements. As of December 31, 2022, the total VIE assets from these securitizations are billion, of which AIG s maximum exposure to loss is billion. 

For additional information on embedded derivatives, see Notes 4 and 13. 
 198 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 10. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 

Foreign exchange contracts Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: (a) 
 Interest rate contracts Foreign exchange contracts Equity contracts Commodity contracts Credit contracts (b) 
 Other contracts (c) 
 Total derivatives, gross Counterparty netting (d) 
 ) ) ) ) Cash collateral (e) 
 ) ) ) ) Total derivatives on Consolidated Balance Sheets (f) 
 
 (a) Fair value amounts are shown before the effects of counterparty netting adjustments and offsetting cash collateral. 
 (b) As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, included CDSs on super senior multi-sector CLOs with a net notional amount of million and million (fair value liability of million and million), respectively. The net notional amount represents the maximum exposure to loss on the portfolio. 
 (c) Consists primarily of stable value wraps and contracts with multiple underlying exposures. 
 (d) Represents netting of derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting agreement. 
 (e) Represents cash collateral posted and received that is eligible for netting. 
 (f) Freestanding derivatives only, excludes embedded derivatives. Derivative instrument assets and liabilities are recorded in Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively. Fair value of assets related to bifurcated embedded derivatives was billion at December 31, 2022 and at December 31, 2021. Fair value of liabilities related to bifurcated embedded derivatives was billion and billion, respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. A bifurcated embedded derivative is generally presented with the host contract in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Embedded derivatives are primarily related to guarantee features in variable annuity products, which include equity and interest rate components, and the funds withheld arrangement with Fortitude Re. For additional information, see Note 7. 
 COLLATERAL 
 We engage in derivative transactions that are not subject to a clearing requirement directly with unaffiliated third parties, in most cases, under International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) Master Agreements. Many of the ISDA Master Agreements also include Credit Support Annex provisions, which provide for collateral postings that may vary at various ratings and threshold levels. We attempt to reduce our risk with certain counterparties by entering into agreements that enable collateral to be obtained from a counterparty on an upfront or contingent basis. We minimize the risk that counterparties might be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and collateral value and generally requiring additional collateral to be posted upon the occurrence of certain events or circumstances. In addition, certain derivative transactions have provisions that require collateral to be posted by us upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings or give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction. In the case of some of the derivative transactions, upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings, as an alternative to posting collateral and subject to certain conditions, we may assign the transaction to an obligor with higher debt ratings or arrange for a substitute guarantee of our obligations by an obligor with higher debt ratings or take other similar action. The actual amount of collateral required to be posted to counterparties in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions and other factors prevailing at and after the time of the downgrade. 
 Collateral posted by us to third parties for derivative transactions was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the case of collateral posted under derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing, this collateral can generally be repledged or resold by the counterparties. Collateral provided to us from third parties for derivative transactions was billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In the case of collateral provided to us under derivative transactions that are not subject to clearing, we generally can repledge or resell collateral. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 199 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 10. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 

million, million and ) million, respectively, included in Change in foreign currency translation adjustments in Other comprehensive income (loss) related to the net investment hedge relationships. 
 A qualitative methodology is utilized to assess hedge effectiveness for net investment hedges, while regression analysis is employed for all other hedges.) Net investment income ) ) Foreign exchange contracts: Net realized gains/(losses) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Interest rate contracts: Interest credited to policyholder account balances ) ) Net investment income ) ) Foreign exchange contracts: Net realized gains/(losses) ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 Interest rate contracts: Interest credited to policyholder account balances ) Net investment income ) ) Foreign exchange contracts: Net realized gains/(losses) ) 
 (a) Gains and losses on derivative instruments designated and qualifying in fair value hedges that are included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 (b) Gains and losses on derivative instruments designated and qualifying in fair value hedges that are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognized in income on a mark-to-market basis. 
 200 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 10. Derivatives and Hedge Accounting 
 ) Foreign exchange contracts ) Equity contracts ) ) Commodity contracts ) ) Credit contracts ) ) Other contracts Embedded derivatives ) Total ) ) By Classification: Policy fees Net investment income - excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld assets ) Net investment income - Fortitude Re funds withheld assets ) Net realized gains (losses) - excluding Fortitude Re funds withheld assets ) Net realized gains (losses) on Fortitude Re funds withheld assets (a) 
 ) ) Policyholder benefits and claims incurred ) ) Total ) ) 
 (a) Includes over-the-counter derivatives supporting the funds withheld arrangements with Fortitude Re and the embedded derivative contained within the funds withheld payable with Fortitude Re. 
 CREDIT RISK-RELATED CONTINGENT FEATURES 
 We estimate that at December 31, 2022, based on our outstanding financial derivative transactions, a downgrade of our long-term senior debt ratings to BBB or BBB by Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC, a subsidiary of S P Global Inc., and/or a downgrade to Baa2 or Baa3 by Moody s Investors Service, Inc. would permit counterparties to make additional collateral calls and permit certain counterparties to elect early termination of contracts, resulting in corresponding collateral postings and termination payments in the total amount of up to approximately million. The aggregate fair value of our derivatives that were in a net liability position and that contain such credit risk-related contingencies which can be triggered below our long-term senior debt ratings of BBB+ or Baa1 was approximately million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The aggregate fair value of assets posted as collateral under these contracts at December 31, 2022 and 2021, was approximately million and million, respectively. 
 HYBRID SECURITIES WITH EMBEDDED CREDIT DERIVATIVES 
 We invest in hybrid securities (such as credit-linked notes) with the intent of generating income and not specifically to acquire exposure to embedded derivative risk. As is the case with our other investments in RMBS, CMBS, CLOs and ABS, our investments in these hybrid securities are exposed to losses only up to the amount of our initial investment in the hybrid security. Other than our initial investment in the hybrid securities, we have no further obligation to make payments on the embedded credit derivatives in the related hybrid securities. 
 We elect to account for our investments in these hybrid securities with embedded written credit derivatives at fair value, with changes in fair value recognized in Net investment income. Our investments in these hybrid securities are reported as Other bond securities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The fair values of these hybrid securities were under million and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These securities have par amounts of million and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and have remaining stated maturity dates that extend to 2052. The majority of these securities were sold in the fourth quarter of 2022 resulting in the decrease in fair value and par value. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 201 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 11. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

Accumulated impairments ) ) ) ) ) Net goodwill Increase (decrease) due to: Other ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021: Goodwill - gross Accumulated impairments ) ) ) ) ) Net goodwill Increase (decrease) due to: Other ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022: Goodwill - gross Accumulated impairments ) ) ) ) ) Net goodwill 
 
 202 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 11. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Our gross loss reserves before reinsurance and discount are net of contractual deductible recoverable amounts due from policyholders of approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These recoverable amounts are related to certain policies with high deductibles (in excess of high dollar amounts retained by the insured through self-insured retentions, deductibles, retrospective programs, or captive arrangements, each referred to generically as deductibles ), primarily for U.S. Commercial casualty business. With respect to the deductible portion of the claim, we manage and pay the entire claim on behalf of the insured and are reimbursed by the insured for the deductible portion of the claim. Thus, these recoverable amounts represent a credit exposure to us. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021 we held collateral of approximately billion for these deductible recoverable amounts, consisting primarily of letters of credit and funded trust agreements. Allowance for credit losses for the unsecured portion of these recoverable amounts was million at both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Reinsurance recoverable ) ) ) Initial allowance upon CECL adoption Net Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses, beginning of year Losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred: Current year Prior years, excluding discount and amortization of deferred gain ) ) ) Prior years, discount charge (benefit) ) ) Prior years, amortization of deferred gain on retroactive reinsurance (a) 
 ) ) ) Total losses and loss adjustment expenses incurred Losses and loss adjustment expenses paid: Current year ) ) ) Prior years ) ) ) Total losses and loss adjustment expenses paid ) ) ) Other changes: Foreign exchange effect ) ) Allowance for credit losses ) Retroactive reinsurance adjustment (net of discount) (b) 
 Fortitude sale (c) 
 ) Total other changes ) ) ) Liability for unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses, end of year: Net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses Reinsurance recoverable Total 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 203 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

million, million and million for the retroactive reinsurance agreement with NICO covering U.S. asbestos exposures for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (b) Includes benefit (charge) from change in discount on retroactive reinsurance in the amount of ) million, ) million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (c) On June 2, 2020, AIG completed the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale. Concurrent with the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale, AIG established a reinsurance recoverable. For additional information, see Note 1. 
 
 U.S. Excess Casualty U.S. Other Casualty U.S. Financial Lines U.S. Property and Special Risks U.S. Personal Insurance UK/Europe Casualty and Financial lines UK/Europe Property and Special Risks UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance Total Reconciling Items Discount on workers' compensation lines ) Other product lines Unallocated loss adjustment expenses Total Loss Reserves 
 Reinsurance recoverable for other product lines of billion resulted in a net liability for unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses of billion for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 204 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) U.S. Excess Casualty ) ) ) U.S. Other Casualty ) ) ) ) U.S. Financial Lines ) ) U.S. Property and Special Risks ) ) ) ) U.S. Personal Insurance ) ) ) ) UK/Europe Casualty and Financial lines UK/Europe Property and Special Risks ) ) ) UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance ) ) ) Other Operations Run-Off ) ) ) Other product lines ) ) ) Subtotal, adjusted pre-tax basis ) ) ) ) Remove impact of Retroactive Reinsurance Amortization of deferred gain at inception Prior year development ceded under the Asbestos LPT Prior year development ceded under the ADC ) Total, prior years, excluding discount and amortization of deferred gain ) 
 (a) Change in net ultimate loss and loss adjustment expenses excludes the portion of prior year development we have ceded under the Asbestos Loss Portfolio Transfer (LPT) and the ADC, both of which are provided by NICO and are considered retroactive reinsurance under U.S. GAAP. 
 (b) Reattribution of the ADC recovery takes place annually as we model the future payments on the subject reserves covered by the ADC to determine when the aggregate payments will exceed the attachment. ADC recoverables are then reallocated by line based on payments expected to be made after attachment point is exceeded. 
 During 2022, we recognized favorable prior year loss reserve development of million excluding discount and amortization of deferred gain. The development was primarily driven by: 
 Favorable development on U.S. Workers Compensation of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions due to continued favorable frequency and severity trends across most accident years particularly for excess and guaranteed cost US Workers Compensation segments; 
 Favorable development on U.S. Excess Casualty of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions, driven by lead and mid-excess Retail Excess Casualty; 
 Favorable development on U.S Other Casualty of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions, largely driven by favorable experience in Commercial Auto, General Liability and Construction Wraps; 
 Unfavorable development in U.S. Financial Lines of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions, due to higher severity trends particularly in Excess Primary D O and Excess Financial Institutions E O. This was partially offset by favorable development in EPLI; 
 Favorable development in U.S. Property and Special Risks of million driven by more favorable crop experience than anticipated; 
 Unfavorable development in UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines of million due to unfavorable experience in UK Financial Lines in M A, Commercial PI and Commercial D O as well as unfavorable Casualty experience due to large loss activity in the UK, European Excess Casualty, and French Auto experience; 
 Favorable development on UK/Europe Property and Special Risks of million driven by Global Specialty, primarily from accident years 2020 and 2021. This favorable experience was seen in each product line and in every region; 
 Favorable development on UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance of million driven by Japan Auto and A H business with additional favorable experience in UK and Europe; and 
 Favorable development of million in total on other product lines, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions, driven by runoff construction business and favorable results from our Canadian business across most products. 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 205 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

million excluding discount and amortization of deferred gain. The development was primarily driven by: 
 Favorable development on U.S. Workers Compensation of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions due to continued favorable frequency and severity trends seen across the diagonals for many subsets of U.S. Workers Compensation especially for recent accident years; 
 Favorable development in U.S. Personal Lines of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions, mainly due to favorable development and subrogation recoveries from the 2017 and 2018 catastrophe years; 
 Favorable development on UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance of million due to favorable loss trends in personal auto in Japan and Europe and accident and health in all three regions; 
 Favorable development on UK/Europe Property and Special Risks of million driven by favorable emergence across several Specialty classes; 
 Unfavorable development in U.S. Financial Lines of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions, due to adverse experience in D O, Cyber and EPLI. This includes adverse experience in Fiduciary from emergence of Excessive Fee claims and Cyber ransomware losses; 
 Unfavorable development on UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines of million driven by recognition of large loss activity in Financial PI in the UK and Commercial D O in Europe; and 
 Unfavorable development in U.S. Property and Special Risks of million driven largely by the impact of reductions in reinsurance recoveries driven by changes in catastrophe loss estimates. 
 During 2020, we recognized favorable prior year loss reserve development of million excluding discount and amortization of deferred gain. The development was primarily driven by: 
 Favorable development on U.S. Workers Compensation business of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions due to continued favorable frequency and severity trends seen across the diagonals for many subsets of U.S. Workers Compensation especially for recent accident years; 
 Favorable development on U.S. Excess Casualty of million driven by favorable emergence on the older years offset by higher severity claim emergence in recent accident years across various excess casualty classes. Auto liability deteriorated slightly in the more recent accident years; 
 Favorable development on U.S. Other Casualty of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions, largely driven by favorable development on extra-contractual obligations, environmental impairment business and loss sensitive casualty business; 
 Favorable development in U.S. Property and Special Risks of million driven largely by attritional property and favorable emergence on specialty losses coming in better than expected; 
 Unfavorable development in U.S. Financial Lines of million driven by loss severity emergence in recent accident years in our D O business especially National and Private and Not For Profit segments, adverse loss emergence and loss trends in EPLI and adverse claim activity in E O (including Architects and Engineers), Cyber and Mergers and Acquisitions segments; 
 Unfavorable development in U.S. Personal Lines of million, net of external reinsurance but before ADC cessions, mainly due to large losses in Homeowners and Umbrella; 
 Unfavorable development on UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines of million driven by Financial Lines in the UK and Europe and Excess Casualty in Europe as we continue to see increased severity of large losses in these classes; 
 Favorable development on UK/Europe Property and Special Risks of million driven by favorable emergence across several Specialty classes; and 
 Favorable development on UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance of million due to favorable frequency and severity trends. 
 Our analyses and conclusions about prior year reserves also help inform our judgments about the current accident year loss and loss adjustment expense ratios we selected. 
 
 206 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 207 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

208 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

) ) 2014 ) ) ) 2015 ) ) ) 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 ) 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance ) ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance (including impact of ADC) 
 Calendar Years Ended December 31, (in millions) Accident Year 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Prior Year Development Unaudited 2013 2014 2015 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 ) 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year adjustment ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 209 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 2014 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2015 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Paid Impact 
 of ADC 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 ) 2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) 
 210 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

) ) ) 2014 ) ) ) 2015 ) ) ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance ) ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance (including impact of ADC) 
 Calendar Years Ended December 31, (in millions) Accident Year 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Prior Year Development Unaudited 2013 ) 2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year adjustment Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 211 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 2014 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2015 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Paid Impact 
 of ADC 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 ) 2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) 
 212 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

) ) ) 2014 ) ) 2015 ) ) ) 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance (including impact of ADC) 
 Calendar Years Ended December 31, (in millions) Accident Year 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Prior Year Development Unaudited 2013 2014 ) 2015 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year adjustment Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 213 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 2014 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2015 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Paid Impact 
 of ADC 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 ) 2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) 
 214 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

) ) 2014 ) ) ) 2015 ) ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 ) 2022 Total ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance ) ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance (including impact of ADC) 
 Calendar Years Ended December 31, (in millions) Accident Year 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Prior Year Development Unaudited 2013 ) 2014 ) 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 ) 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year adjustment Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 215 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2014 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2015 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Paid Impact 
 of ADC 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 ) 2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) 
 216 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

) ) 2014 ) ) ) 2015 ) ) 2016 2017 2018 ) 2019 2020 2021 ) 2022 Total ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance (including impact of ADC) 
 Calendar Years Ended December 31, (in millions) Accident Year 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Prior Year Development Unaudited 2013 2014 ) 2015 2016 2017 2018 ) 2019 2020 2021 ) 2022 Total ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year adjustment ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 217 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2014 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2015 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Paid Impact 
 of ADC 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 ) 2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) 
 218 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

) 2014 ) 2015 ) ) 2016 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 ) 2020 2021 2022 Total ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance ) ) ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Incurred Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses, Undiscounted, Net of Reinsurance (including impact of ADC) 
 Calendar Years Ended December 31, (in millions) Accident Year 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Prior Year Development Unaudited 2013 2014 2015 ) 2016 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 ) 2020 2021 2022 Total ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year adjustment Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 219 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 2014 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2015 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below Liabilities for losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) ) 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Paid Impact 
 of ADC 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 ) 2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total ) 
 220 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

2014 2015 2016 ) 2017 2018 2019 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance 
 The losses reported in the table are not covered by the ADC. 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 The losses reported in the table are not covered by the ADC. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 221 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

) 2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 ) 2019 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance ) Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 The losses reported in the table are not covered by the ADC. 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 The losses reported in the table are not covered by the ADC. 
 
 222 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

2014 ) 2015 ) 2016 ) 2017 ) 2018 2019 ) 2020 ) 2021 ) 2022 Total ) Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance from the table below ) Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year development before accident year 2013, net of reinsurance Unallocated loss adjustment expense prior year development Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses and prior year loss development, net of reinsurance ) 
 The losses reported in the table are not covered by the ADC. 
 Cumulative Paid Losses and Allocated Loss Adjustment Expenses, Net of Reinsurance 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 
 Accident Year 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Unaudited 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Total 
 The losses reported in the table are not covered by the ADC. 
 
 U.S. Excess casualty U.S. Other casualty U.S. Financial Lines U.S. Property and Special Risks U.S. Personal Insurance ) UK/Europe Casualty and Financial Lines UK/Europe Property and Special Risks UK/Europe and Japan Personal Insurance 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 223 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

billion and million, respectively, including tabular and non-tabular calculations based upon the following assumptions: 
 The non-tabular workers compensation discount is calculated separately for companies domiciled in New York, Pennsylvania and Delaware, and follows the statutory regulations (prescribed or permitted) for each state. 
 For New York companies, the discount is based on a percent interest rate and the companies own payout patterns. 
 The Pennsylvania and Delaware regulators approved use of a consistent benchmark discount rate and spread (U.S. Treasury rate plus a liquidity premium) to all of our workers compensation reserves in our Pennsylvania domiciled and Delaware domiciled companies, as well as our use of updated payout patterns specific to our primary and excess workers compensation portfolios. In 2020, the regulators also approved that the discount rate will be updated on an annual basis. 
 The tabular workers compensation discount is calculated based on the mortality rate used in the 2007 U.S. Life table and interest rates prescribed or permitted by each state (i.e. New York is based on percent interest rate and Pennsylvania and Delaware are based on U.S. Treasury rate plus a liquidity premium). In the case that applying this tabular discount factor to our nominal reserves produces a tabular discount that is greater than the indemnity portion of our case reserves, the tabular discount is capped at our estimate of the indemnity portion of our cases reserves percent). 
 The discount for asbestos reserves has been fully accreted. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the discount consists of million and million of tabular discount, respectively, and million and million of non-tabular discount for workers compensation, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the benefit / (charge) from changes in discount of million, million and ) million, respectively, were recorded as part of the policyholder benefits and losses incurred in the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss). 
 Retroactive reinsurance ) ) Total reserve discount (a)(b) 
 
 (a) Excludes million and million of discount related to certain long-tail liabilities in the UK at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million and million, which was percent ceded to Fortitude Re at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Accretion and other adjustments to prior year discount ) ) ) Effect of interest rate changes ) Net reserve discount benefit (charge) ) Change in discount on loss reserves ceded under retroactive reinsurance ) ) Net change in total reserve discount ) 
 Excludes million, ) million and ) million of discount related to certain long-tail liabilities in the UK for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 During 2022, effective interest rates increased due to an increase in the forward yield curve component of the discount rates reflecting an increase in U.S. Treasury rates along with changes in payout pattern assumptions. 
 During 2021, effective interest rates increased due to an increase in the forward yield curve component of the discount rates reflecting an increase in U.S. Treasury rates along with changes in payout pattern assumptions. 
 During 2020, effective interest rates declined due to a decrease in the forward yield curve component of the discount rates reflecting a decline in U.S. Treasury rates along with changes in payout pattern assumptions. 
 
 224 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

million, million and million related to the adverse development reinsurance cover with NICO for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 Amounts recognized reflect the amortization of the initial deferred gain at inception, as amended for subsequent changes in the deferred gain due to changes in subject reserves. 
 
 For additional information on guaranteed minimum death benefits, see Note 13. 
 Incurred guaranteed benefits Paid guaranteed benefits ) ) ) Changes related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Incurred guaranteed benefits include the portion of assessments established as additions to reserves as well as changes in estimates (assumption unlockings) affecting these reserves. 
 Net amount at risk Average attained age of contract holders 
 The liability for future policy benefits has been established including assumptions for interest rates which vary by year of issuance and product, and range from approximately percent to percent. Mortality and surrender rate assumptions are generally based on actual experience when the liability is established. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 225 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 12. Insurance Liabilities 

to percent at December 31, 2022, less withdrawals and assessed fees). Deposits collected on investment-oriented products are not reflected as revenues, because they are recorded directly to Policyholder contract deposits upon receipt. Amounts assessed against the policyholders for mortality, administrative, and other services are included in revenues. 
 In addition to liabilities for universal life, fixed annuities, fixed options within variable annuities, annuities without life contingencies, funding agreements and GICs, policyholder contract deposits also include our liability for (a) indexed and variable features accounted for as embedded derivatives at fair value, and (b) annuities issued in a structured settlement arrangement with no life contingency. 
 For additional information on guaranteed benefits accounted for as embedded derivatives, see Note 13. 
 Under a funding agreement-backed notes issuance program, an unaffiliated, non-consolidated statutory trust issues medium-term notes to investors, which are secured by funding agreements issued to the trust by one of our Life and Retirement companies through our Institutional Markets business. 
 Group Retirement Life Insurance Institutional Markets Fortitude Re Total Policyholder contract deposits 
 
 percent of gross insurance in force at December 31, 2022 and percent of gross domestic premiums and other considerations in 2022. The amount of annual dividends to be paid is approved by the boards of directors of the Life and Retirement companies. Provisions for future dividend payments are computed by jurisdiction, reflecting local regulations. The portions of current and prior net income and of current unrealized appreciation of investments that can inure to our benefit are restricted in some cases by the insurance contracts and by the insurance regulations of the jurisdictions in which the policies are in force. 
 Certain products are subject to experience adjustments. These include group life and group medical products, credit life contracts, accident and health insurance contracts/riders attached to life policies and, to a limited extent, reinsurance agreements with other direct insurers. Ultimate premiums from these contracts are estimated and recognized as revenue with the unearned portions of the premiums recorded as liabilities in Other policyholder funds. Experience adjustments vary according to the type of contract and the territory in which the policy is in force and are subject to local regulatory guidance. 
 226 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 13. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 

Variable annuity contracts may include certain contractually guaranteed benefits to the contract holder. These guaranteed features include GMDB that are payable in the event of death, and living benefits that are payable in the event of annuitization, or, in other instances, at specified dates during the accumulation period. Living benefits primarily include GMWB. A variable annuity contract may include more than one type of guaranteed benefit feature; for example, it may have both a GMDB and a GMWB. However, a policyholder can only receive payout from one guaranteed feature on a contract containing a death benefit and a living benefit, i.e. the features are mutually exclusive (except a surviving spouse who has a rider to potentially collect both a GMDB upon their spouse s death and a GMWB during their lifetime). A policyholder cannot purchase more than one living benefit on one contract. The net amount at risk for each feature is calculated irrespective of the existence of other features; as a result, the net amount at risk for each feature is not additive to that of other features. 
 Bond funds Balanced funds Money market funds Total 
 GMDB 
 Depending on the contract, the GMDB feature may provide a death benefit of either (a) total deposits made to the contract less any partial withdrawals plus a minimum return (and in rare instances, no minimum return) or (b) the highest contract value attained, typically on any anniversary date minus any subsequent withdrawals following the contract anniversary. GMDB is our most widely offered benefit. 
 The liability for GMDB, which is recorded in Future policy benefits, represents the expected value of benefits in excess of the projected account value, with the excess recognized ratably over the accumulation period based on total expected assessments, through Policyholder benefits and losses incurred. The net amount at risk for GMDB represents the amount of benefits in excess of account value if death claims were filed on all contracts on the balance sheet date. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 227 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 13. Variable Life and Annuity Contracts 

Net amount at risk Average attained age of contract holders by product Range of guaranteed minimum return rates 

The following summarizes GMDB liability related to variable annuity contracts: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Balance, beginning of year Reserve increase (decrease) Benefits paid ) ) ) Changes in reserves related to unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) ) Balance, end of year 
 Assumptions used to determine the GMDB liability include interest rates, which vary by year of issuance and products; mortality rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy form; lapse rates, which are based upon actual experience modified to allow for variations in policy form; investment returns, based on stochastically generated scenarios; and asset growth assumptions, which include a reversion to the mean methodology, similar to that applied for DAC. We regularly evaluate estimates used to determine the GMDB liability and adjust the additional liability balance, with a related charge or credit to Policyholder benefits and losses incurred, if actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised. 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 For information regarding the fair value measurement of guaranteed benefits that are accounted for as embedded derivatives, see Note 4. 
 We had account values subject to GMWB that totaled billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The net amount at risk for GMWB represents the present value of minimum guaranteed withdrawal payments, in accordance with contract terms, in excess of account value, assuming no lapses. The net amount at risk related to the GMWB guarantees was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We use derivative instruments and other financial instruments to mitigate a portion of our exposure that arises from GMWB benefits. 
 228 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 14. Debt 

- 
 2023 - 2055 
 Junior subordinated debt - 
 2037 - 2058 
 AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha - 
 2023 - 2025 
 Validus notes and bonds payable 
 2040 
 Total AIG general borrowings AIG borrowings supported by assets (a) : 
 AIG notes and bonds payable - 
 2023 - 2026 
 Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable - 
 2046 
 GIAs, at fair value - 
 2035 - 2037 
 Notes and bonds payable, at fair value Total AIG borrowings supported by assets Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG Corebridge debt: AIGLH notes and bonds payable (b) 
 - 
 2025 - 2029 
 AIGLH junior subordinated debt (b) 
 - 
 2030 - 2046 
 Corebridge senior unsecured notes - not guaranteed by AIG - 
 2025 - 2052 
 Corebridge junior subordinated debt - not guaranteed by AIG 
 2052 
 DDTL facility - not guaranteed by AIG - 
 2023 
 Total Corebridge debt Other subsidiaries' notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable - not guaranteed by AIG - 
 2023 - 2024 
 Total Short-term and long-term debt Debt of consolidated investment entities - not guaranteed by AIG (c) 
 - 
 2023 - 2051 
 Total debt 
 (a) AIG Parent guarantees all such debt, except for Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable and AIG notes and bonds payable, which are direct obligations of AIG Parent. Collateral posted to third parties was million at December 31, 2022 and billion at December 31, 2021. This collateral primarily consists of securities of the U.S. government and government sponsored entities and generally cannot be repledged or resold by the counterparties. 
 (b) We have entered into a guarantee reimbursement agreement with Corebridge and AIG Life Holdings, Inc. (AIGLH) which provides that Corebridge and AIGLH will reimburse AIG for the full amount of any payment made by or on behalf of AIG pursuant to AIG s guarantee of the AIGLH notes and junior subordinated debt. We have also entered into a collateral agreement with Corebridge and AIGLH which provides that in the event of: (i) a ratings downgrade of Corebridge or AIGLH long-term unsecured indebtedness below specified levels or (ii) the failure by AIGLH to pay principal and interest on the AIGLH debt when due, Corebridge and AIGLH must collateralize an amount equal to the sum of: (i) 100 percent of the principal amount outstanding, (ii) accrued and unpaid interest and (iii) 100 percent of the net present value of scheduled interest payments. through the maturity dates of the AIGLH debt. 
 (c) At December 31, 2022, includes debt of consolidated investment entities primarily related to real estate investments of billion and other securitization vehicles of billion. At December 31, 2021, includes debt of consolidated investment entities related to real estate investments of billion and other securitization vehicles of billion. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 229 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 14. Debt 

Junior subordinated debt AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha Validus notes and bonds payable Total AIG general borrowings AIG borrowings supported by assets: AIG notes and bonds payable Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable GIAs, at fair value Total AIG borrowings supported by assets Total debt issued or guaranteed by AIG Corebridge debt: AIGLH notes and bonds payable AIGLH junior subordinated debt Corebridge senior unsecured notes Corebridge junior subordinated debt DDTL facility (a) 
 Total Corebridge debt Other subsidiaries notes, bonds, loans and mortgages payable Total (b) 
 
 (a) Corebridge continued this borrowing through June 21, 2023. Corebridge has the ability to further continue this borrowing through February 25, 2025. 
 (b) Does not reflect billion of notes issued by consolidated investment entities, for which recourse is limited to the assets of the respective investment entities and for which there is no recourse to the general credit of AIG. 
 
 million of percent junior subordinated debentures due July 2030, million of percent junior subordinated debentures due March 2046 and million of percent junior subordinated debentures due December 2045, each guaranteed by AIG Parent. 
 DEBT ISSUANCE 
 On April 5, 2022, Corebridge issued billion of senior unsecured notes consisting of billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2025, billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2027, billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2029, billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2032, million aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2042 and billion aggregate principal amount of its Senior Notes due 2052. 
 On August 23, 2022, Corebridge issued billion aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Fixed Reset Rate Junior Subordinated Notes due 2052. Subject to certain redemption provisions and other terms of the hybrid junior subordinated notes, the interest rate and interest payment date reset every five years based on the average of the yields on five year U.S. Treasury securities, as of the most recent interest rate determination on a reset plus a spread, payable semi-annually. 
 230 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 14. Debt 

billion aggregate principal amount of certain notes and debentures issued or guaranteed by AIG, for an aggregate purchase price of billion, resulting in a total loss on extinguishment of debt of billion. This includes the following: 
 redeemed million aggregate principal amount of our Notes due 2023 for a redemption price of percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 repurchased, through cash tender offers, approximately billion aggregate principal amount of certain notes and debentures issued or guaranteed by AIG for an aggregate purchase price of approximately billion. 
 redeemed million aggregate principal amount of our Notes Due 2026 for a redemption price of percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest; 
 redeemed approximately million aggregate principal amount of our Notes Due 2025 for a redemption price of percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest; 
 redeemed million aggregate principal amount of our Notes Due 2025 for a redemption price of percent of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 
 billion without any limits on the type of borrowings and is scheduled to expire in November 2026. Under circumstances described in the credit agreement, the aggregate commitments may be increased by up to million, for a total commitment of up to billion. As of December 31, 2022, a total of billion remained available under the Facility. 
 Corebridge maintains a revolving syndicated credit facility (the Corebridge Facility) with aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide unsecured revolving loans and/or standby letters of credit of up to billion without any limits on the type of borrowings. The Corebridge Facility is scheduled to expire in May 2027. As of December 31, 2022, a total of billion remained available under the Corebridge Facility. 
 Corebridge also maintains a -Year Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement (the DDTL Facility) with aggregate commitments by the bank syndicate to provide Corebridge with delayed draw term loans of up to billion, with no recourse to AIG Parent. On September 15, 2022, Corebridge borrowed billion under the DDTL Facility, a portion of which was used to repay the remaining amount due to AIG Parent under the Intercompany Note. The DDTL Facility is scheduled to expire in February 2025. 
 We also maintain revolving credit facilities that can be utilized exclusively by certain consolidated investment entities to acquire assets related to securitizations. Draws under those credit facilities cannot be utilized for general corporate purposes. Prior to the pricing of the related securitizations, these credit facilities have combined limits of up to million. Subsequent to pricing of the related securitizations, the combined limits are expected to increase to up to approximately billion. As of December 31, 2022, we have drawn million under the credit facilities. These credit facilities have maturity dates ranging from to . 
 We also maintain revolving credit facilities that can exclusively be utilized by certain consolidated investment entities to acquire real estate assets. Draws under those credit facilities cannot be utilized for general corporate purposes. These credit facilities have consolidated limits of up to million. As of December 31, 2022, we have drawn million, under the credit facilities. Each of these credit facilities have maturity dates ranging from to . 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 231 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 15. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

million policy issued to Plaintiff s husband do not lapse despite nonpayment of premiums if the insurer has not complied with the Act s terms. On August 30, 2021, the California Supreme Court issued an opinion in McHugh v. Protective Life Insurance, 12 Cal. 5th 213 (2021), ruling that the Act applies to all policies in force on January 1, 2013, regardless of when the policies were issued. On February 7, 2022, Plaintiff filed motions for summary judgment and class certification; AGL opposed both motions and filed its own motion for partial summary judgment. On July 26, 2022, the District Court granted in part and denied in part AGL s motion for partial summary judgment, and on September 7, 2022, the District Court denied Plaintiff's motion for summary judgment. In the summary judgment decisions, the District Court declined to adopt Plaintiff's theory that a failure to comply with the Act necessitates payment of policy benefits or to make a pre-trial determination as to AGL s liability. On September 27, 2022, the District Court denied Plaintiff s motion for class certification without prejudice. The District Court declined to certify Plaintiff's proposed class consisting of claims for monetary damages and equitable relief, but indicated 
 232 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 15. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

billion and million, respectively, at December 31, 2022, and billion and billion, respectively, at December 31, 2021. We made cash payments of million and million in 2022 and 2021, respectively, in connection with these leases. The liability includes non-lease components, such as property taxes and insurance for our gross leases. Some of these leases contain options to renew after a specified period of time at the prevailing market rate; however, renewal options that have not been exercised as of December 31, 2022 are excluded until management attains a reasonable level of certainty. Some leases also include termination options at specified times and term; however, termination options are not reflected in the lease asset and liability balances until they have been exercised. 
 The weighted average discount rate and lease term assumptions used in determining the liability are percent and years, respectively. The primary assumption used to determine the discount rate is the cost of funding for the Company, which is based on the secured borrowing rate for terms similar to the lease term, and for the major financial markets in which AIG operates. 
 Rent expense was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Remaining years after 2027 Total undiscounted lease payments Less: Present value adjustment Net lease liabilities 
 
 billion and billion at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 GUARANTEES 
 Subsidiaries 
 We have issued unconditional guarantees with respect to the prompt payment, when due, of all present and future payment obligations and liabilities of AIGFP and certain of its subsidiaries. We have also issued guarantees of all present and future payment obligations and liabilities of AIG Markets, Inc. 
 Upon the deconsolidation of AIGFP and its subsidiaries, we recognized a million guarantee related to the obligations of AIGFP and certain of its subsidiaries, which is reported in Other liabilities. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 233 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 15. Contingencies, Commitments and Guarantees 

shares of Series A Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock (Series A Preferred Stock) (equivalent to Depositary Shares, each representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of Series A Preferred Stock), par value and liquidation preference per share (equivalent to per Depositary Share). After underwriting discounts and expenses, we received net proceeds of approximately million. 
 
 days after the occurrence of a Rating Agency Event, (as defined in our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation), at a redemption price equal to per share of the Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have been declared but not paid prior to the redemption date (but no amount due in respect of any dividends that have not been declared prior to such date), or (b) (i) in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2024, within days after the occurrence of a Regulatory Capital Event, or (ii) in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after March 15, 2024, in each case, at a redemption price equal to per share of the Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have been declared but not paid prior to the redemption date (but no amount due in respect of any dividends that have not been declared prior to such date). 
 Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive dividend payments only when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board). Dividends will be payable from the original date of issue at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly, in arrears, on the fifteenth day of March, June, September and December of each year, beginning on June 15, 2019. Dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock will be non-cumulative. 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the affairs of AIG, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any distribution or payment out of our assets may be made to or set aside for the holders of any junior stock, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders, an amount equal to per share of Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25.00 per Depositary Share), together with an amount equal to all declared and unpaid dividends (if any), but no amount in respect of any undeclared dividends prior to such payment date. Distributions will be made only to the extent of our assets that are available for distribution to stockholders (i.e., after satisfaction of all our liabilities to creditors, if any). 
 The Series A Preferred Stock does not have voting rights, except in limited circumstances, including in the case of certain dividend non-payments. 
 234 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 16. Equity 

) ) ) Shares issued Shares repurchased ) ) ) ) ) ) Shares, end of year ) ) ) 
 Dividends 
 Dividends are payable on AIG Common Stock only when, as and if declared by our Board of Directors in its discretion, from funds legally available for this purpose. In considering whether to pay a dividend on or purchase shares of AIG Common Stock, our Board of Directors considers a number of factors, including, but not limited to: the capital resources available to support our insurance operations and business strategies, AIG s funding capacity and capital resources in comparison to internal benchmarks, expectations for capital generation, rating agency expectations for capital, regulatory standards for capital and capital distributions, and such other factors as our Board of Directors may deem relevant. The payment of dividends is also subject to the terms of AIG s outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, pursuant to which no dividends may be declared or paid on any AIG Common Stock unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or provided for. 
 
 billion of AIG Common Stock (inclusive of the approximately billion of expected remaining authorization upon expiration of the then-current 10b5-1 Plan as of May 20, 2022). 
 The timing of any future repurchases will depend on market conditions, our business and strategic plans, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and other factors. The repurchase of AIG Common Stock is also subject to the terms of AIG s outstanding Series A Preferred Stock, pursuant to which AIG may not (other than in limited circumstances) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire AIG Common Stock unless the full dividends for the latest completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series A Preferred Stock have been declared and paid or provided for. 
 
 per share, payable on March 31, 2023 to shareholders of record on March 17, 2023. On February 15, 2023, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend on AIG s Series A Preferred Stock of per share, payable on March 15, 2023 to holders of record on February 28, 2023. 
 ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

) ) Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) Change in deferred policy acquisition costs adjustment and other ) ) Change in future policy benefits Change in foreign currency translation adjustments Change in net actuarial loss ) ) Change in prior service cost ) ) Change in deferred tax asset (liability) ) ) ) Change in fair value of liabilities under fair value option attributable to changes in own credit risk Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 235 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 16. Equity 

) ) Balance, December 31, 2020, net of tax ) ) ) Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ) ) Change in deferred policy acquisition costs adjustment and other ) Change in future policy benefits Change in foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in net actuarial loss Change in prior service cost Change in deferred tax asset (liability) ) ) ) Change in fair value of liabilities under fair value option attributable to changes in own credit risk ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) Other changes in AOCI: Corebridge noncontrolling interests sale 
 ) ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021, net of tax ) ) ) Change in unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments 
 ) ) ) Change in deferred policy acquisition costs adjustment and other Change in future policy benefits Change in foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Change in net actuarial loss ) ) Change in prior service cost Change in deferred tax asset (liability) ) Change in fair value of liabilities under fair value option attributable to changes in own credit risk ) ) Total other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) ) ) Other changes in AOCI: Corebridge noncontrolling interests sale 
 ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022, net of tax ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustments included in net income ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), before of income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) ) ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) ) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Unrealized change arising during period ) ) ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustments included in net income ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), before income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 236 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 16. Equity 

) ) ) ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 Unrealized change arising during period ) ) Less: Reclassification adjustments included in net income ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), before income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Less: Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax expense (benefit) ) ) 
 ) Net realized gains (losses) Total ) Unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of all other investments Investments ) Net realized gains (losses) Total ) Change in retirement plan liabilities adjustment Prior-service credit ) ) ) Actuarial losses ) ) ) Total ) ) ) Total reclassifications for the period ) 
 These AOCI components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. For additional information, see Note 20. 
 
 percent equity interest in Corebridge in the IPO, reducing its equity ownership to percent. 
 For additional information on the Corebridge IPO, see Note 1. 
 Changes in AIG equity for sale of interest in Corebridge 
 Change from Net income attributable to AIG common shareholders and changes in AIG's ownership interests 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 237 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 17. Earnings Per Common Share (EPS) 

) Less: Net income from continuing operations attributable to noncontrolling interests Less: Preferred stock dividends Income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders from continuing operations ) Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income tax expense ) Net income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders ) Denominator for EPS: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive common shares Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted (a)(b) 
 Income (loss) per common share attributable to AIG common shareholders: 
 Basic: Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations Income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders ) Diluted: Income (loss) from continuing operations ) Income from discontinued operations Income (loss) attributable to AIG common shareholders ) 
 (a) For the year ended December 31, 2020, because we reported a net loss attributable to AIG common shareholders, all common stock equivalents are anti-dilutive and are therefore excluded from the calculation of diluted shares and diluted per share amounts. The number of common shares excluded from the calculation was shares. 
 (b) Potential dilutive common shares include our share-based employee compensation plans, a weighted average portion of the -year warrants issued to AIG shareholders as part of AIG s recapitalization in January 2011, which expired in January 2021 and an option for Blackstone to exchange all or a portion of its ownership interest in Corebridge for AIG common shares in the event an IPO did not occur prior to 2024. As a result of the consummation of the IPO on September 19, 2022, this exchange right of Blackstone was terminated. The number of common shares excluded from diluted shares outstanding was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, because the effect of including those common shares in the calculation would have been anti-dilutive. 
 For information regarding the Blackstone option to exchange all or a portion of its ownership interest in Corebridge for AIG common shares, see Note 1. For information regarding our repurchases of AIG Common Stock, see Note 16. 
 238 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 18. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions 

Foreign Total General Insurance companies Life and Retirement companies: Domestic Foreign Total Life and Retirement companies At December 31, Statutory capital and surplus (a)(b) : 
 General Insurance companies: Domestic Foreign Total General Insurance companies Life and Retirement companies: Domestic Foreign Total Life and Retirement companies Aggregate minimum required statutory capital and surplus: General Insurance companies: Domestic Foreign Total General Insurance companies Life and Retirement companies: Domestic Foreign Total Life and Retirement companies 
 (a) Excludes discontinued operations and other divested businesses. 
 (b) The 2022 amounts reflect our best estimate of the statutory net income, capital and surplus as of the date of AIG s Form 10-K filing. In aggregate, the 2021 General Insurance companies and Life and Retirement companies statutory net income decreased by million and the 2021 General Insurance companies and Life and Retirement companies statutory capital and surplus increased by million, compared to the amounts previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, due to finalization of statutory filings and revision of prior period numbers. 
 Our insurance subsidiaries file financial statements prepared in accordance with statutory accounting practices prescribed or permitted by domestic and foreign insurance regulatory authorities. The principal differences between statutory financial statements and financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP for domestic companies are that statutory financial statements do not reflect DAC, some bond portfolios may be carried at amortized cost, investment impairments are determined in accordance with statutory accounting practices, assets and liabilities are presented net of reinsurance, policyholder liabilities are generally valued using more conservative assumptions and certain assets are non-admitted. 
 For domestic insurance subsidiaries, aggregate minimum required statutory capital and surplus is based on the greater of the RBC level that would trigger regulatory action or minimum requirements per state insurance regulation. Capital and surplus requirements of our foreign subsidiaries differ from those prescribed in the U.S., and can vary significantly by jurisdiction. At both December 31, 2022 and 2021, all domestic and foreign insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded the minimum required statutory capital and surplus requirements and all domestic insurance subsidiaries individually exceeded RBC minimum required levels. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 239 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 18. Statutory Financial Data and Restrictions 

billion and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. AGL may seek continuation of the permitted practices beyond September 30, 2023, subject to the approval of its domiciliary regulator. 
 SUBSIDIARY DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS 
 Payments of dividends to us by our insurance subsidiaries are subject to certain restrictions imposed by regulatory authorities. With respect to our domestic insurance subsidiaries, the payment of any dividend requires formal notice to the insurance department in which the particular insurance subsidiary is domiciled. For example, unless permitted by the Superintendent of Financial Services, property casualty companies domiciled in New York generally may not pay dividends to shareholders that, in any 12-month period, exceed the lesser of percent of such company s statutory policyholders surplus or percent of its adjusted net investment income, for the previous year, as defined. Generally, less severe restrictions applicable to both property casualty and life insurance companies exist in most of the other states in which our insurance subsidiaries are domiciled. Under state insurance laws, an insurer may pay a dividend without prior approval of the insurance regulator when the amount of the dividend is below certain regulatory thresholds. Other foreign jurisdictions may restrict the ability of our foreign insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends. Various other regulatory restrictions also limit cash loans and advances to us by our subsidiaries. 
 Largely as a result of these restrictions, approximately billion of the statutory capital and surplus of our consolidated insurance subsidiaries were restricted from transfer to AIG Parent without prior approval of state insurance regulators at December 31, 2022. 
 To our knowledge, no AIG insurance company is currently on any regulatory or similar watch list with regard to solvency. 
 PARENT COMPANY DIVIDEND RESTRICTIONS 
 At December 31, 2022, our ability to pay dividends is not subject to any significant contractual restrictions, but remains subject to regulatory restrictions. 
 For additional information about our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders, see Note 16. 
 240 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 19. Share-Based Compensation Plans 

Share-based compensation expense - after tax (b) 
 
 (a) As a result of accelerated vesting events, such as retirement eligibility in the year of grant and involuntary terminations, we recognized million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, prior to the end of the specified vesting periods. It is our policy to reverse compensation expense for forfeited awards when they occur. 
 (b) We also recognized million of tax benefit due to share settlements occurring in 2022. 
 EMPLOYEE PLANS 
 The Company sponsors several stock compensation programs under the AIG Long Term Incentive Plan (LTIP) (as amended) from which performance share units (PSUs), restricted stock units (RSUs), stock options and deferred stock units (DSUs) (collectively units) are issued. In addition, off-cycle grants are made from time to time during the year generally as sign-on awards to new hires or as a result of a change in employee status. The LTIP was governed by the AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2013 Plan), until it was replaced by the AIG 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (2021 Omnibus Plan), which was adopted at the annual shareholders meeting in May 2021. The adoption occurred after the annual 2021 LTIP awards were granted. 
 Our share-settled awards are settled with previously acquired shares held in AIG s treasury. 
 AIG Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 The 2021 Omnibus Plan provided for the grants of share-based awards to our employees and non-employee directors. The total number of shares granted under the 2021 Plan (the reserve) was the sum of 1) million shares of AIG Common Stock, plus 2) the number of authorized shares that remained available for issuance under the 2013 Plan when the 2021 Omnibus Plan became effective, plus 3) the number of shares of AIG Common Stock relating to outstanding awards under the 2013 Plan at the time the 2021 Omnibus Plan became effective that subsequently were forfeited, expired, terminated or otherwise lapse or are settled in cash. Each share-based unit granted under the Omnibus Plan reduces the number of shares available for future grants by share. However, shares with respect to awards that are forfeited, expired or settled for cash are returned to the reserve. As of December 31, 2022, shares are available for future grants. 
 AIG Long Term Incentive Plan 
 Long-Term Incentive (LTI) Awards 
 The LTIP provides for an annual award to certain employees, including our senior executive officers and other highly compensated employees that may be comprised of a combination of one or more of the following units: PSUs, RSUs or stock options. 
 The number of PSUs issued on the grant date (the target) provides the opportunity for LTIP participants (usually senior management) to receive shares of AIG Common Stock based on AIG achieving specified performance goals at the end of a performance period. These performance goals are pre-established by AIG s Compensation and Management Resources Committee (CMRC) for each annual grant and may differ from year to year. The actual number of PSUs earned can vary from to percent of the target for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 LTI awards, depending on AIG s performance relative to a specified peer group and/or the outcome of pre-established financial goals, as applicable. 
 RSUs and stock options are earned based solely on continued service by the participant. 
 Vesting occurs on January 1 of the year immediately following the end of the performance and service period. Beginning in 2022, vesting for RSUs and stock options awarded will occur in three equal installments on the first, second and third anniversary of the grant date. Recipients must be employed at each vesting date to be entitled to share delivery, except upon the occurrence of an accelerated vesting event, such as an involuntary termination without cause, disability, retirement eligibility or death during the vesting period. However, for involuntarily terminated employees hired after April 1, 2022 unvested RSUs and options are forfeited on the termination date, while PSUs are pro-rated based on the number of completed years in the performance period. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 241 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 19. Share-Based Compensation Plans 

Expected volatility (c) 
 Risk-free interest rate (d) 
 
 (a) PSUs will be adjusted by +/-25 percent and +/-10 percent if AIG's TSR is in the top or bottom quartile of the peer group at the culmination of the performance period for the 2021 LTI and 2020 LTI awards, respectively. 
 (b) The award agreement provides that TSR for AIG and each member of the Peer Group will be calculated assuming dividends distributed are reinvested on the ex dividend date. 
 (c) We used the historical volatility over the most recent -year period for AIG and the members of the Peer Group, commensurate with the remaining Performance Period as of the valuation date. 
 (d) We converted the semi-annual zero-coupon U.S. Treasury rates as of the valuation date to continuously compounded rates. We then chose the continuously compounded risk-free rate that is commensurate with the length of the remaining performance period as of the valuation date and interpolated between the yields of the and the continuously compounded rates to determine the yield. 
 Modification 
 In connection with the Corebridge IPO, approximately million RSUs held by 735 Corebridge LTIP participants who were actively employed on the IPO date were converted to approximately million Corebridge RSUs in accordance with the anti-dilution provision of the 2021 Omnibus Plan. The vesting terms of the Corebridge RSUs remain the same as the pre-converted RSUs but will be settled in Corebridge common stock. This conversion is considered a modification for accounting purposes and did not result in incremental compensation expense. 
 Granted Vested (c) 
 ) ) ) Converted (d) 
 ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Unvested, end of year (e) 
 
 (a) Excludes stock options, other RSUs and DSUs, which are discussed under Stock Options, Other RSU Grants and Non-Employee Plan, respectively. 
 (b) PSUs represent target amount granted and does not reflect potential increases or decreases that could result from the final outcome of the performance goals for the respective awards, which is determined by the CMRC in the quarter after the applicable performance period ends. 
 (c) Also reflects units that vest as a result of an accelerated vesting event that occurred prior to the specified vesting date but for which share delivery has not yet occurred. 
 (d) Represents AIG LTI RSUs converted to Corebridge RSUs as a result of the IPO. 
 (e) At December 31, 2022, the total unrecognized compensation cost for outstanding RSUs and PSUs was million and the weighted-average and expected period of years over which that cost is expected to be recognized are years and years. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options were issued as part of the 2022, 2021 and 2020 LTI awards, and to certain newly hired senior executives in 2017 and 2018. Option awards are generally granted with an exercise price equal to the market price of the company s stock on the grant date and are exercisable up to years from the date of grant, or years from the date of an involuntary termination or the option's expiration date, if earlier. The fair value of the options was estimated on the grant date using the Black-Scholes model for the time-vesting options, and a Monte Carlo simulation for the hurdle-vesting options using the assumptions noted in the following table. 
 242 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 19. Share-Based Compensation Plans 

Expected volatility (b) 
 Risk-free interest rate (c) 
 Expected term (d) 
 years years years 
 (a) The dividend yield is the projected annualized AIG dividend yield estimated by Bloomberg Professional service as of the valuation date. 
 (b) The expected volatility is based on the implied volatility of months stock option estimated by the Bloomberg Professional service as of the valuation date. 
 (c) The risk-free interest rate is the continuously compounded interest rate for the term between the valuation date and the expiration date that is assumed to be constant and equal to the interpolated value between the closest data points on the U.S. dollar LIBOR-swap curve as of the valuation date. 
 (d) The contractual term is years from the date of grant. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding, end of year Exercisable, end of year 
 The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we recognized million of expense, while million was unrecognized and is expected to be amortized up to years. We received million in cash from the exercise of stock options during 2022. 
 Other RSU Grants 
 The Company may issue time-vesting RSUs for various reasons including, as a sign-on bonus, retention grant or replacement award in an acquisition. Vesting for these awards ranges from to years and is contingent on continuous service. 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Converted (a) 
 ) Forfeited ) ) ) Unvested, end of year 
 
 We recognized million of expense related to these RSU grants in 2022. Total unrecognized compensation cost related to these grants was million and the weighted-average and expected period of years over which that cost is expected to be recognized are years and years at December 31, 2022. 
 
 , and DSUs, respectively, and recognized expense of million, million and million, respectively. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 243 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 20. Employee Benefits 

of a plan participant s annual compensation (subject to IRS limitations) and annual interest credits. Although benefits are frozen, these interest credits continue to accrue on the cash balance accounts of active participants, who also accrue years of service for purposes of early retirement eligibility and subsidies. Employees can take their vested benefits as a lump sum or an annuity option when they leave AIG or are terminated from the plan. 
 Employees satisfying certain age and service requirements (i.e., grandfathered employees) remain covered under the average pay formula that was in effect prior to the conversion. The final average pay formula is based upon a percentage of final average compensation multiplied by years of credited service, up to years. Grandfathered employees will receive the higher of the benefit under the cash balance formula or the final average pay formula at retirement. 
 In the U.S. we also sponsor non-qualified unfunded defined benefit plans, such as the AIG Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan (AIG NQRIP) for certain employees, including key executives, designed to supplement pension benefits provided by the qualified plan. The AIG NQRIP provides a benefit equal to the reduction in benefits under the qualified plan as a result of federal tax limitations on compensation and benefits payable. 
 Non-U.S. defined benefit plans generally are either based on the employee s years of credited service and compensation in the years preceding retirement or on points accumulated based on the employee s job grade and other factors during each year of service. 
 POSTRETIREMENT PLANS 
 U.S. postretirement medical and life insurance benefits are based upon the employee attaining the age of and having a minimum of of service, which was reduced to years in 2019 for medical coverage only. Eligible employees who have medical coverage can enroll in retiree medical upon termination of employment. Medical benefits are contributory, while the life insurance benefits, which are closed to new employees, are generally non-contributory. Retiree medical contributions vary from none for pre-1989 retirees to actual premium payments reduced by certain subsidies for post-1992 retirees. These retiree contributions are subject to annual adjustments. Other cost sharing features of the medical plan include deductibles, coinsurance, Medicare coordination, and an employer subsidy for grandfathered employees only. 
 Postretirement benefits are offered in certain non-U.S. countries and vary by geographic location. 
 244 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 20. Employee Benefits 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial (gain) loss (b) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Benefits paid: AIG assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Plan assets ) ) ) ) Plan amendment ) Curtailments ) Settlements ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange effect ) ) ) Other ) ) ) Projected benefit obligation, end of year Change in plan assets: Fair value of plan assets, beginning of year Actual return on plan assets, net of expenses ) ) AIG contributions Benefits paid: AIG assets ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Plan assets ) ) ) ) Settlements ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange effect ) ) Fair value of plan assets, end of year Funded status, end of year ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Amounts recognized in the balance sheet: Assets Liabilities ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total amounts recognized ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Pre-tax amounts recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss): Net gain (loss) ) ) ) ) Prior service (cost) credit ) ) Total amounts recognized ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Includes non-qualified unfunded plans of which the aggregate projected benefit obligation was million and million for the U.S. at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and million and million for the non-U.S. at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (b) The significant gain in 2022 is primarily due to an increase in the discount rate for the U.S. AIG Retirement Plan. 
 Non-U.S. pension benefit plans 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 245 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 20. Employee Benefits 

Accumulated benefit obligation Fair value of plan assets 
 Interest cost Expected return on assets ) ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost (credit) ) Amortization of net (gain) loss ) Net periodic benefit cost (credit) ) ) ) Settlement loss Net benefit cost (credit) ) ) ) Total recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) ) Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost and other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) ) 
 Reflects administrative fees for the U.S. pension plans. 
 Interest cost for pension and postretirement benefits for our U.S. plans and largest non-U.S. plans is measured using the spot rate approach, which applies specific spot rates along the yield curve to a plan s corresponding discounted cash flows that comprise the obligation. This method provides a more precise measurement of interest cost by aligning the timing of the plans discounted cash flows to the corresponding spot rates on the yield curve. For certain non-U.S. plans, interest cost is measured utilizing a single weighted-average discount rate derived from the yield curve used to measure the benefit obligations. 
 A 100 basis point increase in the expected long-term rate of return would decrease the 2023 pension expense by approximately million with all other items remaining the same. A 100 basis point increase in the discount rate would decrease the 2023 pension expense by approximately million. Conversely, a 100 basis point decrease in the discount rate would increase the 2023 pension expense by approximately million, while a 100 basis point decrease in the expected long-term rate of return would increase the 2023 pension expense by approximately million, with all other items remaining the same. 
 ASSUMPTIONS 
 Interest crediting rate (b) 
 N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A (c) 
 N/A N/A December 31, 2021 Discount rate Interest crediting rate (b) 
 N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A (c) 
 N/A N/A 
 (a) The non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the local economic environments of each of the subsidiaries providing such benefits. 
 246 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 20. Employee Benefits 

Medical (age 65 and older) Ultimate rate to which cost increase is assumed to decline Year in which the ultimate trend rate is reached: Medical (before age 65) Medical (age 65 and older) 
 Interest crediting rate (b) 
 N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Expected return on assets N/A For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 Discount rate Interest crediting rate (b) 
 N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A N/A Expected return on assets N/A N/A For the Year Ended December 31, 2020 Discount rate Interest crediting rate (b) 
 N/A N/A Rate of compensation increase N/A N/A Expected return on assets N/A N/A 
 (a) The non-U.S. plans reflect those assumptions that were most appropriate for the local economic environments of each of the subsidiaries providing such benefits. 
 (b) Represents the weighted average interest crediting rate of non-U.S. cash balance plans primarily in Japan and Switzerland. 
 Discount Rate Methodology 
 The projected benefit cash flows under the U.S. AIG Retirement Plan were discounted using the spot rates derived from the Mercer U.S. Pension Discount Yield Curve (Mercer Yield Curve) at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which resulted in a single discount rate that would produce the same liability at the respective measurement dates. The discount rates were percent at December 31, 2022 and percent at December 31, 2021. The methodology was consistently applied for the respective years in determining the discount rates for the other U.S. pension plans. 
 In general, the discount rates for the non-U.S. plans were developed using a similar methodology to the U.S. AIG Retirement plan, by using country-specific Mercer Yield Curves. 
 The projected benefit obligation for AIG s Japan pension plans represents approximately percent and percent of the total projected benefit obligations for our non-U.S. pension plans at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The weighted average discount rate of percent and percent at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, was selected by reference to the Mercer Yield Curve for Japan. 
 Plan Assets 
 The investment strategy with respect to assets relating to our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans is designed to achieve investment returns that will provide for the benefit obligations of the plans over the long term, limit the risk of short-term funding shortfalls and maintain liquidity sufficient to address cash needs. Accordingly, the asset allocation strategy is designed to maximize the investment rate of return while managing various risk factors, including, but not limited to, volatility relative to the benefit obligations, liquidity, and concentration, and incorporates the risk/return profile applicable to each asset class. 
 There were shares of AIG Common Stock included in the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans assets at December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 247 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 20. Employee Benefits 

Fixed maturity securities Other investments Total 
 The expected weighted average long-term rate of return for the plan was percent and percent for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expected weighted average rate of return is an aggregation of expected returns within each asset class category, weighted for the investment mix of the assets. The combination of the expected asset return and any contributions made by us are expected to maintain the plan s ability to meet all required benefit obligations. The expected asset return for each asset class was developed based on an approach that considers key fundamental drivers of the asset class returns in addition to historical returns, current market conditions, asset volatility and the expectations for future market returns. 
 Non-U.S. Pension Plans 
 The assets of the non-U.S. pension plans are held in various trusts in multiple countries and are invested primarily in equities and fixed maturity securities to maximize the long-term return on assets for a given level of risk. 
 Fixed maturity securities Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Total 
 The assets of AIG s Japan pension plans represent approximately percent and percent of total non-U.S. pension plan assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The expected long-term rate of return was percent and percent, for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is evaluated by the Japanese Pension Investment Committee on a quarterly and annual basis along with various investment managers and is revised to achieve the optimal allocation to meet targeted funding levels if necessary. In addition, the funding policy is revised in accordance with local regulation every five years. 
 The expected weighted average long-term rate of return for all our non-U.S. pension plans was percent and percent for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. It is an aggregation of expected returns within each asset class that was generally developed based on the building block approach that considers historical returns, current market conditions, asset volatility and the expectations for future market returns. 
 248 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 20. Employee Benefits 

Equity securities: U.S. (a) 
 International (b) 
 Fixed maturity securities: U.S. investment grade (c) 
 International investment grade (c) 
 U.S. and international high yield (d) 
 Mortgage and other asset-backed securities Other investment types (e) : 
 Futures ) ) Direct private equity (f) 
 Insurance contracts Mutual funds (g) 
 Total At December 31, 2021 Assets: Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities: U.S. (a) 
 International (b) 
 Fixed maturity securities: U.S. investment grade (c) 
 International investment grade (c) 
 U.S. and international high yield (d) 
 Mortgage and other asset-backed securities Other fixed maturity securities Other investment types (e) : 
 Futures Direct private equity (f) 
 Insurance contracts Mutual funds (g) 
 Total 
 (a) Includes passive and active U.S. equity strategies. 
 (b) Includes passive and active international equity strategies. 
 (c) Includes investments in U.S. and non-U.S. government issued bonds, U.S. government agency or sponsored agency bonds, and investment grade corporate bonds. 
 (d) Consists primarily of investments in securities or debt obligations that have a rating below investment grade. 
 (e) Excludes investments that are measured at fair value using the NAV per share (or its equivalent), which totaled million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (f) Comprised of private capital financing including private debt and private equity securities. 
 (g) Comprised of mutual fund investing in variety of equity, derivatives, and bonds. 
 The inputs or methodologies used for valuing securities are not necessarily an indication of the risk associated with investing in these securities. Based on our investment strategy, we had no significant concentrations of risks at December 31, 2022. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 249 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 20. Employee Benefits 

) ) ) Mortgage and other asset backed securities ) ) Direct private equity ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) Non-U.S. Plan Assets: Insurance contracts ) Total ) At December 31, 2021 U.S. Plan Assets: Fixed maturity securities U.S. investment grade ) Mortgage and other asset backed securities Direct private equity Total ) Non-U.S. Plan Assets: Insurance contracts ) Total ) 
 EXPECTED CASH FLOWS 
 Funding for the qualified plan ranges from the minimum amount required by ERISA to the maximum amount that would be deductible for U.S. tax purposes. Contributed amounts in excess of the minimum amounts are deemed voluntary. Amounts in excess of the maximum amount would be subject to an excise tax and may not be deductible under the Internal Revenue Code. There are no minimum required cash contributions in 2022 for the U.S. AIG Retirement Plan. The non-qualified and postretirement plans benefit payments are deductible when paid to participants. 
 Our annual pension contribution in 2023 is expected to be approximately million for our U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans. This estimate is subject to change, since contribution decisions are affected by various factors including our liquidity, market performance and management s discretion. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028-2032 
 DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS 
 We sponsor several defined contribution plans for U.S. employees that provide for pre-tax salary reduction contributions by employees. The most significant plan is the AIG Incentive Savings Plan, for which the matching contribution is percent of the first of a participant s contributions, subject to the IRS-imposed limitations. Participants in the AIG Incentive Savings Plan receive an additional fully vested, non-elective, non-discretionary contribution equal to of the participant s eligible compensation for the plan year, paid each pay period regardless of whether the participant currently contributes to the plan, and subject to the IRS-imposed limitations. Our pre-tax expenses associated with these plans were million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 250 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 21. Income Taxes 

percent, resulting in tax deconsolidation of Corebridge parent and its subsidiaries from the AIG consolidated U.S. federal income tax group as well as certain state and local jurisdictions where unitary returns are filed. 
 Subsequent to the tax deconsolidation from AIG, due to the application of relevant U.S. tax laws, American General Corporation and its directly owned life insurance subsidiaries (the AGC Group) will not be permitted to join in the filing of a consolidated U.S. federal income tax return with Corebridge parent and its non-life-insurance subsidiaries for a period of five years. Corebridge s net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards that have not been utilized prior to tax deconsolidation from AIG will remain with the relevant Corebridge entities and will be available for utilization by the respective Corebridge U.S. federal income tax groups. The realizability of the deferred tax assets related to such carryforwards is based on the positive and negative evidence applicable to each U.S. federal income tax group. 
 
 ) Foreign Total ) 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 251 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 21. Income Taxes 

) ) Deferred ) Foreign: Current Deferred ) Total ) 
 ) ) Adjustments: Tax exempt interest ) ) ) ) ) Uncertain tax positions (a)(b) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Reclassifications from AOCI ) ) ) ) ) Dispositions of subsidiaries (c) 
 ) Non-controlling interest ) ) ) ) ) Non-deductible transfer pricing charges ) Dividends received deduction ) ) ) ) ) Effect of foreign operations (d) 
 ) Share-based compensation payments excess tax effect ) ) ) State income taxes ) Expiration of tax attribute carryforwards ) Tax audit resolution ) ) ) Other (b) 
 ) ) ) Effect of discontinued operations Valuation allowance: Continuing operations ) ) ) Consolidated total amounts ) ) Amounts attributable to discontinued operations ) Amounts attributable to continuing operations 
 ) ) 
 (a) Refer to the Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes section below for further discussion on 2021 and 2020 tax audit resolution activity. 
 (b) 2020 includes a net charge of million related to the accrual of IRS interest, of which million tax expense is reported in Uncertain tax positions and million tax benefit is reported in Other. 
 (c) 2020 disposition of subsidiaries is primarily related to the tax effects of the Majority Interest Fortitude Sale. 
 (d) Effect of foreign operations is primarily related to income and losses in our foreign operations taxed at statutory tax rates different than 21 percent, and foreign income subject to U.S. taxation. 
 252 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 21. Income Taxes 

Basis differences on investments Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative Life policy reserves Accruals not currently deductible, and other Loss reserve discount Loan loss and other reserves Unearned premium reserve reduction Fixed assets and intangible assets Unrealized losses related to available for sale debt securities Other Employee benefits Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Investments in foreign subsidiaries ) ) Deferred policy acquisition costs ) ) Unrealized gains related to available for sale debt securities ) Fortitude Re funds withheld embedded derivative ) Other Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets before valuation allowance Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 Capital loss carryforwards Foreign tax credit carryforwards Other carryforwards Total AIG U.S. consolidated federal income tax group tax losses and credits carryforwards on a U.S. GAAP basis (a) 
 
 (a) Financial reporting basis reflects the impact of unrecognized tax benefits for tax years in which tax attributes can be realized through carryback upon settlement. 
 . 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 253 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 21. Income Taxes 

Although tax deconsolidation of Corebridge from the AIG consolidated U.S. federal income tax group resulted in the formation of new federal tax filing groups requiring separate deferred tax asset realizability assessments, there was no material change to the total deferred tax asset valuation allowance recorded as of December 31, 2022. After factoring in multiple data points and assessing relative weight of all positive and negative evidence, we concluded that a valuation allowance of million is necessary. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, the balance sheet reflects a valuation allowance of million, of which million relates to AIG's U.S. federal consolidated income tax group and million relates to Corebridge. The valuation allowance recorded with respect to AIG's U.S. federal consolidated income tax group relates to a portion of tax attribute carryforwards that are no longer more-likely-than-not to be realized. The valuation allowance at Corebridge relates to a portion of both tax attribute carryforwards and certain other deferred tax assets of the Corebridge non-life insurance group that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, recent changes in market conditions, including rising interest rates, impacted the unrealized tax gains and losses in the available for sale securities portfolios of both our U.S. Life Insurance and non-life insurance companies, resulting in deferred tax assets related to net unrealized tax capital losses. The deferred tax assets relate to the unrealized tax capital losses for which the carryforward period has not yet begun, and as such, when assessing recoverability, we consider our ability and intent to hold the underlying securities to recovery. As of December 31, 2022, based on all available evidence, we concluded that a valuation allowance should be established on a portion of the deferred tax assets related to unrealized tax capital losses that are not more-likely-than-not to be realized. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we established billion of valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax capital losses in the U.S. Life Insurance Companies available for sale securities portfolio and million of valuation allowance associated with the unrealized tax capital losses in the non-life insurance companies available for sale securities portfolio. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a net million decrease in deferred tax asset valuation allowance associated with certain foreign and state jurisdictions, primarily attributable to current year activity. 
 
 Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) in AOCI ) Valuation allowance ) ) Subtotal Net foreign, state and local deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Subtotal Subtotal - Net U.S., foreign, state and local deferred tax assets Net foreign, state and local deferred tax liabilities ) ) Total AIG net deferred tax assets (liabilities) 
 
 254 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 | Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements | 21. Income Taxes 

Increases in tax positions for prior years Decreases in tax positions for prior years ) ) ) Increases in tax positions for current year Lapse in statute of limitations ) Settlements ) ) Gross unrecognized tax benefits, end of year 
 There was no significant activity in unrecognized tax benefits for the year ended December 31, 2022. The activity in unrecognized tax benefits for the year ended December 31, 2021 is primarily attributable to effective settlement of reserves for uncertain tax positions due to the completion of audit activity by the IRS and New York State. The activity for the year ended December 31, 2020 includes the impact of the binding settlement agreement with the IRS for tax years 1991-2006 with respect to cross border financing transactions. After remeasurement based on the settlement terms, the remaining balances of the unrecognized tax benefits, penalties and interest related to the 1991-2006 tax years are no longer presented as uncertain tax positions and were reclassified as prior year current tax payable. 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 and 2020, the amounts of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would favorably affect the effective tax rate were billion, billion and billion, respectively. Unrecognized tax benefits that would not affect the effective tax rate generally relate to such factors as the timing, rather than the permissibility of the deduction. 
 Interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are recognized in income tax expense. At December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had accrued liabilities of million, million and million, respectively for the payment of interest (net of the federal benefit) and penalties. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we accrued expense (benefit) of ) million, ) million, and million, respectively, for the payment of interest and penalties. The activity in 2022 was due to the completion of audit activity and expiration of a certain statute related to foreign operations. The activity in 2021 was primarily related to the completion of audit activity by the IRS and New York State. The activity in 2020 was primarily attributable to decreases and settlements of interest and penalties associated with the completion of the IRS examination for tax years 1991-2006. 
 Although it is reasonably possible that a change in the balance of unrecognized tax benefits may occur within the next 12 months, based on the information currently available, we do not expect any change to be material to our consolidated financial condition. 
 - 
 Australia - 
 Canada - 
 France - 
 Japan - 
 Korea - 
 Singapore - 
 United Kingdom - 
 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 255 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part II 
 
 ITEM 9 | Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 

ITEM 9A | Controls and Procedures 
 EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, an evaluation was carried out by AIG management, with the participation of AIG s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, AIG s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Management of AIG is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. AIG s internal control over financial reporting is a process, under the supervision of AIG s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of AIG s financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 AIG management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the criteria established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). 
 AIG management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on the criteria articulated in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the COSO. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which is included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B | Other Information 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 9C | Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 256 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part III 

ITEM 10 | Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Govern ance 
 All information required by Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the definitive proxy statement for AIG s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the SEC not later than 120 days after the close of the fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A. 

ITEM 11 | Executive Compensation 
 See Item 10 herein. 

ITEM 12 | Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 See Item 10 herein. 

ITEM 13 | Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 See Item 10 herein. 

ITEM 14 | Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 See Item 10 herein. 
 
 Part IV 

ITEM 15 | Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Financial Statements and Schedules. See accompanying Index to Financial Statements. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 257 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Location 
 2 Plan of acquisition, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation or succession (1) Purchase Agreement, dated as of July 14, 2021, between AIG and Aztec Holdco LLC (an affiliate of Blackstone Inc.) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). 3 Articles of incorporation and by laws 3(i) Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of AIG, amended and restated May 14, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2020 (File No. 1-8787). 3(ii) AIG By-laws, amended and restated December 9, 2020 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 9, 2020 (File No. 1-8787). 4 Instruments defining the rights of security holders, including indentures Certain instruments defining the rights of holders of long-term debt securities of AIG and its subsidiaries are omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K. AIG hereby undertakes to furnish to the Commission, upon request, copies of any such instruments. (1) Description of Registrant s Securities 
 Filed herewith. (2) Deposit Agreement, dated March 14, 2019, among AIG, Equiniti Trust Company, as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2019 (File No. 1-8787). (3) Form of depositary receipt representing the Depository Shares (included in Exhibit A to Exhibit 4.2) (4) Indenture, dated April 5, 2022, between Corebridge Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (5) First Supplemental Indenture, dated April 5, 2022, between Corebridge Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, relating to the 3.500 Senior Notes due 2025 (2025 Notes) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (6) Second Supplemental Indenture, dated April 5, 2022, between Corebridge Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, relating to the 3.650 Senior Notes due 2027 (2027 Notes) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (7) Third Supplemental Indenture, dated April 5, 2022, between Corebridge Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, relating to the 3.850 Senior Notes due 2029 (2029 Notes) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (8) Fourth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 5, 2022, between Corebridge Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, relating to the 3.900 Senior Notes due 2032 (2032 Notes) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (9) Fifth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 5, 2022, between Corebridge Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, relating to the 4.350 Senior Notes due 2042 (2042 Notes) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (10) Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated April 5, 2022, between Corebridge Financial, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee, relating to the 4.400 Senior Notes due 2052 (2052 Notes) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (11) Form of the 2025 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.5) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (12) Form of the 2027 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.6) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (13) Form of the 2029 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.7) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (14) Form of the 2032 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.8) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (15) Form of the 2042 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.9) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (16) Form of the 2052 Notes (included in Exhibit 4.10) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 7, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). 9 Voting Trust Agreement None. 10 Material contracts (1) American International Group, Inc. 2010 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix B in AIG s Definitive Proxy Statement, dated April 12, 2010 (Filed No. 1-8787). (2) AIG 2010 Stock Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director Deferred Stock Units (DSU Award Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012 (File No. 1-8787). 
 258 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Location 
 (3) Letter Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin Hogan 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). (4) Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated August 14, 2013, between AIG and Kevin Hogan 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). (5) Executive Officer Form of Release and Restrictive Covenant Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). (6) Master Transaction Agreement, dated as of April 19, 2011, by and a mong American Home Assurance Company, Chartis Casualty Company (f/k/a American International South Insurance Company), Chartis Property Casualty Company (f/k/a AIG Casualty Company), Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company, Illinois National Insurance Co., National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company, The Insurance Company of the State of Pennsylvania, Chartis Select Insurance Company (f/k/a AIG Excess Liability Insurance Company Ltd.), Chartis Specialty Insurance Company (f/k/a American International Specialty Lines Insurance Company), Landmark Insurance Company, Lexington Insurance Company, AIU Insurance Company, American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd. and American Home Assurance Company, National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company and Chartis Overseas Limited acting as members of the Chartis Overseas Association as respects business written or assumed by or from affiliated companies of Chartis Inc. (collectively, the Reinsureds), Eaglestone Reinsurance Company and National Indemnity Company 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2011 (File No. 1-8787). (7) AIG 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended September 2015) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to AIG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). (8) Form of 2015 Performance Share Units Award Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2015 (File No. 1-8787). (9) AIG Clawback Policy 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 27, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). (10) AIG Annual Short-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated effective March 1, 2016) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 on AIG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). (11) AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix B in AIG s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated April 4, 2013 (File No. 1-8787). (12) Form of AIG 2013 Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director DSU Award Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.52 to AIG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (File No. 1-8787). (13) Aggregate Excess of Loss Reinsurance Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by and between AIG Assurance Company, AIG Property Casualty Company, AIG Specialty Insurance Company, AIU Insurance Company, American Home Assurance Company, Commerce and Industry Insurance Company, Granite State Insurance Company, Illinois National Insurance Co., Lexington Insurance Company, National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., New Hampshire Insurance Company and The Insurance Company Of The State Of Pennsylvania and National Indemnity Company (portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). (14) Trust Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by and among National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa., National Indemnity Company, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association (portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). (15) Parental Guarantee Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by Berkshire Hathaway Inc. in favor of National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). (16) Form of AIG Long Term Incentive Award Agreement (as of March 2017) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 17, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). (17) Form of Stock Option Award Agreement, between American International Group, Inc. and Brian Duperreault 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 15, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). (18) Form of Stock Option Award Agreement, between American International Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). (19) Form of Long Term Incentive Stock Option Award Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.60 to AIG s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (File No. 1-8787). (20) AIG Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended March 2018) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 259 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Location 
 (21) Description of Non-Management Director Compensation 
 Incorporated by reference to Compensation of Directors in AIG s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, dated March 29, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (22) Letter Agreement, dated May 10, 2018, between AIG and Mark Lyons 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1, filed with the SEC on December 14, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). (23) Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated May 13, 2018, between AIG and Mark Lyons 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1, filed with the SEC on December 14, 2018 (File No. 1-8787). (24) Form of AIG Long Term Incentive Award Agreement (as of April 2019) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2019 (File No. 1-8787). (25) Form of AIG Long Term Incentive Award Agreement (as of January 2020) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.49 to AIG s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 21, 2020 (File No. 1-8787). (26) Amended and Restated Combination Coinsurance and Modified Coinsurance Agreement by and between American General Life Insurance Company and Fortitude Reinsurance Company, Ltd., effective as of June 1, 2020 (portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 4, 2020 (File No. 1-8787). (27) AIG 2012 Executive Severance Plan (as amended and restated February 2021) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.35 to AIG s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (28) AIG Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated February 2021) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.36 to AIG s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (29) AIG Non-Qualified Retirement Income Plan (as amended and restated February 2021) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.37 to AIG s Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (30) American International Group, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan 
 Incorporated by reference to Appendix B to AIG s Definitive Proxy Statement filed with the Commission on March 30, 2021 (File No. 001-08787). (31) AIG Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated April 2021) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (32) AIG Long Term Incentive Plan Form of Award Agreement (April 2021) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 7, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (33) AIG Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated September 2021) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 5, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (34) AIG Long Term Incentive Plan Form of Award Agreement (September 2021) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 5, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (35) Form of AIG 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan Non-Employee Director DSU Award Agreement 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.41 to AIG's Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on February 17, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (36) Credit Agreement, dated as of November 19, 2021, among AIG, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, Bank of America, N.A., as Administrative Agent, and each Several L/C Agent party thereto 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (37) Letter Agreement, dated December 7, 2021, between AIG and Shane Fitzsimons 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K/A, Amendment No. 1, filed with the SEC on December 9, 2021 (File No. 1-8787). (38) 18-Month Delayed Draw Term Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, among SAFG Retirement Services, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto and the administrative agent party thereto 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. (39) 3-Year Delayed Draw Term Agreement, dated as of February 25, 2022, among SAFG Retirement Services, Inc., as borrower, the lenders party thereto and the administrative agent party thereto 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. (40) AIG Long-Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated March 2022) 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. (41) Form of Long-Term Incentive Award Agreement (as of March 2022) 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2022. (42) Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of May 12, 2022 among Corebridge Financial, Inc., the subsidiary borrowers thereto, the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the several L/C agent party thereto 
 Incorporated by reference Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 13, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (43) Amendment Letter, dated as of May 12, 2022, to the Credit Agreement among AIG, the subsidiary borrowers party thereto, the lenders party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent, and each several L/C agent party thereto 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). 
 260 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 
 Location 
 (44) Amendment Letter, dated as of May 11, 2022, to the 3-Year Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement among Corebridge Financial, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on June on August 8, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (45) Amendment Letter, dated as of August 24, 2022, to the 3-Year Delayed Draw Term Loan Agreement among Corebridge Financial, Inc., the lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.1 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (46) AIG Long Term Incentive Plan (as amended and restated September 2022) 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (47) Separation Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Corebridge Financial, Inc . 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (48) Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.4 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (49) Transition Services Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.5 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (50) Trademark License Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.6 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (51) Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.7 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (52) Grantback License Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.8 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (53) Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.9 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (54) Tax Matters Agreement, dated as of September 14, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Corebridge Financial, Inc. 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.10 to AIG s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 2, 2022 (File No. 1-8787). (55) Employment Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2022, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino 
 Filed herewith. (56) RSU Award Agreement, between American International Group, Inc. and Peter Zaffino 
 Filed herewith. (57) Settlement Agreement and Release, dated January 29, 2023, by and between American International Group, Inc. and Mark Lyons 
 Incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 99.1 to AIG s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 30, 2023 (File No. 1-8787). 18 Letter of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, dated February 1 7 , 2023 
 Filed herewith. 21 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 Filed herewith. 22 Guaranteed Securities None. 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Filed herewith. 24 Powers of attorney 
 Included on signature page and filed herewith. 31 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certifications 
 Filed herewith. 32 Section 1350 Certifications 
 Filed herewith. 101 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the three years ended December 31, 2022, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three years ended December 31, 2022, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three years ended December 31, 2022, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the three years ended December 31, 2022 and (vi) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) Filed herewith. 
 This exhibit is a management contract or a compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 This information is furnished and not filed for purposes of Sections 11 and 12 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

ITEM 16 | Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 261 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the 17 th of February, 2023. 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. By /S/ PETER ZAFFINO (Peter Zaffino, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Peter Zaffino and Sabra Purtill, and each of them severally, his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to sign in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to do any and all things and execute any and all instruments that such attorney may deem necessary or advisable under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and any rules, regulations and requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments hereto, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, and hereby ratifies and confirms all said attorneys-in-fact and agents, each acting alone, and his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities indicated on the 17 th of February, 2023. 
 SIGNATURE TITLE /S/ PETER ZAFFINO Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 (Peter Zaffino) /S/ SABRA PURTILL Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 (Sabra Purtill) /S/ KATHLEEN CARBONE Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) (Kathleen Carbone) /S/ PAOLA BERGAMASCHI Director (Paola Bergamaschi) /S/ JAMES COLE JR. Director (James Cole Jr.) /S/ W. DON CORNWELL Director (W. Don Cornwell) S/ WILLIAM G. JURGENSEN Director (William G. Jurgensen) /S/ LINDA A. MILLS Director (Linda A. Mills) /S/ PETER R. PORRINO Director (Peter R. Porrino) /S/ JOHN G. RICE Director (John G. Rice) /S/ DOUGLAS M. STEENLAND Director (Douglas M. Steenland) /S/ THERESE M. VAUGHAN Director (Therese M. Vaughan) 
 262 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Obligations of states, municipalities and political subdivisions Non-U.S. governments Public utilities All other corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed, asset-backed and collateralized Total fixed maturity securities Equity securities and mutual funds: Common stock: Public utilities Banks, trust and insurance companies Industrial, miscellaneous and all other Total common stock Preferred stock Mutual funds Total equity securities and mutual funds Mortgage and other loans receivable, net of allowance Other invested assets Short-term investments, at cost (approximates fair value) Derivative assets (b) 
 Total investments 
 (a) Original cost of fixed maturities is reduced by repayments and adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts. 
 (b) The balance is reported in Other assets. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 263 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Other investments Total investments Cash Loans to subsidiaries (a) 
 Due from affiliates - net (a) 
 Intercompany tax receivable (a) 
 Deferred income taxes Investment in consolidated subsidiaries (a) 
 Other assets 
 Total assets Liabilities: Due to affiliates (a) 
 Intercompany tax payable (a) 
 Notes and bonds payable Junior subordinated debt Series AIGFP matched notes and bonds payable Loans from subsidiaries (a) 
 Other liabilities Total liabilities AIG Shareholders equity: Preferred stock Common stock Treasury stock ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income ) Total AIG shareholders equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (a) Eliminated in consolidation. 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 
 264 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

) ) Dividend income from consolidated subsidiaries (a) 
 Interest income (b) 
 Net realized losses ) ) ) Other income (loss) ) ) Expenses: Interest expense Net loss on extinguishment of debt Net (gain) loss on divestitures and other ) Other expenses Income (loss) from continuing operations before income tax benefit ) Income tax benefit ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Loss from discontinued operations ) Net income (loss) attributable to AIG Parent Company ) 
 (a) Eliminated in consolidation. 
 (b) Includes interest income on intercompany borrowings of million, million and million on December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, eliminated in consolidation. 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 
 
 Condensed Financial Information of Registrant (Continued) 
 Statements of Comprehensive Income Parent Company Only 
 
 Schedule II Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income attributable to AIG ) 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 265 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

) Cash flows from investing activities: Sales and maturities of investments Sales of divested businesses Purchase of investments ) ) ) Net change in short-term investments ) Contributions from (to) subsidiaries - net ) ) Loans to subsidiaries - net ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) ) Loans from subsidiaries - net ) Purchase of common stock ) ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) ) Change in cash and restricted cash ) Cash and restricted cash at beginning of year Cash and restricted cash at end of year Supplementary disclosure of cash flow information: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2022 2021 2020 Cash Restricted cash included in Other assets Total cash and restricted cash shown in Statements of Cash Flows Parent Company Only Cash (paid) received during the period for: Interest: Third party ) ) ) Intercompany Taxes: Income tax authorities ) ) ) Intercompany Intercompany non-cash financing and investing activities: Capital contributions Return of capital Dividend received in the form of intercompany note Dividends received in the form of securities 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Financial Information of Registrant. 
 266 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

million reported in Net gain (loss) on divestitures and other. The AIGFP loan receivable of billion was reclassified to a third party asset, which has a full allowance for credit losses. In addition, AIGFP and its subsidiaries were determined to be an unconsolidated variable interest entity. 
 The Registrant files a consolidated federal income tax return with certain subsidiaries and acts as an agent for the consolidated tax group when making payments to the Internal Revenue Service. The Registrant and its subsidiaries have adopted, pursuant to a written agreement, a method of allocating consolidated Federal income taxes. Amounts allocated to the subsidiaries under the written agreement are included in Due from affiliates in the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets. 
 Under the U.S. federal tax laws, AIGFP will continue to join in filing of AIG s consolidated U.S. federal income tax return and AIGFP s net operating losses continue to be available to offset taxable income of AIG s consolidated U.S. federal income tax group. Accordingly, deferred tax assets related to AIGFP s net operating losses remain part of AIG s deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. No additional valuation allowance is required in connection with AIGFP s reorganization. 
 Income taxes in the accompanying Condensed Balance Sheets are composed of the Registrant s current and deferred tax assets, the consolidated group s current income tax receivable and deferred taxes related to tax attribute carryforwards of AIG s U.S. consolidated federal income tax group. 
 The consolidated U.S. deferred tax asset for net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards are recorded by the Parent Company, which files the consolidated U.S. Federal income tax return, and are not allocated to its subsidiaries. Generally, as, and if, the consolidated net operating losses and other tax attribute carryforwards are utilized, the intercompany tax balance will be settled with the subsidiaries. 
 For additional information, see Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 267 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Life and Retirement Other Operations (a) 
 2021 General Insurance Life and Retirement Other Operations (a) 

For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 Segment (in millions) 
 Premiums and Policy Fees Net Investment Income Losses and Loss Expenses Incurred, Benefits Amortization of Deferred Policy Acquisition Costs Other Operating Expenses Net 
 Premiums 
 Written 
 2022 General Insurance Life and Retirement Other Operations (a) 
 ) 2021 General Insurance Life and Retirement Other Operations (a) 
 ) 2020 General Insurance Life and Retirement Other Operations (a) 
 
 (a) Includes consolidation and elimination entries and reconciling items from adjusted pre-tax income to pre-tax income. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 268 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Premiums earned: General Insurance companies Life and Retirement companies Total 2021 Long-duration insurance in-force Premiums earned: General Insurance companies Life and Retirement companies Total 2020 Long-duration insurance in-force Premiums earned: General Insurance companies Life and Retirement companies Total 
 
 ) Allowance for premiums and insurances balances receivable 
 ) ) Allowance for reinsurance assets ) ) Federal and foreign valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
 ) 2021 Allowance for mortgage and other loans receivable 
 ) ) ) Allowance for premiums and insurances balances receivable 
 ) ) ) Allowance for reinsurance assets ) Federal and foreign valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
 ) 2020 Allowance for mortgage and other loans receivable 
 ) Allowance for premiums and insurances balances receivable 
 ) ) Allowance for reinsurance assets ) Federal and foreign valuation allowance for deferred tax assets 
 ) ) 
 (a) Includes recoveries of amounts previously charged off and reclassifications to/from other accounts. 
 (b) Excludes billion loan receivable from AIGFP, which has a full allowance for credit losses, recognized upon the deconsolidation of AIGFP. For additional information, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 AIG | 2022 Form 10-K 
 269 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 q42022exhibit41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 

Exhibit 4.1 
 American International Group, Inc. Description of Registrant s Securities 
 As of December 31, 2022, AIG had the following classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act (i) our common stock (ii) depositary shares (the Depositary Shares ), each representing a 1 1,000th interest in a share of 5.85 non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, Series A (the Series A Preferred Stock and (iii) 4.875 Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. All of our registered securities are listed on the New York Stock Exchange. 
 I. Common Stock, Par Value 2.50 Per Share 
 The following description of the Company s common stock and the relevant provisions of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws are summaries and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. 
 General 
 Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we are authorized to issue 5,000,000,000 shares of common stock a par value of 2.50 per share. All of the outstanding shares of our common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 Dividends 
 Subject to the prior rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock that may be issued and outstanding, the holders of common stock are entitled to receive dividends when, as and if declared by our board of directors out of funds legally available for the payment of dividends. 
 Ranking 
 Subject to the prior rights of the holders of shares of preferred stock that may be issued and outstanding, in the event of dissolution of AIG, the holders of common stock are entitled to share ratably in all assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders. 
 Voting Rights 
 Each holder of common stock is entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters presented to a vote at a shareholders meeting, including the election of directors (except for preferred stock directors, as defined below under Description of Preferred Stock-Voting Rights-Right to Elect Two Directors on Nonpayment of Dividends ). Holders of common stock have no cumulative voting rights or preemptive rights to purchase or subscribe for any additional shares of common stock or other securities, and there are no conversion rights or redemption or sinking fund provisions with respect to the common stock. Authorized but unissued shares of common stock may be issued without shareholder approval, subject to NYSE listing rules. 
 Certification 
 AIG has adopted direct company registration of its common stock. Holders of shares of common stock will not receive stock certificates evidencing their share ownership. Instead, they are provided with a statement reflecting the number of shares registered in their accounts. 
 The transfer agent for our common stock is Equiniti Trust Company, as successor to Wells Fargo Shareowner Services, a former division of Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. 

II. Depositary Shares (each representing a 1 1000 th interest in a share of Series A 5.85 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock) 
 The following description of our Series A 5.85 Non-Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock and the Depositary Shares (each representing a 1 1000 th interest in a share of Series A Preferred Stock, the Depositary Shares is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and the certificate of designations with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Description of the Preferred Stock 
 General 
 Under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, we have authority to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock, par value 5.00 per share. Our board of directors (or a duly authorized committee of the board) is authorized without further stockholder action to cause the issuance of shares of preferred stock, including the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Any additional preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series, each with such voting powers, such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may determine prior to the time of issuance. We have the right to create and issue additional classes or series of stock ranking equally with or junior to the Series A Preferred Stock as to dividends and distribution of assets upon our liquidation, dissolution, or winding up without the consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, or the holders of the related Depositary Shares 
 The Series A Preferred Stock represents a single series of our authorized preferred stock. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock are fully paid and nonassessable. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock do not have any preemptive rights and is not convertible into, or exchangeable for, property or shares of our common stock or any other class or series of our other securities and is not subject to any sinking fund or any other obligation of us for their repurchase or retirement. 
 The number of authorized shares of the Series A Preferred Stock initially was 20,000 and the stated amount per share is 25,000. The number of authorized shares may from time to time be increased (but not in excess of the total number of authorized shares of preferred stock, excluding shares of any other series of preferred stock authorized at the time of such increase) or decreased (but not below the number of shares of Series A Preferred Stock then outstanding) by resolution of the board (or a duly authorized committee of the board), without the vote or consent of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are redeemed, purchased or otherwise acquired by us will be cancelled and will revert to authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock undesignated as to series. 

Ranking 
 With respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the Series A Preferred Stock ranks 
 senior to our common stock and any class or series of our stock that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets upon our voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up (for purposes of this section, together with our common stock, junior stock senior to or on a parity with each other series of our preferred stock we may issue (except for any senior series that may be issued upon the requisite vote or consent of the holders of at least two thirds of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding and entitled to vote, voting together with any other series of preferred stock that would be adversely affected by such issuance substantially in the same manner and entitled to vote as a single class in proportion to their respective stated amounts) with respect to the payment of dividends and distributions of assets upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of AIG and junior to all existing and future indebtedness and other non-equity claims on us. 
 Dividends 
 Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as and if declared by our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board), but only out of funds legally available therefor, noncumulative cash dividends at the annual rate of 5.85 of the stated amount per share, and no more, payable quarterly in arrears on the fifteenth day of March, June, September and December, respectively, in each year (for purposes of this section, each, a dividend payment date ), with respect to the dividend period (or portion thereof) ending on the day preceding such respective dividend payment date, to holders of record on the 15th calendar day before such dividend payment date or such other record date not more than 30 nor less than 10 days preceding such dividend payment date fixed for that purpose by our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) in advance of payment of each particular dividend. The amount of the dividend per share of the Series A Preferred Stock for each dividend period (or portion thereof) is calculated on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. If any dividend payment date is not a business day, the applicable dividend will be paid on the first business day following that day without adjustment. We will not pay interest or any sum of money instead of interest on any dividend payment that may be in arrears on the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 For purposes of this section, dividend period means each period commencing on (and including) a dividend payment date and continuing to (but not including) the next succeeding dividend payment date. 
 For purposes of this section, a business day means each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday or Friday on which banking institutions in The City of New York are not authorized or obligated by law, regulation or executive order to close. 
 Dividends on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are not cumulative and are not mandatory. If our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) does not declare a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock in respect of a dividend period, then holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to receive any dividends not declared by the board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) and no interest, or sum of money in lieu of interest, will be payable in respect of any dividend not so declared, whether or not our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) declares a dividend on the Series A Preferred Stock or any other series of our preferred stock or on our common stock for any future dividend period. 

Restrictions on Dividends, Redemption and Repurchases 
 So long as any share of the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, unless dividends on all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for payment, no dividend may be declared or paid or set aside for payment, and no distribution may be made, on any junior stock, including our common stock, other than a dividend payable solely in stock that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of AIG. 
 If our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) elects to declare only partial instead of full dividends for a dividend payment date and related dividend period on the shares of Series A Preferred Stock or any class or series of our stock that ranks on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of current dividends dividend parity stock ), then to the extent permitted by the terms of the Series A Preferred Stock and each outstanding series of dividend parity stock such partial dividends will be declared on shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and dividend parity stock, and dividends so declared will be paid, as to any such dividend payment date and related dividend period in amounts such that the ratio of the partial dividends declared and paid on each such series to full dividends on each such series is the same. As used in this paragraph, full dividends means, as to any dividend parity stock that bears dividends on a cumulative basis, the amount of dividends that would need to be declared and paid to bring such dividend parity stock current in dividends, including undeclared dividends for past dividend periods. To the extent a dividend period with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock or any series of dividend parity stock (in either case, the first series coincides with more than one dividend period with respect to another series as applicable (in either case, a second series ), for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence, our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may, to the extent permitted by the terms of each affected series, treat such dividend period for the first series as two or more consecutive dividend periods, none of which coincides with more than one dividend period with respect to the second series, or may treat such dividend period(s) with respect to any dividend parity stock and dividend period(s) with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock for purposes of the immediately preceding sentence in any other manner that it deems to be fair and equitable in order to achieve ratable payments of dividends on such dividend parity stock and the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, such dividends (payable in cash, stock or otherwise) as may be determined by our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) may be declared and paid on any common stock or junior stock from time to time out of any funds legally available therefor, and the shares of Series A Preferred Stock will not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 So long as any share of the Series A Preferred Stock remains outstanding, unless dividends on all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock for the most recently completed dividend period have been paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside for payment, no monies may be paid or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption or retirement of junior stock, nor will any shares of junior stock be purchased, redeemed or otherwise acquired for consideration by us, directly or indirectly, other than 
 as a result of (x) a reclassification of junior stock, or (y) the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of stock that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of AIG or through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of stock that ranks junior to the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of AIG. 

Redemption 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is perpetual and has no maturity date. We may redeem the Series A Preferred Stock at our option 
 in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2024, within 90 days after the occurrence of a rating agency event, at a redemption price equal to 25,500 per share of the Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25.50 per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have been declared but not paid prior to the redemption date (with no amount in respect of any dividends that have not been declared prior to such date), or (i) in whole, but not in part, at any time prior to March 15, 2024, within 90 days after the occurrence of a regulatory capital event, or (ii) in whole or in part, from time to time, on or after March 15, 2024, in each case, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share of the Series A Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25.00 per Depositary Share), plus an amount equal to any dividends per share that have been declared but not paid prior to the redemption date (with no amount in respect of any dividends that have not been declared prior to such date). 
 For purposes of this section, rating agency event means that any nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Section 3(a)(62) of the Exchange Act that then publishes a rating for us (a rating agency amends, clarifies or changes the criteria it uses to assign equity credit to securities such as the Series A Preferred Stock, which amendment, clarification or change results in 
 the shortening of the length of time the Series A Preferred Stock is assigned a particular level of equity credit by that rating agency as compared to the length of time it would have been assigned that level of equity credit by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock or the lowering of the equity credit (including up to a lesser amount) assigned to the Series A Preferred Stock by that rating agency as compared to the equity credit assigned by that rating agency or its predecessor on the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 For purposes of this section, regulatory capital event means our good faith determination that, as a result of 
 any amendment to, or change in, the laws, rules or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States or any other governmental agency or instrumentality as may then have group-wide oversight of AIG s regulatory capital that is enacted or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, any proposed amendment to, or change in, those laws, rules or regulations that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, or any official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, rules or regulations that is announced after the initial issuance of the Series A Preferred Stock, 
 there is more than an insubstantial risk that the full liquidation preference (as defined below) per share of the Series A Preferred Stock outstanding from time to time would not qualify as capital (or a substantially similar concept) for purposes of any group capital standard to which we are or will be subject. 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed will be selected either pro rata from the holders of record of the Series A Preferred Stock in proportion to the number of shares of the Series A Preferred Stock held by such holders or by lot. Subject to the provisions of the certificate of designations relating to the Series A Preferred Stock, our board (or a duly authorized committee of the board) will have full power and authority to prescribe the terms and conditions on which shares of the Series A Preferred Stock will be redeemed from time to time. If we will have issued certificates for the Series A Preferred Stock and fewer than all shares represented by any certificates are redeemed, new certificates will be issued representing the unredeemed shares without charge to the holders thereof. 
 The Series A Preferred Stock is not subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund or other similar provisions. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock have no right to require redemption of any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Liquidation Rights 
 In the event of any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the affairs of AIG, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any distribution or payment out of our assets may be made to or set aside for the holders of any junior stock, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be entitled to receive out of our assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders an amount equal to the stated amount per share, together with an amount equal to all dividends (if any) that have been declared but not paid prior to the date of payment (without any amount in respect of dividends that have not been declared prior to such payment date) (for purposes of this section, the liquidation preference ). 
 If our assets are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preference in full to all holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all holders of any class or series of our stock that ranks on a parity with the Series A Preferred Stock in the distribution of assets on liquidation, dissolution or winding up of AIG (for purposes of this section, the liquidation preference parity stock ), the amounts paid to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and to the holders of all liquidation preference parity stock will be pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidation preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock and all such liquidation preference parity stock. In any such distribution, the liquidation preference of any holder of our stock other than the Series A Preferred Stock means the amount otherwise payable to such holder in such distribution (assuming no limitation on our assets available for such distribution), including an amount equal to any declared but unpaid dividends in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a noncumulative basis and, in the case of any holder of stock on which dividends accrue on a cumulative basis, an amount equal to any unpaid, accrued, cumulative dividends, whether or not earned or declared, as applicable. If the liquidation preference has been paid in full to all holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and all holders of any liquidation preference parity stock, the holders of junior stock will be entitled to receive all of our remaining assets according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 For purposes of the liquidation rights, the merger, consolidation or other business combination of us with or into any other corporation, including a transaction in which the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock receive cash or property for their shares, or the sale, conveyance, lease, exchange or transfer (for cash, shares of stock, securities or other consideration) of all or substantially all of our assets, will not constitute a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of AIG. 
 Voting Rights 
 Except as indicated below or otherwise required by law, the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock do not have any voting rights. 
 Right to Elect Two Directors on Nonpayment of Dividends 
 If and whenever dividends payable on the Series A Preferred Stock or any class or series of dividend parity stock having voting rights equivalent to those described in this paragraph (for purposes of this section, voting parity stock have not been declared and paid (or, in the case of voting parity stock bearing dividends on a cumulative basis, will be in arrears) in an aggregate amount equal to full dividends for at least six quarterly dividend periods or their equivalent (whether or not consecutive) (for purposes of this section, a nonpayment event ), the number of directors then constituting our board will be automatically increased by two and the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, together with the holders of any outstanding voting parity stock then entitled to vote for additional directors, voting together as a single class in proportion to their respective stated amounts, will be entitled to elect the two additional directors (for purposes of this section, the preferred stock directors provided that our board will at no time include more than two preferred stock directors (including, for purposes of this limitation, all directors that the holders of any series of voting preferred stock are entitled to elect pursuant to like voting rights). 

In the event that the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock and such other holders of voting parity stock will be entitled to vote for the election of the preferred stock directors following a nonpayment event, such directors will be initially elected following such nonpayment event only at a special meeting called at the request of the holders of record of at least 20 of the stated amount of the Series A Preferred Stock and each other series of voting parity stock then outstanding (unless such request for a special meeting is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual or special meeting of our stockholders, in which event such election will be held only at such next annual or special meeting of stockholders), and at each subsequent annual meeting of our stockholders. Such request to call a special meeting for the initial election of the preferred stock directors after a nonpayment event will be made by written notice, signed by the requisite holders of the Series A Preferred Stock or voting parity stock, and delivered to our secretary, or as may otherwise be required or permitted by applicable law. If our secretary fails to call a special meeting for the election of the preferred stock directors within 20 days of receiving proper notice, any holder of the Series A Preferred Stock may call such a meeting at our expense solely for the election of the preferred stock directors, and for this purpose and no other (unless provided otherwise by applicable law) such Series A Preferred Stock holder will have access to our stock ledger. 
 When (i) dividends have been paid regularly on the Series A Preferred Stock for at least one year after a nonpayment event, and (ii) the rights of holders of any voting parity stock to participate in electing the preferred stock directors will have ceased, the right of holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to participate in the election of preferred stock directors will cease (but subject always to the revesting of such voting rights in the case of any future nonpayment event), the terms of office of all the preferred stock directors will immediately terminate, and the number of directors constituting our board will automatically be reduced accordingly. 
 Any preferred stock director may be removed at any time without cause by the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and voting parity stock, when they have the voting rights described above (voting together as a single class in proportion to their respective stated amounts). The preferred stock directors elected at any such special meeting will hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders if such office will not have previously terminated as above provided. In case any vacancy will occur among the preferred stock directors, a successor will be elected by our board to serve until the next annual meeting of the stockholders on the nomination of the then remaining preferred stock director or, if no preferred stock director remains in office, by the vote of the holders of record of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock and such voting parity stock for which dividends have not been paid, voting as a single class in proportion to their respective stated amounts. The preferred stock directors will each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter that will come before our board for a vote. 

Other Voting Rights 
 So long as any shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are outstanding, in addition to any other vote or consent of stockholders required by law or by our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the vote or consent of the holders of at least two thirds of the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, voting together with any other series of preferred stock that would be adversely affected in substantially the same manner and entitled to vote as a single class in proportion to their respective stated amounts (to the exclusion of all other series of preferred stock), given in person or by proxy, either in writing without a meeting or by vote at any meeting called for the purpose, will be necessary for effecting or validating 
 Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation or By-laws . Any amendment, alteration or repeal of any provision of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or by-laws that would alter or change the voting powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely provided that the amendment of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation so as to authorize or create, or to increase the authorized amount of, any class or series of stock that does not rank senior to the Series A Preferred Stock in either the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of AIG will not be deemed to affect adversely the voting powers, preferences or special rights of the Series A Preferred Stock 
 Authorization of Senior Stock . Any amendment or alteration of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation to authorize or create, or increase the authorized amount of, any shares of any class or series or any securities convertible into shares of any class or series of our capital stock ranking senior to the Series A Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of AIG or 
 Share Exchanges, Reclassifications, Mergers and Consolidations and Other Transactions . Any consummation of (x) a binding share exchange or reclassification involving the Series A Preferred Stock, (y) a merger or consolidation of AIG with another entity (whether or not a corporation), or (z) a conversion, transfer, domestication or continuance of AIG into another entity or an entity organized under the laws of another jurisdiction, unless in each case (A) the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which we are not the surviving or resulting entity, or any such conversion, transfer, domestication or continuance, the shares of Series A Preferred Stock are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting entity or its ultimate parent, and (B) such shares remaining outstanding or such preference securities, as the case may be, have such rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and limitations and restrictions, and limitations and restrictions thereof, taken as a whole, as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the rights, preferences, privileges and voting powers, and restrictions and limitations thereof, of the Series A Preferred Stock immediately prior to such consummation, taken as a whole. 
 
 The foregoing voting provisions will not apply if, at or prior to the time when the act with respect to which the vote would otherwise be required will be effected, all outstanding shares of the Series A Preferred Stock have been redeemed or called for redemption on proper notice and sufficient funds have been set aside by us for the benefit of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock to effect the redemption. 
 Under current provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, the holders of issued and outstanding preferred stock are entitled to vote as a class, with the consent of the majority of the class being required to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation if the amendment would increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares of such class or increase or decrease the par value of the shares of such class. 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 Equiniti Trust Company is the transfer agent and registrar for the Series A Preferred Stock. 

Description of the Depositary Shares 
 As described above under Description of the Series A Preferred Stock , we issued fractional interests in shares of the Series A Preferred Stock in the form of the Depositary Shares. Each Depositary Share represents a 1 1,000th interest in a share of the Series A Preferred Stock, and is evidenced by a depositary receipt. The shares of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares are deposited under a deposit agreement among us, Equiniti Trust Company, as the Depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts evidencing the Depositary Shares. Subject to the terms of the deposit agreement, each holder of Depositary Shares is entitled, through the Depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by such Depositary Shares, to all the rights and preferences of the Series A Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption and liquidation rights). 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 The Depositary will distribute any cash dividends or other cash distributions received in respect of the deposited Series A Preferred Stock to the record holders of the Depositary Shares in proportion to the number of the Depositary Shares held by each holder on the relevant record date. The Depositary will distribute any property received by it other than cash to the record holders of the Depositary Shares entitled to those distributions, unless it determines that the distribution cannot be made proportionally among those holders or that it is not feasible to make a distribution. In that event, the Depositary may, with our approval, sell the property and distribute the net proceeds from the sale to the holders of the Depositary Shares in proportion to the number of the Depositary Shares they hold. 
 Record dates for the payment of dividends and other matters relating to the Depositary Shares are the same as the corresponding record dates for the Series A Preferred Stock. 
 The amounts distributed to holders of the Depositary Shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the Depositary or by us on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 Redemption of the Depositary Shares 
 If we redeem the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares, in whole or in part, a corresponding number of Depositary Shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the Depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock held by the Depositary. The redemption price per Depositary Share will be equal to 1 1,000th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock, plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without accumulation of any undeclared dividends, on the shares of the Series A Preferred Stock. Whenever we redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock held by the Depositary, the Depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of the Depositary Shares representing shares of the Series A Preferred Stock so redeemed. 
 In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding Depositary Shares, the Depositary Shares to be redeemed will be selected by the Depositary pro rata or by lot. In any such case, the Depositary will redeem the Depositary Shares only in increments of 1,000 shares and any integral multiple thereof. 
 Voting of the Depositary Shares 
 When the Depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the Depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the Depositary Shares. Each record holder of Depositary Shares on the record date, which is the same date as the record date for the Series A Preferred Stock, may instruct the Depositary to vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the holder s Depositary Shares. Although each Depositary Share is entitled to 1 1,000th of a vote, the Depositary can only vote whole shares of Series A Preferred Stock. To the extent possible, the Depositary will vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by the Depositary Shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. We will agree to take all reasonable actions that the Depositary determines are necessary to enable the Depositary to vote as instructed. If the Depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any Depositary Shares, it will not vote the amount of the Series A Preferred Stock represented by such Depositary Shares. 

Form of the Depositary Shares 
 The Depositary Shares were issued in book-entry form through DTC. The Series A Preferred Stock is issued in registered form to the Depositary. 
 Depositary 
 Equiniti Trust Company is the Depositary for the Depositary Shares. 
 III. 4.875 Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 The following description of the 4.875 Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures ), is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Junior Subordinated Indenture, dated as of March 13, 2007 (as supplemented, the Junior Subordinated Indenture ), between American International Group, Inc. and The Bank of New York Mellon, as trustee, which is supplemented by the Third Supplemental Indenture, dated as of March 15, 2007. We encourage you to read the above referenced indenture, as supplemented, for additional information. 
 General 
 The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures were originally issued in an initial aggregate principal amount of 1,000,000,000. We may, without the consent of the holders of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, increase the principal amount of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures by issuing additional debentures on the same terms and conditions (except that the initial public offering price, issue date and initial interest payment date may vary) and with the same CUSIP number, ISIN and common code as the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, provided that the total principal amount of Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures outstanding may not exceed 2,000,000,000 and any further issues must be fungible for United States federal income tax purposes. 
 We will be required to repay the principal amount of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures on March 15, 2037, or, if that date is not a business day, on the next business day (for purposes of this section, the scheduled maturity date only to the extent that we have sold qualifying capital securities during a 180-day period ending on a notice date not more than 30 or less than 10 business days prior to the scheduled maturity date. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts, subject to market disruption events, to sell enough qualifying capital securities to permit repayment of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures in full on the scheduled maturity date. If any amount is not paid on the scheduled maturity date, it will remain outstanding and continue to bear interest at a floating rate and we will continue to use our commercially reasonable efforts to sell enough qualifying capital securities to permit the repayment of any remaining principal amount of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures in full. On March 15, 2067, we must pay any remaining principal and interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures in full whether or not we have sold qualifying capital securities. The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures are our unsecured, subordinated obligations and are junior in right of payment to all of our existing and future senior and subordinated indebtedness. The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures rank pari passu with our Series A-1, Series A-6 and Series A-9 Junior Subordinated Debentures (as used in this section, the outstanding parity securities ). 
 The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures were issued in fully registered form and in denominations that are even multiples of 50,000. 

Interest 
 The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures bore interest from and including March 15, 2007 to but excluding March 15, 2017, at the annual rate of 4.875 , payable annually in arrears on March 15 of each year. Commencing on March 15, 2017, the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures will bear interest from and including March 15, 2017 at a rate equal to three-month EURIBOR plus 1.73 , each payable quarterly in arrears on each March 15, June 15, September 15 and December 15. We refer to these dates as interest payment dates and we refer to the period beginning on and including March 15, 2007 and ending on but excluding the first interest payment date and each successive period beginning on and including an interest payment date and ending on but excluding the next interest payment date as an interest period. The amount of interest payable for any interest period will be computed on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. In the event that any interest payment date would otherwise fall on a day that is not a business day, that interest payment date will be postponed to the next day that is a business day however, if the postponement would cause the day to fall in the next calendar month, the interest payment date will instead be brought forward to the immediately preceding business day. 
 Accrued interest that is not paid on the applicable interest payment date will bear additional interest, to the extent permitted by law, at the interest rate in effect from time to time, from the relevant interest payment date, compounded on each subsequent interest payment date. 
 For the purposes of calculating interest due on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures after March 15, 2017 
 Three-month EURIBOR , with respect to any quarterly interest period, will be the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for deposits in euro for a three-month period that appears on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 as of 11 00 a.m., Brussels time, on the second TARGET settlement day (as defined below for purposes of this section) immediately preceding the first day of such interest period. If the Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 does not include such a rate or is unavailable on such date, the calculation agent (as defined below for purposes of this section) will request the principal London office of each of four major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as selected by the calculation agent (after consultation with us), to provide such bank s offered quotation (expressed as a percentage per annum) as of approximately 11 00 am., Brussels time, on such date, to prime banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market for deposits in an amount in euro that is representative for a single transaction in such market and for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET settlement days after such date. If at least two such offered quotations are so provided, the rate for the interest period will be the arithmetic mean of such quotations. If fewer than two such quotations are so provided, the calculation agent will request each of three major banks in London, as selected by the calculation agent, to provide such bank s rate (expressed as a percentage per annum), as of approximately 11 00 a.m., London time, on such date. Rates quoted will be for loans in euro to leading European banks for a three-month period beginning on the day that is two TARGET settlement days after such date based on a principal amount that is representative of a single transaction in that market at that time. If at least two such rates are so provided, the rate for the interest period will be the arithmetic mean of such rates. If fewer than two such rates are so provided then the rate for the interest period will be the rate in effect with respect to the immediately preceding interest period, or, in the case of the quarterly interest period beginning on March 15, 2017, three-month EURIBOR will be 3.879 . 
 Calculation agent means AIG Financial Products Corp., or any other firm appointed by us, acting as calculation agent. A TARGET settlement day means a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET) System is open. Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 means the display designated on Reuters Screen EURIBOR01 or any successor service or page for the purpose of displaying EURIBOR offered rates of major banks, as determined by the calculation agent. 

All percentages resulting from any calculation of three-month EURIBOR will be rounded upward or downward, as appropriate, to the next higher or lower one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (for example, 9.876541 (or .09876541) would be rounded down to 9.87654 (or .0987654) and 9.876545 (or .09876545) would be rounded up to 9.87655 (or .0987655)). All amounts used in or resulting from any calculation will be rounded upward or downward, as appropriate, to the nearest cent, with one-half cent or more being rounded upward. The establishment of three-month EURIBOR for each interest period by the calculation agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding. 
 In determining three-month EURIBOR during a particular interest period, the calculation agent may obtain rate quotes from various banks or dealers active in the relevant market. Those reference banks and dealers may include the calculation agent itself and our other affiliates. 
 Option to Defer Interest Payments 
 We may elect at one or more times to defer payment of interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures for one or more consecutive interest periods that do not exceed 10 years. We may defer payment of interest prior to, on or after the scheduled maturity date. We may not defer interest beyond March 15, 2067 or the earlier redemption date of any Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures being redeemed. We currently do not intend to exercise our option to defer interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 Deferred interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures will bear interest at the then applicable interest rate, compounded on each interest payment date, subject to applicable law. As used in this section, a deferral period refers to the period beginning on an interest payment date with respect to which we elect to defer interest and ending on the earlier of (i) the tenth anniversary of that interest payment date and (ii) the next interest payment date on which we have paid all accrued and previously unpaid interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 We have agreed in the Junior Subordinated Indenture that 
 immediately following the first interest payment date during the deferral period on which we elect to pay current interest or, if earlier, the fifth anniversary of the beginning of the deferral period, we will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to sell common stock, qualifying warrants and qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock pursuant to the alternative payment mechanism, unless we have delivered notice of a market disruption event, and apply the eligible proceeds, as these terms are defined in the Third Supplemental Indenture to the Junior Subordinated Indenture, to the payment of any deferred interest (and compounded interest) on the next interest payment date, and this requirement will continue in effect until the end of the deferral period and we will not pay deferred interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures (and compounded interest thereon) prior to the final maturity date from any source other than eligible proceeds, unless otherwise required by an applicable regulatory authority, the deferral period is terminated on the interest payment date following certain business combinations described below or an event of default has occurred and is continuing. 
 
 We may pay current interest at all times from any available funds. 
 If we are involved in a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, binding share exchange or conveyance, transfer or lease of assets substantially as an entirety to any other person or a similar transaction (a business combination where immediately after the consummation of the business combination more than 50 of the surviving or resulting entity s voting stock is owned by the shareholders of the other party to the business combination or continuing directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the directors of the surviving or resulting entity, then the foregoing rules will not apply to any deferral period that is terminated on the next interest payment date following the date of consummation of the business combination. For purposes of this section, continuing director means a director who was a director of AIG at the time the definitive agreement relating to the transaction was approved by the AIG board of directors. 
 Although our failure to comply with the foregoing rules with respect to the alternative payment mechanism and payment of interest during a deferral period will be a breach of the Junior Subordinated Indenture, it will not constitute an event of default under the Junior Subordinated Indenture or give rise to a right of acceleration or similar remedy. 

We will give the holders of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures and the indenture trustee written notice of our election to begin a deferral period at least one business day before the record date for the next interest payment date. However, our failure to pay interest on any interest payment date will itself constitute the commencement of a deferral period unless we pay such interest within five business days after the interest payment date, whether or not we provide a notice of deferral. A failure to pay interest will not give rise to an event of default unless we fail to pay interest, including compounded interest, in full for a period of 30 days after the conclusion of a 10-year period following the commencement of any deferral period. 
 If we have paid all deferred interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, we can again defer interest payments on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures as described above. The Junior Subordinated Indenture does not limit the number or frequency of interest deferral periods. 
 Dividend and Other Payment Stoppages during Interest Deferral and under Certain Other Circumstances 
 We have agreed that, so long as any Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures remain outstanding, if an event of default has occurred and is continuing or we have given notice of our election to defer interest payments but the related deferral period has not yet commenced or a deferral period is continuing, then we will not, and will not permit any of our subsidiaries to 
 declare or pay any dividends or distributions on, or redeem, purchase, acquire or make a liquidation payment with respect to, any shares of our capital stock make any payment of principal of, or interest or premium, if any, on, or repay, purchase or redeem any of our debt securities that upon our liquidation rank pari passu with, or junior to, the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures or 
 make any guarantee payments regarding any guarantee by us of the junior subordinated debt securities of any of our subsidiaries if the guarantee ranks pari passu with, or junior in interest to, the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 

The restrictions listed above do not apply to 
 purchases, redemptions or other acquisitions of shares of our capital stock in connection with any employment benefit plan or other compensatory contract or arrangement or the Assurance Agreement, dated as of June 27, 2005, by AIG in favor of eligible employees and relating to specified obligations of Starr International Company, Inc. (as such agreement may be amended, supplemented, extended, modified or replaced from time to time) or a dividend reinvestment, stock purchase plan or other similar plan any exchange or conversion of any class or series of our capital stock (or any capital stock of a subsidiary of AIG) for any class or series of our capital stock or of any class or series of our indebtedness for any class or series of our capital stock or the purchase of fractional interests in shares of our capital stock in accordance with the conversion or exchange provisions of such capital stock or the security being converted or exchanged or any declaration of a dividend in connection with any stockholders rights plan, or the issuance of rights, equity securities or other property under any stockholders rights plan, or the redemption or repurchase of rights in accordance with any stockholders rights plan or any dividend in the form of equity securities, warrants, options or other rights where the dividend stock or the stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, options or other rights is the same stock as that on which the dividend is being paid or ranks on a parity with or junior to such equity securities or any payment during a deferral period of current interest in respect of our debt securities that upon our liquidation rank pari passu with the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures that is made pro rata to the amounts due on such pari passu securities and on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures and any payments of deferred interest on pari passu securities that, if not made, would cause us to breach the terms of the instrument governing such pari passu securities or 
 any payment of principal in respect of pari passu securities having an earlier scheduled maturity date than the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, as required under a provision of such pari passu securities that is substantially the same as the repayment provisions for the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures or any such payment in respect of pari passu securities having the same scheduled maturity date as the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures that is made on a pro rata basis among one or more series of such securities and the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures or 
 any repayment or redemption of a security necessary to avoid a breach of the instrument governing the same. 
 In addition, if any deferral period lasts longer than one year, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries will be permitted to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any securities ranking junior to or pari passu with any APM qualifying securities (for purposes of this section, as defined below under Alternative Payment Mechanism the proceeds of which were used to settle deferred interest during the relevant deferral period until the first anniversary of the date on which all deferred interest has been paid, subject to the exceptions listed above. However, if we are involved in a business combination where immediately after its consummation more than 50 of the surviving or resulting entity s voting stock is owned by the shareholders of the other party to the business combination or continuing directors cease for any reason to constitute a majority of the surviving or resulting entity s board of directors, then the one-year restriction on repurchases described in the previous sentence will not apply to any deferral period that is terminated on the next interest payment date following the date of consummation of the business combination. 

Alternative Payment Mechanism 
 Obligations and Limitations Applicable to All Deferral Periods 
 Subject to the conditions described under Option to Defer Interest Payments above and to the exclusions described in Market Disruption Events below, if we defer interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, we will be required, commencing not later than (i) the first interest payment date on which we elect to pay current interest or (ii) if earlier, the business day following the fifth anniversary of the commencement of the deferral period, to issue APM qualifying securities, as defined below for purposes of this section, subject to the limits described below, until we have raised an amount of eligible proceeds, as defined below for purposes of this section, at least equal to the aggregate amount of accrued and unpaid deferred interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. We refer to this period as the APM period and to this method of funding the payment of accrued and unpaid interest as the alternative payment mechanism. 
 We have agreed to apply eligible proceeds raised during any deferral period pursuant to the alternative payment mechanism to pay deferred interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 Eligible proceeds, for each relevant interest payment date, means the net proceeds (after underwriters or placement agents fees, commissions or discounts and other expenses relating to the issuance or sale) that AIG has received during the 180 days prior to the related distribution date from the issuance of APM qualifying securities to persons that are not subsidiaries of AIG. 
 APM qualifying securities means common stock, qualifying warrants and qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock. 
 Common stock, under the alternative payment mechanism, means shares of AIG common stock, including treasury stock and shares of common stock sold pursuant to AIG s dividend reinvestment plan and employee benefit plans up to the maximum share number, as defined below. 
 Qualifying warrants means net share settled warrants to purchase shares of common stock that 
 have an exercise price greater than the current stock market price of our common stock as of their date of pricing we are not entitled to redeem for cash and the holders are not entitled to require us to repurchase for cash in any circumstances and do not entitle the holders thereof to purchase a number of shares of our common stock in excess of the then applicable maximum warrant number, as defined below. 
 We intend to issue qualifying warrants with exercise prices at least 10 above the current stock market price of our common stock on the date of pricing of the warrants. The current stock market price of our common stock on any date is the closing sale price per share (or if no closing sale price is reported, the average of the bid and ask prices or, if more than one in either case, the average of the average bid and the average ask prices) on that date as reported in composite transactions by the New York Stock Exchange or, if our common stock is not then listed on the New York Stock Exchange, as reported by the principal U.S. securities exchange on which our common stock is traded. If our common stock is not listed on any U.S. securities exchange on the relevant date, the current stock market price will be the average of the mid-point of the bid and ask prices for our common stock on the relevant date from each of at least three nationally recognized independent investment banking firms selected by us for this purpose. 

Qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock means our non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock that (i) contains no remedies other than permitted remedies and (ii)(a) is redeemable, but is subject to intent-based replacement disclosure, as such terms are defined in the Replacement Capital Covenant with respect to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, and has a provision that prohibits AIG from making any distributions thereon upon its failure to satisfy one or more financial tests set forth therein or (b) is subject to a replacement capital covenant substantially similar to the replacement capital covenant applicable to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. We are not permitted to issue qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock for the purpose of paying deferred interest to the extent the net proceeds of such issuance applied to pay interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures pursuant to the alternative payment mechanism, together with the net proceeds of all prior issuances of qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock applied during the current and all prior deferral periods, would exceed 25 of the aggregate principal amount of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures initially issued under the junior debt indenture (the preferred stock issuance cap ). 
 The maximum share number will initially equal 100 million and the maximum warrant number will initially equal 100 million. If the number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock is changed into a different number of shares or a different class by reason of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination, exchange of shares or other similar transaction, then the maximum share number and the maximum warrant number will be correspondingly adjusted. We may, at our discretion and without the consent of the holders of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, increase the maximum share number or the maximum warrant number or both (including through the increase of our authorized share capital, if necessary) if we determine that such increase is necessary to allow us to issue sufficient common stock and or qualifying warrants to pay deferred interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 Additional Limitations Applicable to the First Five Years of Any Deferral Period 
 We may become subject to the alternative payment mechanism prior to the fifth anniversary of the commencement of a deferral period if we elect to pay current interest prior to such date. In such event, we are not required to issue shares of common stock or qualifying warrants under the alternative payment mechanism for the purpose of paying deferred interest during the first five years of that deferral period to the extent the number of shares of common stock issued and the number of shares of common stock subject to such qualifying warrants, together with the number of shares of common stock previously issued and the number of shares of common stock subject to qualifying warrants previously issued during such deferral period to pay interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures pursuant to the alternative payment mechanism would, in the aggregate, exceed 2 of the total number of issued and outstanding shares of our common stock as of the date of our then most recent publicly available consolidated financial statements (the stock and warrant issuance cap ). 
 Once we reach the stock and warrant issuance cap for a deferral period, we will not be required to issue more shares of common stock or qualifying warrants under the alternative payment mechanism during the first five years of such deferral period even if the stock and warrant issuance cap subsequently increases because of a subsequent increase in the number of outstanding shares of our common stock. The stock and warrant issuance cap will cease to apply after the fifth anniversary of the commencement of any deferral period, at which point we must pay any deferred interest regardless of the time at which it was deferred, using the alternative payment mechanism, subject to the limitations described under Obligations and Limitations Applicable to All Deferral Periods above and any market disruption event. In addition, if the stock and warrant issuance cap is reached during a deferral period and we subsequently pay all deferred interest, the stock and warrant issuance cap will cease to apply at the termination of such deferral period, reset to zero and will not apply again unless and until we start a new deferral period. The preferred stock issuance cap, however, does not reset to zero even if we pay all deferred interest and the net proceeds from sales of qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock applied pursuant to the alternative payment mechanism during such deferral period and all prior deferral periods cumulate as qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock is issued to pay deferred interest. 

Remedies and Market Disruptions 
 Although our failure to comply with our obligations with respect to the alternative payment mechanism will breach a covenant under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, it will not constitute an event of default thereunder or give rise to a right of acceleration or similar remedy. 
 If, due to a market disruption event or otherwise, we were able to raise some, but not all, eligible proceeds necessary to pay all deferred interest on any interest payment date, we will apply any available eligible proceeds to pay accrued and unpaid interest on the applicable interest payment date in chronological order based on the date each payment was first deferred, and you will be entitled to receive your pro rata share of any amounts so paid. If, in addition to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, other pari passu securities are outstanding under which we are obligated to sell common stock, qualifying warrants or qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock and apply the net proceeds to the payment of deferred interest or distributions, then on any date and for any period the amount of net proceeds received by us from those sales and available for payment of the deferred interest and distributions shall be applied to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures and those other pari passu securities on a pro rata basis up to, in the case of common stock, the stock and warrant issuance cap and the maximum share number, in the case of qualifying warrants, the stock and warrant issuance cap and the maximum warrant number and, in the case of qualifying non-cumulative preferred stock, the preferred stock issuance cap (or comparable provisions in the instruments governing those pari passu securities) in proportion to the total amounts that are due on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures and such pari passu securities. The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures permit pro rata payments to be made on any other series so long as we deposit with our paying agent or segregate and hold in trust for payment the pro rata proceeds applicable to such series that we have not paid. 

Market Disruption Events 
 A market disruption event means, for purposes of sales of APM qualifying securities pursuant to the alternative payment mechanism or sales of qualifying capital securities, as applicable (collectively, the permitted securities ), the occurrence or existence of any of the following events or sets of circumstances 
 trading in securities generally (or in our shares specifically) on the New York Stock Exchange or any other national securities exchange, or in the over-the-counter market, on which our capital stock is then listed or traded shall have been suspended or its settlement generally shall have been materially disrupted or minimum prices shall have been established on any such exchange or market by the relevant regulatory body or governmental agency having jurisdiction that materially disrupts or otherwise has a material adverse effect on trading in, or the issuance and sale of, permitted securities we would be required to obtain the consent or approval of our stockholders or a regulatory body (including, without limitation, any securities exchange) or governmental authority to issue permitted securities and we fail to obtain that consent or approval notwithstanding our commercially reasonable efforts to obtain that consent or approval an event occurs and is continuing as a result of which the offering document for the offer and sale of permitted securities would, in our reasonable judgment, contain an untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated in that offering document or necessary to make the statements in that offering document not misleading, provided that one or more events described under this bullet point shall not constitute a market disruption event with respect to a period of more than 90 days in any 180-day period 
 we reasonably believe that the offering document for the offer and the sale of permitted securities would not be in compliance with a rule or regulation of the Securities and Exchange Commission (for reasons other than those referred to in the immediately preceding bullet point) and we are unable to comply with such rule or regulation or such compliance is unduly burdensome, provided that one or more events described under this bullet point shall not constitute a market disruption event with respect to a period of more than 90 days in any 180-day period a banking moratorium shall have been declared by the federal or state authorities of the United States that results in a disruption of any of the markets on which our securities are trading a material disruption shall have occurred in commercial banking or securities settlement or clearance services in the United States the United States shall have become engaged in hostilities, there shall have been an escalation in hostilities involving the United States, there shall have been a declaration of a national emergency or war by the United States or there shall have occurred any other national or international calamity or crisis such that market trading in our capital stock has been materially disrupted or there shall have occurred such a material adverse change in general domestic or international economic, political or financial conditions, including without limitation as a result of terrorist activities, or the effect of international conditions on the financial markets in the United States, that materially disrupts the capital markets such as to make it, in our judgment, impracticable or inadvisable to proceed with the offer and sale of the permitted securities. 
 We will be excused from our obligations under the alternative payment mechanism in respect of any interest payment date if we provide written certification to the indenture trustee (which the indenture trustee will promptly forward upon receipt to each holder of record of Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures) no more than 30 and no less than 10 business days in advance of that interest payment date certifying that 
 a market disruption event occurred after the immediately preceding interest payment date and either (a) the market disruption event continued for the entire period from the business day immediately following the preceding interest payment date to the business day immediately preceding the date on which that certification is provided or (b) the market disruption event continued for only part of this period, but we were unable after commercially reasonable efforts to raise sufficient eligible proceeds during the rest of that period to pay all accrued and unpaid interest. 
 We will not be excused from our obligations under the alternative payment mechanism or our obligations in connection with the repayment of principal if we determine not to pursue or complete the sale of permitted securities due to pricing, dividend rate or dilution considerations. 

Limitation on Claims in the Event of Our Bankruptcy, Insolvency or Receivership 
 The Junior Subordinated Indenture provides that a holder of Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, by that holder s acceptance of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, agrees that in the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency or receivership prior to the redemption or repayment of such holder s Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, that holder of Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures will only have a claim for deferred and unpaid interest (including compounded interest thereon) to the extent such interest (including compounded interest thereon) relates to the earliest two years of the portion of the deferral period for which interest has not so been paid. 
 Early Redemption 
 The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 are redeemable, in whole or in part, on any interest payment date on or after March 15, 2017, as described below are redeemable at any time, in whole but not in part, upon the occurrence of a rating agency event or a tax event , as described below are redeemable at any time, in whole but not in part, if we become obligated to pay additional amounts, as described below under Additional Amounts and are not subject to any sinking fund, a holder s right to require us to purchase such holder s Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures or similar provisions. 
 In the case of a redemption on or after March 15, 2017, or if we become obligated to pay additional amounts other than as a result of an event that would, upon receipt of the opinion required under tax event, constitute a tax event, the redemption price will be equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, plus accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. 
 For purposes of the above, a tax event means that we have requested and received an opinion of counsel experienced in such matters to the effect that, as a result of any 
 amendment to or change in the laws or regulations of the United States or any political subdivision or taxing authority of or in the United States that is enacted or becomes effective after the date of the prospectus supplement relating to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures proposed change in those laws or regulations that is announced after the date of the prospectus supplement relating to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures official administrative decision or judicial decision or administrative action or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws or regulations that is announced after the date of the prospectus supplement relating to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures or threatened challenge asserted in connection with an audit of us, or a threatened challenge asserted in writing against any other taxpayer that has raised capital through the issuance of securities that are substantially similar to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 there is more than an insubstantial risk that interest payable by us on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is not, or will not be, deductible by us, in whole or in part, for United States federal income tax purposes. 
 For purposes of the above, a rating agency event means a change by any nationally recognized statistical rating organization within the meaning of Rule 15c3-1 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), that currently publishes a rating for us (a rating agency to its equity credit criteria for securities such as the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures, as such criteria was in effect on the date of the prospectus supplement relating to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures (the current criteria ), which change results in a lower equity credit being given to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures as of the date of such change than the equity credit that would have been assigned to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures as of the date of such change by such rating agency pursuant to its current criteria. 

If less than all of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures are to be redeemed at any time, selection of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures for redemption will be made by the indenture trustee under the Junior Subordinated Indenture in compliance with the rules and requirements of the New York Stock Exchange or the principal securities exchange, if any, on which the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures are listed at the time of redemption or, if the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures are not so listed or that exchange prescribes no method of selection, on a pro rata basis, by lot or by such other method as the indenture trustee may deem fair and appropriate and which may provide for the selection for redemption of a portion of the principal amount of any Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debenture provided that Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures with a principal amount of 50,000 or less will not be redeemed in part. 
 We will issue a notice of redemption at least 10 but not more than 60 days before the redemption date. If any Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures are to be redeemed in part only, the notice of redemption will state the portion of the principal amount thereof to be redeemed. A new Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debenture in principal amount equal to the unredeemed portion thereof will be issued and delivered to the indenture trustee, or its nominee, or, in the case of Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures in definitive form, issued in the name of the holder thereof, in each case upon cancellation of the original Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debenture. 
 Additional Amounts 
 Subject to the exemptions and limitations set forth below, we will pay additional amounts additional amounts on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures with respect to any beneficial owner of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures that is a non U.S. person to ensure that each net payment to that non U.S. person on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures that it beneficially owns will not be less, due to the payment of U.S. withholding tax, than the amount then otherwise due and payable. For this purpose, a net payment on a Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debenture means a payment by us or any paying agent, including payment of principal and interest, after deduction for any present or future tax, assessment, or other governmental charge on the additional amounts. As used in this section, U.S. means the United States of America, including each state of the United States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its possessions, and other areas within its jurisdiction. Additional amounts are included in the interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 We will not be required to make any payment of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge imposed by any government, political subdivision, or taxing authority of that government, except as provided in the prior paragraph. In addition, if we become obligated to pay additional amounts, other than as a result of an event that would, upon receipt of the opinion required under tax event, constitute a tax event, we may redeem the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures at any time in whole but not in part at 100 of their principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest through the date of redemption as described above under Early Redemption. 
 We will not be required to pay additional amounts, however, in any of the circumstances described in items (1) through (13) below. 
 (1) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the beneficial owner 
 having a relationship with the U.S. as a citizen, resident, or otherwise having had such a relationship in the past or being considered as having had such a relationship. 
 (2) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the beneficial owner 
 being treated as present in or engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. being treated as having been present in or engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. in the past or having or having had a permanent establishment in the U.S. 

(3) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the beneficial owner being or having been a 
 personal holding company foreign private foundation or other foreign tax-exempt organization passive foreign investment company controlled foreign corporation or corporation that has accumulated earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax. 
 (4) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the beneficial owner owning or having owned, actually or constructively, 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of our stock entitled to vote. 
 (5) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld solely by reason of the beneficial owner being a bank (i) purchasing Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures in the ordinary course of its lending business or (ii) that is neither (A) buying the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures for investment purposes only nor (B) buying the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures for resale to a third-party that either is not a bank or holding the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures for investment purposes only. 
 For purposes of items (1) through (5) above, beneficial owner includes a fiduciary, settlor, partner, member, shareholder or beneficiary of the holder if the holder is an estate, trust, partnership, limited liability company, corporation or other entity, or a person holding a power over an estate or trust administered by a fiduciary holder. 
 (6) Additional amounts will not be payable to any beneficial owner of a Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debenture that is 
 a fiduciary a partnership a limited liability company another fiscally transparent entity or not the sole beneficial owner of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debenture, or any portion thereof. 
 However, this exception to the obligation to pay additional amounts will apply only to the extent that a beneficiary or settlor in relation to the fiduciary, or a beneficial owner, partner, or member of the partnership, limited liability company or other fiscally transparent entity, would not have been entitled to the payment of an additional amount had the beneficiary, settlor, beneficial owner, partner, or member received directly its beneficial or distributive share of the payment. 
 (7) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld by reason of the failure of the beneficial owner or any other person to comply with applicable certification, identification, documentation or other information reporting requirements. This exception to the obligation to pay additional amounts will apply only if compliance with these reporting requirements is required as a precondition to exemption from such tax, assessment or other governmental charge by statute or regulation of the U.S. or by an applicable income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party. 
 (8) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is collected or imposed by any method other than by withholding from a payment on the applicable Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures by us or any withholding agent (within the meaning of the applicable rules). 

(9) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is imposed or withheld by reason of the presentation by the beneficial owner for payment more than 30 days after the date on which such payment becomes due or is duly provided for, whichever occurs later. 
 (10) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any 
 estate tax inheritance tax gift tax sales tax excise tax transfer tax wealth tax personal property tax or similar tax, assessment, withholding, deduction or other governmental charge. 
 (11) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge required to be withheld by any withholding agent (within the meaning of the applicable rules) from a payment of principal or interest on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures if that payment can be made without such withholding by any other withholding agent. 
 (12) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any tax, assessment or other governmental charge that is required to be made pursuant to any EU Directive on the taxation of savings income or any law implementing or complying with, or introduced to conform to, any such Directive. 
 (13) Additional amounts will not be payable if a payment on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures is reduced as a result of any combination of items (1) through (12) above. 
 As used in this section the term non U.S. person means any person who, for U.S. federal income tax purposes is 
 a nonresident alien individual a foreign corporation a foreign partnership, one or more of the members of which, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is a foreign corporation, a nonresident alien individual or a nonresident alien fiduciary of a foreign estate or trust or a nonresident alien fiduciary of an estate or trust that is not subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis on income or gain from a Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debenture. 
 Events of Default 
 The following events are events of default with respect to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures 
 default in the payment of interest, including compounded interest, in full on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures for a period of 30 days after the conclusion of a 10-year period following the commencement of any deferral period or default in the payment of the principal on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures at the final maturity date or upon a call for redemption or certain events of bankruptcy, insolvency and reorganization involving AIG. 

Remedies If an Event of Default Occurs 
 All remedies available upon the occurrence of an event of default under the junior debt indenture will be subject to the restrictions described below under Subordination. If an event of default occurs, the indenture trustee will have special duties. In that situation, the indenture trustee will be obligated to use its rights and powers under the junior debt indenture, and to use the same degree of care and skill in doing so, that a prudent person would use in that situation in conducting his or her own affairs. If an event of default of the type described in the first bullet point in the definition of that term has occurred and has not been cured, the indenture trustee or the holders of at least 25 in principal amount of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures may declare the entire principal amount of all the then outstanding Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures to be due and immediately payable. This is called a declaration of acceleration of maturity. If an event of default described in the third bullet point in the definition has occurred, the principal amount of all then outstanding Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures will immediately become due and payable. In the case of any other default or breach of the Junior Subordinated Indenture by AIG, including an event of default under the second bullet point in the definition of that term, there is no right to declare the principal amount of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures immediately due and payable. 
 The holders of a majority in aggregate outstanding principal amount of Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures may, on behalf of the holders of all the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures waive any default or event of default, except an event of default under the second or third bullet point above or a default with respect to a covenant or provision which under the Junior Subordinated Indenture cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the holder of each outstanding Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debenture. 
 Except in cases of an event of default, where the indenture trustee has the special duties described above, the indenture trustee is not required to take any action under the junior debt indenture at the request of any holders unless the holders offer the indenture trustee reasonable protection from expenses and liability called an indemnity. If indemnity reasonably satisfactory to the indenture trustee is provided, the holders of a majority in principal amount of the outstanding Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures may direct the time, method and place of conducting any lawsuit or other formal legal action seeking any remedy available to the indenture trustee. These majority holders may also direct the indenture trustee in performing any other action under the Junior Subordinated Indenture with respect to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 Before holders bypass the indenture trustee and bring their own lawsuit or other formal legal action or take other steps to enforce their rights or protect their interests under the Junior Subordinated Indenture, the following must occur 
 a holder of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures must give the indenture trustee written notice that an event of default has occurred and remains uncured the holders of 25 in principal amount of all Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures must make a written request that the indenture trustee take action because of the default, and they must offer reasonable indemnity to the indenture trustee against the cost, expenses and liabilities of taking that action and the indenture trustee must have not taken action for 60 days after receipt of the above notice and offer of indemnity. 
 We will give to the indenture trustee every year a written statement of certain of our officers certifying that to their knowledge we are in compliance with the Junior Subordinated Indenture, or else specifying any default. 
 Subordination 
 Holders of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures should recognize that contractual provisions in the junior debt indenture may prohibit us from making payments on the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures are subordinate and junior in right of payment, to the extent and in the manner stated in the junior debt indenture, to all of our senior debt, as defined in the Junior Subordinated Indenture. 

The Junior Subordinated Indenture defines senior debt as all indebtedness and obligations of, or guaranteed or assumed by, us 
 for borrowed money evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments and that represent obligations to policyholders of insurance or investment contracts 
 in each case, whether existing now or in the future, and all amendments, renewals, extensions, modifications and refundings of any indebtedness or obligations of that kind. Senior debt will also include any subordinated or junior subordinated debt that by its terms is not expressly pari passu or subordinated to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures all guarantees of securities issued by any trust, partnership or other entity affiliated with us that is, directly or indirectly, our financing vehicle and intercompany debt. The Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures will rank pari passu with the outstanding parity securities. The junior debt indenture does not restrict or limit in any way our ability to incur senior debt. 
 Senior debt excludes 
 trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities arising in the ordinary course of business and the outstanding parity securities and any other indebtedness, guarantee or other obligation that is specifically designated as being subordinate, or not superior, in right of payment to the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. 
 As a result, except upon the occurrence of an event described in the next paragraph, the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures will rank equally with trade accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 
 The Junior Subordinated Indenture provides that, unless all principal of and any premium or interest on the senior debt has been paid in full, no payment or other distribution may be made with respect to any Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures in the following circumstances 
 in the event of any insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings, or any receivership, liquidation, reorganization, assignment for creditors or other similar proceedings or events involving us or our assets or any event of default with respect to any senior debt for borrowed money having at the relevant time an aggregate outstanding principal amount of at least 100 million has occurred and is continuing and has been accelerated (unless the event of default has been cured or waived or ceased to exist and such acceleration has been rescinded) or in the event the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures have been declared due and payable prior to March 15, 2067. 
 If the indenture trustee under the Junior Subordinated Indenture or any holders of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures receive any payment or distribution that is prohibited under the subordination provisions, then the indenture trustee or the holders will have to repay that money to the holders of the senior debt. 
 The subordination provisions do not prevent the occurrence of an event of default. This means that the indenture trustee under the Junior Subordinated Indenture and the holders of the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures can take action against us, but they will not receive any money until the claims of the holders of senior debt have been fully satisfied. 
 Concerning the Trustee 
 The Bank of New York Mellon is the trustee under the Junior Subordinated Indenture and also the paying agent and the transfer agent and registrar for the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures. We have entered, and from time to time may continue to enter, into banking or other relationships with The Bank of New York Mellon or its affiliates. 
 Payment and Paying Agents 
 The paying agent for the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures will initially be the indenture trustee. 

N otices 
 We and the indenture trustee will send notices regarding the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures only to holders, using their addresses as listed in the indenture trustee s records. 
 Governing Law 
 The Junior Subordinated Indenture and the Series A-3 Junior Subordinated Debentures are governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.55>
 3
 q42022exhibit1055.htm
 EX-10.55

Document 
 Exhibit 10.55 
 
 Execution Version 

AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT (the Agreement is hereby entered into as of November 10, 2022 (the Effective Date ), by and between American International Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and Peter Zaffino, an individual Executive (hereinafter collectively referred to as the parties ). Where the context requires, references to the Company shall include the Company s subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Company desires to continue to employ Executive for the period provided in this Agreement, and Executive desires to accept such continued employment with the Company, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the respective agreements of the parties contained herein, it is agreed as follows 
 1. Term . The term of Executive s employment under this Agreement (the Employment Term shall be for the period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on the fifth (5 th anniversary of the Effective Date. Thereafter, the Employment Term shall extend only upon the mutual agreement of the parties to renew the Employment Term at least thirty (30) days prior to the end of the Employment Term as then in effect. 

2. Employment . During the Employment Term 
 (a) Executive shall continue to be employed as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and shall report directly to the Board of Directors of the Company (the Board ). Executive shall be nominated to serve as a member of the Board, and, if elected by the shareholders of the Company, shall serve as Chairman of the Board. Executive shall perform the duties, undertake the responsibilities and exercise the authority customarily performed, undertaken and exercised by persons situated in similar executive and director capacities. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Executive s nomination to and service on the Board shall continue to be subject to the voting standards set forth in Section 2.2(f) of the Company s By-Laws (as amended and restated December 9, 2020 and as may thereafter be amended or restated from time to time) (the By-Laws and Article VI.B. of the Company s Corporate Governance Guidelines (effective January 1, 2022 and as thereafter may be amended or restated from time to time), and in the event of Executive s resignation from the Board pursuant to such provisions, Executive shall also resign from his position as President and Chief Executive Officer provided that such resignations shall constitute Good Reason for purposes of Section 7(e) hereof. 
 (b) Excluding periods of vacation and sick leave to which Executive is entitled and other service outside of the Company contemplated in this Section 2(b) , Executive shall devote Executive s full professional time and attention to the business and affairs of the Company to discharge the responsibilities of Executive hereunder. Prior to joining or agreeing to serve on corporate, civil or charitable boards or committees, Executive shall obtain prior approval of the Board or an appropriate committee or delegee thereof provided that Executive shall not need prior approval to continue his service on the boards and similar bodies on which he serves as of the Effective Date. Executive may manage personal and family investments, participate in industry organizations and conferences and deliver lectures at educational institutions, so long as such activities do not interfere with the performance of Executive s responsibilities hereunder. It is understood that, during Executive s employment by or service to the Company, Executive shall not engage in any activities that constitute a conflict of interest with the interests of the Company or its direct and indirect subsidiaries, as outlined in the Company s conflict of interest policies for employees and executives in effect from time to time. 
 2 

(c) Executive shall be subject to and shall abide by each of the personnel policies applicable to senior executives of the Company, including but not limited to any policy restricting pledging and hedging investments in Company equity by Company executives, the AIG Clawback Policy and any additional policies that the Company adopts regarding the recovery of incentive compensation as required by law and applicable listing rules. This Section 2(c) shall survive the termination of the Employment Term. 
 (d) Subject to Sections 7 , 8 and 9 hereof, Executive s employment with the Company is at will, such that each of Executive or the Company has the option to terminate Executive s employment at any time, with or without advance notice, and with or without Cause or with or without Good Reason. 
 3. Annual Compensation . 
 (a) Base Salary . During the Employment Term, Executive shall be paid an annual base salary of 1,500,000 Base Salary ). The Base Salary shall be payable in accordance with the Company s regular payroll practices as then in effect. During the Employment Term, the Base Salary shall be reviewed annually and subject to increase, but not decrease, at the discretion of the Board or the Compensation and Management Resources Committee of the Board (the Committee ), as applicable. 
 (b) Short-Term Incentive Opportunity . 
 (1) Subject to the terms of the Company s Annual Short-Term Incentive Plan (or any successor plan, the STIP as in effect from time to time and the provisions hereof, for each fiscal year of the Company ending during the Employment Term, Executive shall be eligible to receive a target annual cash bonus opportunity of 4,500,000 (such target bonus, as may hereafter be increased, the Target Bonus ). Annual bonuses, if any, shall be determined based on the Board s assessment of applicable corporate and individual performance goals under the STIP and shall be paid in cash at the same time as annual bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company, subject to Executive s continued employment with the Company through December 31 of such performance year, except as set forth in Section 9 hereof provided that in no event will payment be made later than March 1 of the year following such performance year. 
 3 

4. Equity Compensation . 
 (a) Special Award . Effective as of the Effective Date, the Company shall grant Executive a one-time long-term incentive award in the form of restricted stock units RSUs with respect to shares of common stock, par value 2.50 per share, of the Company Shares having a grant date value of 50,000,000 (the Special RSU Grant ). The number of Shares underlying the Special RSU Grant shall be determined based on the average closing price per Share over the first five trading days of the calendar month in which the Effective Date occurs. The Special RSU Grant shall vest and be paid in full on the fifth (5 th anniversary of the Effective Date, subject to Executive s continued employment with the Company through such date (subject to Section 9 hereof). The Special RSU Grant shall be made under the Company s 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan, the Plan and shall be subject to the terms thereof, the terms of the award agreement pursuant to which such award is made and the terms of this Agreement. 
 (b) Annual LTIP Award . Executive shall be eligible to participate in the Company s Long-Term Incentive Program (or any successor program, LTIP on a substantially similar basis as other senior executives of the Company who receive LTIP grants, except as set forth herein. Executive s annual award under the LTIP (commencing with the 2023 fiscal year) shall have a grant date target value of 14,000,000 (the Annual LTIP Award ), which shall be comprised 75 of performance-based RSUs PSUs and 25 of stock options to purchase Shares Options ). Annual LTIP Awards shall be granted under the Plan and shall be subject to the terms thereof, the terms of the award agreements pursuant to which such award is made and the terms of this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Annual LTIP Award shall not be reduced by the Special RSU Grant. 
 5. Stock Ownership Guidelines . Executive agrees to comply with any stock ownership guidelines adopted by the Company applicable to Executive, which shall be on the same terms as other senior executives of the Company, other than the amount that Executive is required to own. 
 4 

6. Other Benefits . During the Employment Term 
 (a) Employee Benefits . Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company, and made available to employees generally (taking into account jurisdictional differences), including, without limitation, all pension, retirement, profit sharing, savings, medical, hospitalization, disability, dental, life or travel accident insurance benefit plans in accordance with the terms of the plans as in effect from time to time. Executive s participation in such plans, practices and programs shall be on the same basis and terms as are applicable to other senior executives of the Company. Executive shall also be eligible to receive any fringe benefits maintained by the Company and made available to other senior executives of the Company. 
 (b) Business Expenses . Upon submission of proper invoices in accordance with, and subject to, the Company s normal policies and procedures as in effect from time to time, Executive shall be entitled to receive prompt reimbursement of all reasonable out-of-pocket business expenses incurred by him in connection with the performance of Executive s duties hereunder. 
 (c) Vacation and Sick Leave . Executive shall be entitled, without loss of pay, to annual vacation and sick leave, in each case in accordance with and subject to the policies as periodically established for other senior executives of the Company provided , however , that any such policies shall not apply to Executive if such amended policies reduce Executive s current level of leave without his prior approval. 
 (d) Company-Provided Transportation . In accordance with the terms of the applicable Company corporate policy(ies) in effect from time to time, to facilitate the performance of Executive s management responsibilities hereunder, Executive shall be required to use Company-provided transportation for all business and personal travel purposes, as set forth in the Company s corporate policy(ies) provided that no amendment to such Company corporate policy(ies) shall adversely affect Executive s rights without Executive s written consent. In the case of flights taken on any corporate aircraft for Executive s personal use, the Company will provide Executive an allowance of 195,000 per year of the aggregate incremental cost to the Company for such flights, and Executive shall be required to reimburse the Company in full for any amounts above 195,000 per year (as determined by the Company in accordance with its regular practices). 
 5 

7. Termination . Executive s employment with the Company hereunder may be terminated under the circumstances set forth below provided , however , that notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required by Section 409A Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), Executive shall not be considered to have terminated employment with the Company for purposes of this Agreement until he would be considered to have incurred a separation from service from the Company within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 (a) Death . Executive s employment shall be terminated as of the date of Executive s death and Executive s beneficiaries shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 9(b) hereof. 
 (b) Disability . The Company may terminate Executive s employment, on written notice to Executive after having established Executive s Disability and while Executive remains disabled, and Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 9(b) hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the LTIP in effect as of the date hereof. 
 6 

(c) Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment for Cause effective as of the date of the Notice of Termination (as defined in Section 8 hereof) and Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 9(a) hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, Cause shall mean (i) Executive s conviction, whether following trial or by plea of guilty or nolo contendere (or similar plea), in a criminal proceeding (A) on a misdemeanor charge involving fraud, false statements or misleading omissions, wrongful taking, embezzlement, bribery, forgery, counterfeiting or extortion that in each case, has had or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on the Company, or (B) on a felony charge or (C) on an equivalent charge to those in clauses (A) and (B) in jurisdictions which do not use those designations (ii) Executive s willful engagement in any conduct which constitutes an employment disqualification under applicable law (including statutory disqualification as defined under the Exchange Act) (iii) Executive s violation of any securities or commodities laws, any rules or regulations issued pursuant to such laws, or the rules and regulations of any securities or commodities exchange or association of which the Company or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates is a member or (iv) Executive s material violation of the Company s codes or conduct or any other Company policy as in effect from time to time provided that Executive shall have thirty (30) days after written notice from the Company to cure the deficiency leading to the Cause determination (except with respect to clause (i) for which no notice is required) if, in the reasonable discretion of the Board, such deficiency is curable. The determination as to whether Cause has occurred shall be made by the Board following a reasonable opportunity for Executive and his counsel to be heard before the Board. The Board shall also have the authority to waive the consequences of the existence or occurrence of any of the events, acts or omissions constituting Cause. No action or inaction shall be deemed willful or intentional if (x) not demonstrably willful or intentional and (y) taken, or not taken, by Executive in good faith and with the understanding that such action, or inaction, was not adverse to the best interests of the Company. 
 (d) Without Cause . The Company may terminate Executive s employment without Cause. The Company shall deliver to Executive a Notice of Termination (as defined in Section 8 hereof) not less than thirty (30) days prior to the termination of Executive s employment without Cause, and Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 9(c) hereof. 
 7 

(e) Good Reason . Executive may terminate Executive s employment for Good Reason (as defined below), and Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 9(c) hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, Good Reason shall mean, without Executive s written consent (i) any reduction in Executive s annual target direct compensation (including annual base salary, short-term incentive opportunity and long-term incentive opportunity) (ii) a failure to timely grant the Special RSU Grant for any reason or a non-compliance with the terms relating thereto, as provided in Section 4(a) hereof (iii) an adverse change in Executive s duties, authorities, responsibilities or reporting relationship (iv) the failure to nominate Executive to the Board or Executive ceasing to serve as Chairman of the Board for any reason (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, due to a termination of employment pursuant to Section 7(c) hereof or due to his removal as a director with cause pursuant to the Company s By-Laws) (v) a relocation of the office at which Executive performs his services to a location that increases his one-way commute by more than fifty (50) miles from his commute in effect as of the Effective Date or (vi) the Company s violation of the terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a termination for Good Reason shall not have occurred unless (A) Executive delivers a Notice of Termination to the Company within thirty (30) days after Executive first becomes aware of the occurrence of the circumstances constituting Good Reason, specifying in detail the circumstances constituting Good Reason, and the Company has failed within thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to cure the circumstances constituting Good Reason, and (B) Executive s separation from service (within the meaning of Section 409A) occurs no later than two (2) years following the initial existence of the circumstances giving rise to Good Reason. 
 (f) Without Good Reason . Executive may voluntarily terminate Executive s employment without Good Reason by delivering to the Company a Notice of Termination not less than twelve (12) months prior to the termination of Executive s employment, and Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 9(a) hereof through the last day of such notice period. 
 (g) Retirement . Executive may terminate Executive s employment upon Retirement by delivering to the Company a Notice of Termination not less than twelve (12) months prior to the termination of Executive s employment, and Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 9(d) hereof. For purposes of this Agreement, Retirement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the LTIP in effect as of the date hereof. 
 (h) Expiration of Employment Term . Executive s employment shall terminate upon expiration of the initial five-year Employment Term, and Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in Section 9(e) hereof. 
 8 

8. Notice of Termination . Any purported termination by the Company or by Executive shall be communicated by written Notice of Termination to the other party hereto. For purposes of this Agreement, a Notice of Termination shall mean a notice which indicates a date of termination (the Termination Date ), the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon and sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of Executive s employment under the provision so indicated. For purposes of this Agreement, no such purported termination of Executive s employment hereunder shall be effective without such Notice of Termination (unless waived by the party entitled to receive such notice). 
 9. Compensation Upon Termination . Upon termination of Executive s employment during the Employment Term, Executive shall be entitled to the following benefits provided , however , that any such benefits to which Executive is hereunder entitled shall be offset by those benefits that Executive receives, if any, under applicable law provided , further , that, effective as of the Effective Date, Executive shall cease participation in the Company s Amended and Restated 2012 Executive Severance Plan and shall not be entitled to receive any payments or benefits thereunder 
 (a) Termination by the Company for Cause or by Executive Without Good Reason . If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause or by Executive without Good Reason, the Company shall pay Executive all amounts earned or accrued hereunder through the Termination Date, including 
 (1) Accrued and unpaid wages due through the Termination Date, payable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices 
 (2) Reimbursement for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by Executive on behalf of the Company for the period ending on the Termination Date, payable in accordance with Company policy 
 (3) Accrued but unused vacation pay 
 (4) Equity and incentive awards, to the extent previously vested, payable or delivered to Executive in accordance with the terms of such awards and 
 (5) Any amount or benefit as provided under any benefit plan or program (the foregoing items in clauses (1) through (5) being collectively referred to as the Accrued Compensation ). 
 (b) Termination by the Company for Disability or Death . If Executive s employment is terminated by the Company for Disability or by reason of Executive s death, then, subject to Section 16(e) hereof, Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in this Section 9(b) . 
 9 

(1) The Company shall pay Executive (or Executive s beneficiaries, as applicable) the Accrued Compensation 
 (2) The Company shall pay to Executive (or Executive s beneficiaries, as applicable) any STIP award earned but unpaid in respect of any fiscal year preceding the Termination Date (subject to Section 10 hereof) at the same time as bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company (but in no event later than March 1 of the year in which Executive s Termination Date occurs) 
 (3) If Executive s termination is due to Executive s Disability, then the Company shall pay to Executive his STIP award in respect of the fiscal year in which Executive s Termination Date occurs in an amount equal to the product of (A) the STIP award that Executive would have been entitled to receive based on actual achievement against the stated performance objectives (the Actual Bonus and (B) a fraction (x) the numerator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year through the Termination Date and (y) the denominator of which is 365 provided that, (i) if the Committee (or, if applicable, the Board) exercises any positive discretion with respect to the payment of STIP awards for such year to other senior executives of the Company, then the same discretion shall be applied to the payment of Executive s Actual Bonus pursuant to this Section 9(b)(3) and (ii) if any of the stated performance objectives were based on Executive s individual performance, then such individual performance objectives shall be deemed to have been achieved at 100 of target levels provided , further , that, in the case of a CIC Covered Termination (as defined below), then in the foregoing calculation, the amount under (A) above shall instead be equal to the greater of (i) Executive s Target Bonus and (ii) Executive s Actual Bonus. Any bonus or incentive award payable to Executive under this clause (3) shall be paid in a lump sum payment at the same time as annual bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company (but in no event later than March 1 of the year following the fiscal year in which Executive s Termination Date occurs) (the Pro Rata Bonus 
 (4) Only if Executive s termination is due to Executive s death, then the Pro Rata Bonus shall equal the product of (A) Executive s Target Bonus and (B) a fraction (x) the numerator of which is the number of days in such fiscal year through the Termination Date and (y) the denominator of which is 365 and 
 10 

(5) Each unvested equity award (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Special RSU Grant) held by Executive at the time of termination shall vest and be paid in full, with any such awards that are subject to performance conditions determined based on actual performance at the end of the applicable performance period provided that, in the event of a termination by reason of Executive s death, any applicable performance conditions shall be deemed to have been earned at target levels provided , further , that any stock options will remain exercisable for the remainder of the option s term (the Equity Acceleration ). 
 For purposes of this Agreement, a CIC Covered Termination shall mean a termination of employment pursuant to Section 7(d) or 7(e) hereof that occurs within twenty-four (24) months following a Change in Control. 
 (c) Termination by the Company Without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason . If Executive s employment by the Company shall be terminated by the Company without Cause or by Executive for Good Reason, then, subject to Section 16(e) hereof, Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in this Section 9(c) . 
 (1) The Company shall pay to Executive any Accrued Compensation 
 (2) The Company shall pay to Executive any STIP award earned but unpaid in respect of any fiscal year preceding the Termination Date (subject to Section 10 hereof) at the same time as STIP awards are paid to other senior executives of the Company (but in no event later than March 1 of the year in which Executive s Termination Date occurs) 
 (3) The Pro Rata Bonus 
 11 

(4) The Company shall pay Executive as severance pay, in lieu of any further compensation (except as provided in this Section 9(c) for the periods subsequent to the Termination Date, an amount in cash, which amount shall be payable in a lump sum payment within sixty (60) days following such termination (subject to Section 10 hereof), equal to the product of (A) one and one-half (1.5) times and (B) the sum of (x) Executive s Base Salary and (y) the average annual short-term incentive bonus actually paid to Executive for the three (3) most recently completed calendar years preceding the year in which Executive s Termination Date occurs (the Average STI Bonus ), in each case, as in effect immediately prior to termination and without regard to any reduction thereto which constitutes Good Reason provided that, in the case of a CIC Covered Termination, then in the foregoing calculation, (i) the amount under (A) shall instead be equal to two (2) and (ii) the amount under (B)(y) shall instead be based on the greater of (I) Executive s Target Bonus and (II) Executive s Average STI Bonus 
 (5) The Equity Acceleration (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Special RSU Grant) and 
 (6) Executive shall receive continued health insurance coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 COBRA for a period equal to the greater of (i) eighteen (18) months (or, in the case of a CIC Covered Termination, twenty-four (24) months) and (ii) as permitted within the requirements under COBRA provided that Executive shall be solely responsible for paying the full cost of the monthly premiums for such COBRA coverage. In addition, Executive shall receive one (1) year of additional service credit and credit for additional age solely for purposes of determining Executive s eligibility to participate in any Company retiree health plan and, if eligible, may choose to participate in any such plan as of his Termination Date at the applicable rate or pay for COBRA coverage, if applicable. If Executive chooses to pay for COBRA coverage and retains such coverage for the full COBRA period, Executive may participate in the applicable Company retiree health plan(s) following the COBRA period. Executive shall also receive a lump-sum payment of 40,000 which may, among other things, be payable towards COBRA healthcare and life insurance coverage after the Termination Date. 
 (d) Retirement . In the event of Executive s Retirement, then, subject to Section 16(e) hereof, Executive shall be entitled to the benefits provided in this Section 9(d) . 
 12 

(1) The Company shall pay Executive the Accrued Compensation 
 (2) The Company shall pay to Executive any STIP award earned but unpaid in respect of any fiscal year preceding the Termination Date (subject to Section 10 hereof) at the same time as bonuses are paid to other senior executives of the Company (but in no event later than March 1 of the year in which Executive s Termination Date occurs) 
 (3) The Pro Rata Bonus 
 (4) The Equity Acceleration (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Special RSU Grant) and 
 (5) Executive shall be eligible for any other payments or benefits in accordance with the terms of an applicable Company benefit plan, program or policy that provides for payments or benefits upon retirement. 
 (e) Expiration of Employment Term . If Executive s employment terminates upon expiration of the initial five-year Employment Term in accordance with Section 1 hereof, then, subject to Section 13(d) and Section 16(e) hereof, the Company shall pay to Executive (a) any Accrued Compensation (b) the Equity Acceleration (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to the Special RSU Grant) and (c) the Pro Rata Bonus. 
 (f) Executive shall not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment provided for under this Section 9 by seeking other employment or otherwise and no such payment shall be offset or reduced by the amount of any compensation or benefits provided to Executive in any subsequent employment. 
 13 

10. Section 409A . The parties intend for the payments and benefits under this Agreement to be exempt from Section 409A or, if not so exempt, to be paid or provided in a manner which complies with the requirements of such section, and intend that this Agreement shall be construed and administered in accordance with such intention. If any payments or benefits due to Executive hereunder would cause the application of an accelerated or additional tax under Section 409A, such payments or benefits shall be restructured in a mutually agreed upon manner that to the extent possible preserves the economic benefit and original intent thereof but does not cause such an accelerated or additional tax. For purposes of the limitations on nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, each payment of compensation under this Agreement shall be treated as a separate payment of compensation. Without limiting the foregoing and notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, to the extent required in order to avoid accelerated taxation and or tax penalties under Section 409A, amounts that would otherwise be payable and benefits that would otherwise be provided pursuant to this Agreement during the six-month period immediately following Executive s separation from service shall instead be paid on the first business day after the date that is six months following Executive s Termination Date (or death, if earlier). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, all (A) reimbursements and (B) in-kind benefits provided under this Agreement shall be made or provided in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A, including, where applicable, the requirement that (x) the amount of expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits provided, during a calendar year may not affect the expenses eligible for reimbursement, or in kind benefits to be provided, in any other calendar year (y) the reimbursement of an eligible expense shall be made no later than the last day of the calendar year following the year in which the expense is incurred and (z) the right to reimbursement or in kind benefits is not subject to liquidation or exchange for another benefit. 
 11. Section 280G . If any amounts payable under this Agreement or under any other agreement, plan or arrangement applicable to Executive (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the value of any acceleration of vesting of equity awards held by Executive), either alone or together with any other payments which Executive is entitled to receive from the Company or any affiliate thereof or otherwise, would constitute an excess parachute payment as defined in Section 280G of the Code Section 280G ), such payments shall be reduced to the largest amount (the Reduced Amount that will result in no portion of such payments being subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code provided, however, that if it is determined that the net after-tax amounts Executive would receive without any such reduction (the Unreduced Amounts ), after taking into account both income taxes and any excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code is greater than the net after-tax amount of the Reduced Amount, Executive will instead receive the Unreduced Amounts. Any such reduction in payments and benefits shall be applied first against the latest scheduled cash payments then current cash payments then any equity or equity derivatives that are included under Section 280G at full value rather than accelerated value then any equity or equity derivatives included under Section 280G at an accelerated value (and not at full value) shall be reduced with the highest value reduced first (as such values are determined under Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1, Q&A 24) and finally any other non-cash benefits shall be reduced. Any determinations pursuant to this Section 11 shall be made by a nationally recognized tax preparation firm. 
 14 

12. Employee Protection . Nothing in this Agreement or otherwise limits Executive s ability to communicate directly with and provide information, including documents, not otherwise protected from disclosure by any applicable law or privilege to the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or any other federal, state or local governmental agency or commission Government Agency regarding possible legal violations, without disclosure to the Company. The Company may not retaliate against Executive for any of these activities, and nothing in this Agreement or otherwise requires Executive to waive any monetary award or other payment that Executive might become entitled to from the SEC or any other Government Agency. Pursuant to Section 7 of the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 (which added 18 U.S.C. 1833(b)), the Company and Executive acknowledge and agree that Executive shall not have criminal or civil liability under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that (A) is made (i) in confidence to a federal, state, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. In addition and without limiting the preceding sentence, if Executive files a lawsuit for retaliation by the Company for reporting a suspected violation of law, Executive may disclose the trade secret to Executive s attorney and may use the trade secret information in the court proceeding, if Executive (X) files any document containing the trade secret under seal and (Y) does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant to court order. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to conflict with 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) or create liability for disclosures of trade secrets that are expressly allowed by such Section. 
 13. Restrictive Covenants . Executive acknowledges and recognizes the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Company, and also acknowledges and recognizes that Executive will have access to and become acquainted with confidential information of the Company, and accordingly agrees as follows 
 15 

(a) This Section 13 is necessary for the protection of the legitimate and protectable business interests of the Company and its affiliates (collectively, AIG in their customers, customer goodwill, accounts, prospects, employee training, and confidential and proprietary information. Executive s employment requires exposure to and use of Confidential, Information (as defined below). Accordingly, Executive agrees that during and after Executive s employment with AIG, Executive will not, directly or indirectly, on Executive s own behalf or on behalf of any other person or any entity other than AIG solicit, contact, call upon, communicate or attempt to communicate with any customer or client or prospective customer or client of AIG, where to do so would require the use or disclosure of Confidential Information (for purposes of this Section 13 , customer or client shall not include insurance brokers). Executive further agrees that during Executive s employment with AIG and for a period of one (1) year after employment terminates for any reason (the Restricted Period ), Executive will not, directly or indirectly, regardless of who initiates the communication, solicit, participate in the solicitation or recruitment of, or in any manner encourage or provide assistance to, any employee, consultant, registered representative, or agent of AIG to terminate his or her employment or other relationship with AIG or to leave its employ or other relationship with AIG for any engagement in any capacity or for any other person or entity. 
 (b) During the term of employment, Executive will have access to and become acquainted with Confidential Information. Executive agrees that during Executive s employment and any time thereafter, all Confidential Information will be treated by Executive in the strictest confidence and will not be disclosed or used by Executive in any manner other than in connection with the discharge of the Employee s job responsibilities without the prior written consent of AIG or unless required by law. Executive further agrees that Executive will not knowingly remove or destroy any Confidential Information either during Executive s employment or at any time thereafter and will return to AIG any Confidential Information in Executive s possession at the end of Executive s employment (or earlier if so requested by the Company). Executive also agrees that during and after Executive s employment with AIG, Executive will not make any disparaging comments about AIG or any of its officers, directors or employees to any person or entity not affiliated with AIG. AIG also agrees that during and after Executive s employment with AIG, it will not make any disparaging comments about Executive. Nothing herein shall prevent Executive from making or publishing any truthful statement (a) when required by law, subpoena or court order, (b) in the course of any legal, arbitral or regulatory proceeding, (c) to any governmental authority, regulatory agency or self-regulatory organization, or (d) in connection with any investigation by AIG. 
 16 

(c) Confidential Information refers to an item of information or a compilation of information in any form (tangible or intangible), related to AIG s business that AIG has not made public or authorized public disclosure of, and that is not generally known to the public through proper means. Confidential Information includes, but is not limited to (a) business plans and analysis, customer and prospective customer lists, personnel, staffing and compensation information, marketing plans and strategies, research and development data, financial data, operational data, methods, techniques, technical data, know-how, innovations, computer programs, un-patented inventions, and trade secrets and (b) information about the business affairs of third parties (including, but not limited to, customers and prospective customers) that such third parties provide to AIG in confidence. The presence of non-confidential items of information within an otherwise confidential compilation of information will not remove the compilation itself (the information in its compiled form) from the protection of this Agreement. Executive acknowledges that items of Confidential Information are AIG s valuable assets and have economic value, actual or potential, because they are not generally known by the public or others who could use them to their own economic benefit and or to the competitive disadvantage of AIG. 
 (d) During the Restricted Period, Executive shall not, directly or indirectly 
 (1) Engage in any Competitive Business (as defined below) 
 (2) Enter the employ of, or render any services to, any person engaged in any Competitive Business 
 (3) Acquire a financial interest (other than passive investments) in, or otherwise become actively involved with, any person engaged in any Competitive Business, directly or indirectly, as an individual, partner, shareholder, officer, director, principal, agent, trustee or consultant or 
 (4) Interfere with business relationships between AIG and customers or suppliers of, or consultants to, AIG 
 provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if Executive s termination of employment is pursuant to Section 9(e) hereof, then this Section 13(d) shall only apply subject to Executive s prior approval and if the Company provides Executive with the benefits he would have received had his termination been pursuant to Section 9(c) hereof (for the avoidance of doubt, subject to Section 16(e) hereof). 
 17 

(e) For purposes of Section 13(d) , a Competitive Business means, as of any date, including during the Restricted Period, any entity (including any joint venture, partnership, firm, corporation or limited liability company) that engages in or proposes to engage in the following activities in any geographical area in which AIG does such business and is 
 (1) a property and casualty insurance company, including a commercial insurance, business insurance, personal insurance and or specialty insurance company and 
 (2) a life and accident and health insurance company (for so long as the Company is the beneficial owner of at least fifty percent (50 of the equity interests of Corebridge Financial, Inc.). 
 (f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Executive may (i) directly or indirectly, own, solely as an investment, securities of any person engaged in the business of AIG which are publicly traded on a national or regional stock exchange or on the over-the-counter market if Executive (A) is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group which controls, such person and (B) does not, directly or indirectly, own one percent (1 or more of any class of securities of such person and (ii) provide services to or acquire a financial interest or become actively involved in an entity that has a unit, division, subsidiary or other line of business or portfolio company engaging in a Competitive Business so long as Executive does not provide services directly to such unit, division, subsidiary or other line of business or portfolio company engaging in the Competitive Business. 
 (g) Executive understands that the provisions of this Section 13 may limit Executive s ability to earn a livelihood in a business similar to the business of the Company but Executive nevertheless agrees and hereby acknowledges that 
 (1) Such provisions do not impose a greater restraint than is necessary to protect the goodwill or other business interests of the Company 
 (2) Such provisions contain reasonable limitations as to time and scope of activity to be restrained 
 (3) Such provisions are not harmful to the general public and 
 18 

(4) Such provisions are not unduly burdensome to Executive. In consideration of the foregoing and in light of Executive s education, skills and abilities, Executive agrees that he shall not assert that, and it should not be considered that, any provision of this Section 13 otherwise is void, voidable or unenforceable or should be voided or held unenforceable. 
 (h) It is expressly understood and agreed that, although Executive and the Company consider the restrictions contained in this Section 13 to be reasonable, if a judicial determination is made by a court of competent jurisdiction that the time or territory or any other restriction contained in this Section 13 or elsewhere in this Agreement is an unenforceable restriction against Executive, the provisions of the Agreement shall not be rendered void but shall be deemed amended to apply as to such maximum time and territory and to such maximum extent as such court may judicially determine or indicate to be enforceable. Alternatively, if any court of competent jurisdiction finds that any restriction contained in this Agreement is unenforceable, and such restriction cannot be amended so as to make it enforceable, such finding shall not affect the enforceability of any of the other restrictions contained herein. 
 (i) This Section 13 shall survive the termination of the Employment Term. 
 14. Remedies for Breach of Obligations under Section 13 . Executive acknowledges that the Company will suffer irreparable injury, not readily susceptible of valuation in monetary damages, if Executive breaches Executive s obligations under Section 13 hereof. Accordingly, Executive agrees that the Company shall be entitled, in addition to any other available remedies, to obtain injunctive relief against any breach or prospective breach by Executive of Executive s obligations under Section 13 hereof. Executive agrees that process in any or all of those actions or proceedings may be served by registered mail, addressed to the last address provided by Executive to the Company, or in any other manner authorized by law. This Section 14 shall survive the termination of the Employment Term. 
 15. Cooperation . 
 (a) Following Executive s termination of employment for any reason, except as provided in Section 12 hereof, Executive agrees to make himself reasonably available to cooperate with the Company and its affiliates in any litigation or regulatory matters that concern the Company and with respect to which Executive may have relevant knowledge. Nothing in this Section 15(a) shall be construed to limit in any way any rights Executive may have at applicable law not to provide testimony with regard to specific matters. 
 19 

(b) The Company will reimburse Executive for any reasonable, out-of-pocket travel, hotel and meal expenses incurred in connection with Executive s performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 15 for which Executive has obtained prior approval from the Company. 
 (c) Nothing in this Agreement or any other agreement by and between the parties is intended to or shall preclude or in any way limit or restrict Executive from acting against Executive s own legal interests or providing accurate and truthful testimony or information to any governmental agency. 
 (d) This Section 15 shall survive the termination of the Employment Term. 
 16. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Successors and Assigns . 
 (1) This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Company, its successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign or delegate any rights or obligations hereunder except to a successor (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and or assets of the Company, as applicable. Except for purposes of determining the occurrence of a Change in Control, the term the Company as used herein shall mean a corporation or other entity acquiring all or substantially all the assets and business of the Company, as the case may be, (including this Agreement) whether by operation of law or otherwise. 
 (2) Neither this Agreement nor any right or interest hereunder shall be assignable or transferable by Executive, Executive s beneficiaries or legal representatives, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. 
 (3) This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by Executive s legal personal representatives. 
 20 

(b) Notice . For the purposes of this Agreement, notices and all other communications provided for in the Agreement (including the Notice of Termination) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when personally delivered or sent by Certified Mail, Return Receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed to the respective addresses last given by each party to each other party provided that all notices to the Company shall be directed to the attention of the General Counsel of the Company. All notices and communications shall be deemed to have been received on the date of delivery thereof or on the third business day after the mailing thereof, except that notice of change of address shall be effective only upon receipt. 
 (c) Indemnity Agreement . The Company agrees to indemnify and hold Executive harmless to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the Company s charter and by-laws for actions taken as a director or officer of the Company, as in effect at the time of the subject act or omission. In connection therewith, the Company will provide Executive with director and officer liability insurance coverage (including post-termination post-director service tail coverage) on the same basis as the Company s other directors and officers. The Company agrees to cause any successor to all or substantially all of the business or assets (or both) of the Company to assume expressly in writing and to agree to perform all of the obligations of the Company in this Section 16(c) . This provision shall survive any termination of the Employment Term. 
 (d) Withholding . The Company shall be entitled to withhold the amount, if any, of all taxes of any applicable jurisdiction(s) required to be withheld by an employer with respect to any amount paid to Executive hereunder. The Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall make all determinations as to whether it is obligated to withhold any taxes hereunder and the amount hereof. 
 21 

(e) Release of Claims . The termination benefits described in Sections 9(b) through 9(e) hereof (in each case, other than with respect to Accrued Compensation) shall be conditioned on Executive delivering to the Company, and not revoking, a signed release of claims acceptable to the Company within fifty-five (55) days following Executive s Termination Date provided , however , that Executive shall not be required to release any rights Executive has to be indemnified by the Company under Section 16(c) hereof. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event shall the timing of Executive s execution of the release, directly or indirectly, result in Executive designating the calendar year of payment, and, to the extent required by Section 409A, if a payment that is subject to execution of the release could be made in more than one taxable year, payment shall be made in the later taxable year. Where applicable, references to Executive in this Section 16(e) shall refer to Executive s representative or estate. 
 (f) Modification . No provision of this Agreement may be modified, waived or discharged unless such waiver, modification or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by Executive and the Company. No waiver by either party hereto at any time of any breach by the other party hereto of, or compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party shall be deemed a waiver of similar or dissimilar provisions or conditions at the same or at any prior or subsequent time. No agreement or representations, oral or otherwise, express or implied, with respect to the subject matter hereof have been made by any party which are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. 
 (g) Arbitration . If any legally actionable dispute arises under this Agreement or otherwise which cannot be resolved by mutual discussion between the parties, then the Company and Executive each agree to participate in the Company s Employment Dispute Resolution program, which provides for various ways to address work-related disputes, including mediation and arbitration, through the American Arbitration Association. 
 22 

(h) Effect of Other Law . Anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the terms of this Agreement shall be modified to the extent required to meet the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Section 409A, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act or other law applicable to the employment arrangements between Executive and the Company. Any delay in providing benefits or payments or any failure to provide a benefit or payment shall not in and of itself constitute a breach of this Agreement provided , however , that the Company shall provide economically equivalent payments or benefits to Executive to the extent permitted by law as soon as practicable after such benefits or payments are due. Any request or requirement that Executive repay compensation that is required under the first sentence of this Section 16(h) , or pursuant to a Company policy that is applicable to other senior executives of the Company and that is designed to advance the legitimate corporate governance objectives of the Company, shall not in and of itself constitute a breach of this Agreement. 
 (i) Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the State of New York applicable to contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within such State, without giving effect to the conflict of law principles thereof. 
 (j) No Conflicts . As a condition to the effectiveness of this Agreement, Executive represents and warrants to the Company that he is not a party to or otherwise bound by any agreement or arrangement (including, without limitation, any license, covenant, or commitment of any nature), or subject to any judgment, decree, or order of any court or administrative agency, that would conflict with or will be in conflict with or in any way preclude, limit or inhibit Executive s ability to execute this Agreement or to carry out Executive s duties and responsibilities hereunder. In the event that the Company determines that Executive s duties hereunder may conflict with an agreement or arrangement to which Executive is bound, Executive shall be required to cease engaging in any such activities, duties or responsibilities (including providing supervisory services over certain subsets of the Company s business operations) and the Company will take steps to restrict Executive s access to, and participation in, any such activities. Any actions taken by the Company under this Section 16(j) to restrict or limit Executive s access to information or provision of services shall not constitute Good Reason for purposes of Section 7(e) hereof. 
 (k) Severability . The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. 
 23 

17. Entire Agreement . This Agreement (together with the AIG Code of Conduct) constitutes the entire agreement between the parties hereto and supersedes all prior agreements, if any, understandings and arrangements, oral or written, between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof, including without limitation Executive s Offer Letter with the Company dated February 11, 2021, the Non-Solicitation and Non-Disclosure Agreement executed by Executive on July 5, 2017 and any term sheets or other similar presentations. 
 18. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, any one of which need not contain signatures of more than one party, but all of which taken together will constitute one and the same Agreement. Signatures transmitted via facsimile or PDF shall be deemed the equivalent of originals. 
 Remainder of page left intentionally blank 
 24 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Employment Agreement as of the day and year first above written, to be effective as of the Effective Date. 
 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. By s Luciana Fato Name Luciana Fato Title Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Global Head of Communications and Government Affairs 
 EXECUTIVE By s Peter Zaffino Name Peter Zaffino Title President & Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Employment Agreement 

</EX-10.55>

<EX-10.56>
 4
 q42022exhibit1056.htm
 EX-10.56

Document 
 Exhibit 10.56 

AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. 
 2021 OMNIBUS INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RSU AWARD AGREEMENT 
 1. Status of Award Defined Terms . American International Group, Inc. AIG has awarded you restricted stock units (the Award pursuant to the AIG 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the Plan ). This award agreement Award Agreement ), which sets forth the terms and conditions of your Award, is made pursuant to the Plan and this Award and Award Agreement are subject to the terms of the Plan. Capitalized terms not defined in this Award Agreement have the meanings ascribed to them in the Plan. 
 2. Award . 
 (a) Award of RSUs. AIG hereby awards you the number of restricted stock units RSUs specified in Schedule A . You are also entitled to receive dividend equivalent rights in the form of cash in accordance with Section 2(b) below. Each RSU constitutes an unfunded and unsecured promise of AIG to deliver (or cause to be delivered) one share of AIG Common Stock Share in accordance with the Plan. Until such delivery, you have only the rights of a general unsecured creditor, and no rights as a shareholder, of AIG. Your RSUs will vest and be paid in accordance with the schedule specified in Schedule A , subject to your continued Employment through the vesting date set specified in Schedule A , subject to earlier vesting, forfeiture or termination as provided in Section 3 below. On any payment date, the number of Shares to be issued under this Award Agreement shall be rounded down to the nearest whole Share. 
 (b) Dividend Equivalents. If any cash dividend is declared on Shares with a record date that occurs during the period between the Date of Award specified in Schedule A (the Grant Date and the date on which Shares are delivered to you with respect to the RSUs, you will accrue, with respect to each RSU granted hereunder, a Dividend Equivalent Unit (as defined below) in the form of additional RSUs. The number of Dividend Equivalent Units that you will accrue will be equal to (1) the cash dividend amount per Share times (2) the number of RSUs (including both the RSUs awarded at the Grant Date, and any RSUs accrued through the issuance of prior Dividend Equivalent Units under this Award Agreement) divided by the Fair Market Value of one Share on the applicable dividend record date. Dividend Equivalent Units will vest and be settled in cash at the same time, and subject to the same terms and conditions, as the RSUs. For purposes of this Award Agreement, a Dividend Equivalent Unit is the unfunded and unsecured promise of AIG to settle, at the time set forth in this Section 2(b), in cash the additional RSUs that accrued from cash dividends that were declared for AIG shareholders pursuant to this Section 2(b). 
 3. Termination of Employment Change in Control . 
 (a) Termination Generally. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 3, if your Employment is terminated for any reason, then any unvested RSUs shall immediately terminate and be forfeited. 

(b) Without Cause, Good Reason, Death or Disability. Subject to Section 3(f), in the case of a termination of your Employment by AIG without Cause or due to your Disability, by you for Good Reason or due to your death (each as defined in the Employment Agreement entered into as of November 10, 2022, by and between AIG and you (your Employment Agreement )), the RSUs will immediately vest and be paid in full as promptly as administratively practicable following the termination date and no later than 60 days thereafter. 
 (c) Retirement. Subject to Section 3(f), in the case of a termination of your Employment upon Retirement (as defined in your Employment Agreement), the RSUs will immediately vest and be paid in full as promptly as administratively practicable following the termination date and no later than 60 days thereafter. 
 (d) Expiration of Employment Term. Subject to Section 3(f), in the case of a termination of your Employment upon expiration of the Employment Term (as defined in your Employment Agreement), the RSUs will immediately vest and be paid in full as promptly as administratively practicable following the termination date and no later than 60 days thereafter. 
 (e) Change in Control. In the event of a Change in Control, the provisions of Sections 3(b), 3(c) and 3(d) above will continue to apply following (and notwithstanding the occurrence of) such Change in Control. 
 (f) Release. The vesting of the RSUs and the delivery of Shares hereunder as described in Sections 3(b) through (d) above shall be conditioned on you delivering to AIG, and not revoking, a signed release of claims acceptable to AIG within fifty-five (55) days following the date of termination of your Employment provided , however , that you will not be required to release any rights you have to be indemnified by AIG under your Employment Agreement. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, in no event will the timing of your execution of the release, directly or indirectly, result in you designating the calendar year of the delivery of Shares hereunder, and, to the extent required by Section 409A, if such delivery of Shares could be made in more than one taxable year, payment shall be made in the later taxable year. Where applicable, references to you in this Section 3(f) will refer to your representative or estate. 
 4. Restrictive Covenants . You acknowledge and recognize the highly competitive nature of the businesses of the Company, and also acknowledge and recognize that Executive will have access to and become acquainted with confidential information of the Company, and accordingly agree that, as a condition to receipt of the Award, you shall continue to be bound by the terms of Sections 12 through 15 of your Employment Agreement (and any other confidentiality, non-competition, non-solicitation or similar restrictive covenants to which you may be subject) and that such terms shall be incorporated by reference as is set forth herein in full. 
 5. Notice of Termination of Employment . Except where local law prohibits enforcement, you agree that if you voluntarily terminate your Employment without Good Reason or if you terminate your Employment upon your Retirement (each as defined under your Employment Agreement), you will give at least twelve (12) months written notice to the Company of your termination, which such notice will be provided in accordance with the terms of your Employment Agreement. This notice period provision supersedes any conflicting notice period provision contained in the award agreements governing your prior long-term incentive awards awarded under the Plan. 

6. Amendments . The Committee will have the power to amend the Plan in any manner and at any time provided, however , that no such amendment may be made, in the absence of your written consent, if the amendment is adverse to your rights with respect to the RSUs. 
 7. Clawback Repayment . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, in consideration of the grant of this Award, you agree that you are a Covered Employee under the AIG Clawback Policy (as may be amended from time to time) with respect to this Award and any payments hereunder and, accordingly, this Award and any payments hereunder will be subject to forfeiture and or repayment to the extent provided for in the AIG Clawback Policy, as in effect from time to time, if it is determined that a Covered Event (as defined in such policy as in effect from time to time) has occurred. 
 8. Tax Withholding . The delivery of Shares under this Award is conditioned on your satisfaction of any applicable withholding taxes in accordance with, as applicable, Section 3.2 of the Plan, as amended from time to time, or such similar provision of any successor stock incentive plan. 
 9. No Rights to Other Payments . The provisions of this Agreement provide you no right or eligibility to any other payouts from AIG or its subsidiaries under any other alternative plans, schemes, arrangements or contracts AIG may have with any employee or group of employees of AIG or its subsidiaries. 
 10. No Effect on Benefits . The grant of this Award and the delivery of Shares hereunder will constitute a special discretionary incentive payment to you and will not be required to be taken into account in computing the amount of your salary or compensation for the purpose of determining any contributions to or any benefits under any pension, retirement, profit-sharing, bonus, life insurance, severance or other benefit plan of AIG or any of its subsidiaries or under any agreement between you and AIG, unless AIG or the subsidiary with which you are Employed specifically provides otherwise. 
 11. Section 409A . This Award and Award Agreement is intended to be exempt from, or otherwise comply with, Section 409A and shall be interpreted, administered and construed to the maximum extent permitted by law in accordance with such intent. The Committee will have full authority to give effect to the intent of this Section 11. If any payment or delivery to be made under this Award would be subject to the limitations in Section 409A(a)(2)(b) of the Code, the payment or delivery will be delayed until six (6) months after your separation from service (or earlier death) in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A. Each payment or delivery in respect of this Award will be treated as a separate payment or delivery for purposes of Section 409A. 
 12. Waiver of Claims . In consideration of your receipt of this Award, you expressly waive any right to contest the amount of this Award, the terms of this Agreement or the Plan, any determination, action or omission hereunder by the Committee or the Company or any amendment to the Plan, provided, however , that no such amendment may be made, in the absence of your written consent, if the amendment is adverse to your rights with respect to the RSUs. 

13. Entire Agreement . The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. This Award Agreement, the Plan, the personalized information in Schedule A , and such other documents as may be provided to you pursuant to this Award Agreement regarding any applicable service, performance or other vesting conditions and the size of your Award, constitute the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior understandings and agreements with respect to such subject matter. 
 14. Notices . Any notice or communication required to be given or delivered to the Company under the terms of this Award Agreement shall be in writing (which may include an electronic writing) and addressed to the General Counsel of AIG at its principal corporate offices or, with respect to the acceptance of an Award, as specified in Schedule A or the Compensation Plan Grant Acceptance website. Any notice required to be given or delivered to you shall be in writing (including an electronic writing) and addressed to you at your Company email address or your home address on file in the Company s payroll or personnel records. All notices shall be deemed to have been given or delivered upon personal delivery electronic delivery or three (3) business days after deposit in the United States mail by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested) or one (1) business day after deposit with any return receipt express courier (prepaid). 
 15. Governing Law . This Award Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 
 16. Signatures . Execution of this Award Agreement by AIG and or you may be in the form of an electronic, manual or similar signature, and such signature shall be treated as an original signature for all purposes. 

Remainder of page left intentionally blank 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. has caused this Award Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as of the Date of Award specified in Schedule A . 
 
 AMERICAN INTERNATIONAL GROUP, INC. s Luciana Fato By Luciana Fato Title Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Global Head of Communications and Government Affairs 

Signature Page to RSU Award Agreement 

Schedule A 
 Long-Term Incentive Award (Special RSUs) 
 Recipient Peter Zaffino Employee ID 5281095 Date of Award November 10, 2022 RSUs 864,902 Vesting 
 The RSUs vest in full on November 10, 2027, subject to your continued employment through such date, but subject to early vesting to the extent set forth in Section 3 of the Award Agreement. 
 Payment Delivery of Vested Shares 
 As promptly as administratively practicable following vesting and no later than December 31, 2027, but subject to early payment to the extent set forth in Section 3 of the Award Agreement. 

In order to be eligible to receive your Award, you must electronically consent to your Award Agreement on UBS One Source within 90 days of the receipt of this communication. If you do not electronically consent to the Award Agreement within 90 days, AIG may forfeit your Award. 

</EX-10.56>

<EX-18>
 5
 q42022exhibit18.htm
 EX-18

Document 
 Exhibit 18 

February 17, 2023 
 
 Board of Directors 
 American International Group, Inc. 
 1271 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 
 Dear Directors 
 We are providing this letter to you for inclusion as an exhibit to American International Group, Inc. s (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 
 We have audited the consolidated financial statements included in the Form 10-K and issued our report thereon dated February 17, 2023. Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements describes a change in accounting principle to align the fiscal year of certain foreign subsidiaries with the Company s fiscal year. It should be understood that the preferability of one acceptable method of accounting over another for inclusion of subsidiaries at dates other than that of the consolidated parent has not been addressed in any authoritative accounting literature, and in expressing our concurrence below we have relied on management s determination that this change in accounting principle is preferable. Based on our reading of management s stated reasons and justification for this change in accounting principle in the Form 10-K, and our discussions with management as to their judgment about the relevant business planning factors relating to the change, we concur with management that such change represents, in the Company s circumstances, a change to a preferable accounting principle in conformity with Accounting Standards Codification 250, Accounting Changes and Error Corrections . 
 Very truly yours, 
 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 
 New York, NY 
 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, 300 Madison Avenue, New York, New York 10017 
 T 646 471 3000 F 813 286 6000 Rightfax, www.pwc.com us 

</EX-18>

<EX-21>
 6
 q42022exhibit21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

American International Group, Inc., and Subsidiaries 
 Subsidiaries of Registrant 
 Exhibit 21 
 
 Percentage of Voting Securities Jurisdiction of held by Incorporation or Immediate As of December 31, 2022 Organization Parent (1) 
 American International Group, Inc. Delaware (2) 
 AIG Employee Services, Inc. Delaware 100 AIG Federal Savings Bank Delaware 100 AIG Financial Products Corp. Delaware 100 AIG Matched Funding Corp. Delaware 100 AIG-FP Pinestead Holdings Corp. Delaware 100 AIG Markets, Inc. Delaware 100 AIG Global Operations, Inc. Delaware 100 AIG Property Casualty Inc. Delaware 100 AIG Claims, Inc. Delaware 100 AIG PC Global Services, Inc. Delaware 100 AIG Global Operations (Ireland) Limited Ireland 100 AIG Property Casualty International, LLC Delaware 100 AIG Insurance Management Services, Inc. Vermont 100 Grand Isle SAC Limited Bermuda 100 AIG International Holdings GmbH Switzerland 100 AIG APAC HOLDINGS PTE. LTD. Singapore 100 AIG Asia Pacific Insurance Pte. Ltd. Singapore 100 AIG Australia Limited Australia 100 AIG Insurance Hong Kong Limited Hong Kong 100 AIG Insurance New Zealand Limited New Zealand 100 AIG Korea Inc. Korea, Republic of 100 AIG Malaysia Insurance Berhad Malaysia 100 AIG Philippines Insurance, Inc. Philippines 100 AIG Vietnam Insurance Company Limited Vietnam 100 PT AIG Insurance Indonesia Indonesia 100 AIG Insurance (Thailand) Public Company Limited Thailand 100 AIG Canada Holdings Inc. Canada 100 AIG Insurance Company of Canada Canada 100 AIG Europe Holdings S.a.r.l Luxembourg 100 AIG Europe S.A. Luxembourg 100 AIG Global Reinsurance Operations Belgium 100 AIG Holdings Europe Limited England and Wales 100 AIG Israel Insurance Company Ltd Israel 100 American International Group UK Limited England 100 AIG Investments UK Limited England and Wales 100 Talbot Holdings Ltd. Bermuda 100 Talbot Underwriting Holdings Ltd. England and Wales 100 Talbot Underwriting Ltd. England and Wales 100 AIG Japan Holdings Kabushiki Kaisha Japan 100 AIG General Insurance Co., Ltd. Japan 100 American Home Assurance Co., Ltd. Japan 100 AIG Latin America Investments, S.L. Spain 100 Inversiones Segucasai, C.A. Venezuela 100 C.A. de Seguros American International Venezuela 95 

Percentage of Voting Securities Jurisdiction of held by Incorporation or Immediate As of December 31, 2022 Organization Parent (1) 
 AIG Brazil Holding I, LLC Delaware 100 AIG Seguros Brasil S.A. Brazil 90.56 (3) 
 AIG Resseguros Brasil S.A. Brazil 100 AIG Insurance Company-Puerto Rico Puerto Rico 100 AIG Latin America I.I. Puerto Rico 100 AIG Seguros Mexico, S.A. de C.V. Mexico 100 AIG-Metropolitana Cia. de Seguros y Reaseguros S.A. Ecuador 51.78 AIG MEA Holdings Limited United Arab Emirates 100 AIG Egypt Insurance Company S.A.E. Egypt 95.08 AIG Lebanon SAL Lebanon 100 AIG MEA Limited United Arab Emirates 100 AIG Kenya Insurance Company Limited Kenya 66.67 Johannesburg Insurance Holdings (Proprietary) Limited South Africa 100 AIG Life South Africa Limited South Africa 100 AIG South Africa Limited South Africa 100 AIG Travel, Inc. Delaware 100 AIG Travel Assist, Inc. Delaware 100 AIG Travel Asia Pacific Pte. Ltd. Singapore 100 AIG Travel Assist Malaysia Sdn. Bhd. Malaysia 100 AIG Travel EMEA Limited England and Wales 100 Travel Guard Group Canada, Inc. Groupe Garde Voyage du Canada, Inc. Canada 100 Travel Guard Group, Inc. Wisconsin 100 American International Reinsurance Company, Ltd. Bermuda 100 Validus Holdings, Ltd. Bermuda 100 Validus Reinsurance, Ltd. Bermuda 100 Validus Holdings (UK) Ltd. England and Wales 100 Validus Reinsurance (Switzerland) Ltd Switzerland 100 Validus Ventures Ltd. Bermuda 100 AlphaCat Managers Ltd. Bermuda 100 PCG 2019 Corporate Member Limited England and Wales 100 AIG Property Casualty U.S., Inc. Delaware 100 AIG Aerospace Insurance Services, Inc. Georgia 100 AIG Assurance Company Illinois 100 AIG Property Casualty Company Illinois 100 AIG Specialty Insurance Company Illinois 100 AIG WarrantyGuard, Inc. Delaware 100 AIU Insurance Company New York 100 American Home Assurance Company New York 100 AIG Insurance Company China Limited China 100 Commerce and Industry Insurance Company New York 100 Eaglestone Reinsurance Company Pennsylvania 100 Arthur J. Glatfelter Agency, Inc. Pennsylvania 100 Glatfelter Underwriting Services, Inc. Pennsylvania 100 Volunteer Firemen's Insurance Services, Inc. Pennsylvania 100 Granite State Insurance Company Illinois 100 Illinois National Insurance Co. Illinois 100 Lexington Insurance Company Delaware 100 National Union Fire Insurance Company of Pittsburgh, Pa. Pennsylvania 100 American International Realty LLC Delaware 100 

Percentage of Voting Securities Jurisdiction of held by Incorporation or Immediate As of December 31, 2022 Organization Parent (1) 
 National Union Fire Insurance Company of Vermont Vermont 100 New Hampshire Insurance Company Illinois 100 Risk Specialists Companies Insurance Agency, Inc. Massachusetts 100 Service Net Warranty, LLC Delaware 100 The Insurance Company of the State of Pennsylvania Illinois 100 Crop Risk Services, Inc. Illinois 100 Western World Insurance Company New Hampshire 100 Stratford Insurance Company New Hampshire 100 Tudor Insurance Company New Hampshire 100 Lexington Specialty Insurance Agency, Inc. Delaware 100 AM Holdings LLC Delaware 100 Blackboard U.S. Holdings, Inc. Delaware 100 Blackboard Specialty Insurance Company Delaware 100 Blackboard Insurance Company Delaware 100 Corebridge Financial, Inc. Delaware 77.7 AIG Life Holdings, Inc. Texas 100 AGC Life Insurance Company Missouri 100 AIG Life of Bermuda, Ltd. Bermuda 100 American General Life Insurance Company Texas 100 SunAmerica Asset Management, LLC Delaware 100 AIG Capital Services, Inc. Delaware 100 The United States Life Insurance Company in the City of New York New York 100 The Variable Annuity Life Insurance Company Texas 100 VALIC Financial Advisors, Inc. Texas 100 Valic Retirement Services Company Texas 100 AIG Technologies, Inc. New Hampshire 100 SAFG Capital LLC Delaware 100 AIG Global Asset Management Holdings Corp. Delaware 100 AIG Asset Management (Europe) Limited England and Wales 100 AIG Asset Management (U.S.), LLC Delaware 100 AIG Global Real Estate Investment Corp. Delaware 100 AIGGRE Europe Real Estate Fund I GP S.a r.l. Luxembourg 100 AIGGRE U.S. Real Estate Fund I GP, LLC Delaware 100 AIGGRE U.S. Real Estate Fund II GP, LLC Delaware 100 AIGGRE Europe Real Estate Fund II GP S.a r.l. Luxembourg 100 AIGGRE U.S. Real Estate Fund III GP, LP Delaware 100 AIGGRE U.S. Real Estate Fund IV GP, LLC Delaware 100 AIG Life Limited England and Wales 100 Laya Healthcare Limited Ireland 100 (1) Percentages include directors' qualifying shares. (2) Substantially all subsidiaries listed are consolidated in the accompanying financial statements. Certain subsidiaries have been omitted from the tabulation. The omitted subsidiaries, when considered in the aggregate, do not constitute a significant subsidiary. (3) Also owned 9.44 percent by AIG Brazil Holding II, LLC. 

</EX-21>

<EX-23>
 7
 q42022exhibit23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

Exhibit 23 
 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No.333-253312) and Forms S-8 (No.333-31346, No.333-101640, No.333-168679, No.333-219180 and No. 333-256033) of American International Group, Inc. of our report dated February 17, 2023 relating to the financial statements, financial statement schedules and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, which appears in this Form 10-K. 
 s PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 
 New York, New York 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 8
 q42022exhibit31.htm
 EX-31

Document 

Exhibit 31 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Peter Zaffino, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American International Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 17, 2023 
 
 S PETER ZAFFINO Peter Zaffino 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Sabra Purtill, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American International Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 17, 2023 
 
 S SABRA PURTILL Sabra Purtill Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 9
 q42022exhibit32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 CERTIFICATION 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American International Group, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Peter Zaffino, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 17, 2023 
 
 S PETER ZAFFINO Peter Zaffino Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

CERTIFICATION 
 In connection with this Annual Report on Form 10-K of American International Group, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sabra Purtill, Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that to my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date February 17, 2023 

S SABRA PURTILL Sabra Purtill Executive Vice President and Interim Chief Financial Officer 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 aig-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 aig-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 aig-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 aig-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 aig-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

