<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1843477_0001104659-23-037862.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5192176</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>589298</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>904587</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1519936</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>896032</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1183403</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-037862.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230328215939
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-037862
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		47
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230328

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001843477
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41529
		FILM NUMBER:		23771581

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2100 MCKINNEY AVE., SUITE 1675
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201
		BUSINESS PHONE:		214-308-5230

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2100 MCKINNEY AVE., SUITE 1675
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-037862.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 svii-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 75201 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Not Applicable (Former name or former address, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No The registrant was not a public company at June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, and therefore it cannot calculate the aggregate market value of its voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates at such date. The registrant s units began trading on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq on October 13, 2022 and the registrant s ordinary shares began separate trading on the Nasdaq on October 28, 2022. The aggregate market value of the registrant s ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, at December 30, 2022, computed by reference to the closing price of Class A ordinary shares reported on the Nasdaq on such date, was approximately . As of March 27, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the registrant s Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS iii PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 1 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 22 ITEM 1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 57 ITEM 2 PROPERTIES. 57 ITEM 3 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 57 ITEM 4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 57 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 58 ITEM 6 [RESERVED] 59 ITEM 7 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 59 ITEM 7A QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 64 ITEM 8 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 64 ITEM 9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 64 ITEM 9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 64 ITEM 9B OTHER INFORMATION. 65 ITEM 9C DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 65 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 66 ITEM 11 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 74 ITEM 12 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. 75 ITEM 13 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 76 ITEM 14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 77 PART IV ITEM 15 EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 78 ITEM 16 FORM 10 K SUMMARY. 79 SIGNATURES 80 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the company Class A ordinary share are to our Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share; Class B ordinary share and founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, initially issued to our Sponsor in a private placement prior to our Initial Public Offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares Companies Act are to the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time initial business combination or business combination means a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses Initial Public Offering means our initial public offering on October 17, 2022 of 23,000,000 units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of its over-allotment option in the amount of 3,000,000 units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000 management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any, as well as warrants to be issued to our Sponsor, its affiliates or permitted designees at our Sponsor s option upon extension of our initial time period to complete our initial business combination public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our Initial Public Offering (whether they were purchased in our Initial Public Offering or thereafter in the open market) and for the avoidance of doubt, do not include the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our Sponsor and management team to the extent our Sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our Sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares Right are to the rights issued as part of the Units in our Initial Public Offering, each Right entitles the holder to one-tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of the initial business combination; Sponsor are to Spring Valley Acquisition Sponsor II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Unit are to the Units issued in our Initial Public Offering consisting of one Class A ordinary share, one Right, and one-half of one redeemable public warrant; and we, us, our, company or our company are to Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 
 Any forfeiture of shares described in this Report will take effect as a surrender of shares for no consideration of such shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Any conversion of the Class B ordinary shares described in this Report will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Any share dividends described in this Report will take effect as share capitalizations as a matter of Cayman Islands law. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses our ability to complete our initial business combination our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination our pool of prospective target businesses the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities our public securities potential liquidity and trading the lack of a market for our securities the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties our financial performance following our Initial Public Offering; or the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Report, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward- looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Report. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Report. We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Past performance by our Team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us, and we may be unable to provide positive returns to shareholders. Our expectations regarding changes in the Sustainability industry may not materialize to the extent we expect, or at all. Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target and may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. Because our trust account will initially contain 10.25 per Class A ordinary share, public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares at the time of our initial business combination. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) after the closing of the Initial Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares, rights or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) following the closing of the Initial Public Offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, rights or public warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. The public warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. The nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor for the founder shares may significantly dilute the implied value of your public shares in the event we consummate an initial business combination, and our Sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us in the event we consummate an initial business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline materially. Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. 
 v 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS. General We are a blank check company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on January 19, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as our initial business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. We will seek to capitalize on the significant experience and vast network of our management team (including our board of directors) and Pearl Energy Investment Management, LLC Pearl, and together with our management team, our Team to complete our initial business combination. Although we may pursue our initial business combination in any business, industry or geographic location, we currently intend to focus on opportunities that capitalize on the expertise and ability of our Team, particularly our executive officers, to identify, acquire and operate a business in the broadly-defined sustainability industry. Our Team has been investing and advising in the sustainability sector for over 25 years and our targeted sectors include, but are not limited to, renewable energy (with a focus on solar and wind, energy storage and other decarbonization technologies), resource optimization (including energy efficiency and digitization), environmental services (including waste management, pollution control and recycling) and grid infrastructure (technologies to support an aging and intermittent grid) (collectively, Sustainability in the United States and other developed countries. We believe our Team s collective background and the favorable macroeconomic and social trends disrupting the Sustainability industry will provide an opportunity to execute a potentially transformational business combination. We believe that there are significant attractive investment opportunities focused on improving the planet that are centered around a core sustainability theme. Growth in the Sustainability industry is driven by a series of macroeconomic and social trends. Macroeconomic trends contributing to growth in the Sustainability industry include urbanization, population growth, increased government spending and increased regulatory requirements at the federal, state and local level. In addition, various social trends, such as the increased focus on Environmental, Social and Governance ESG practices and business models as well as ESG increasingly becoming a core mandate for fund managers, are leading to an increased global focus on sustainability. As a result, we believe the Sustainability industry has the potential to undergo profound changes similar to other industries in the past, such as the transportation industry with airline deregulation in the 1970s and telecom industry following the emergence of wireless technology in the 1990s. We believe that we are well-positioned to identify attractive businesses in the Sustainability industry that would benefit from access to the public markets and the diverse skill set of our management team. We intend to focus on evaluating established companies with leading competitive positions, experienced management teams, attractive financial profiles and robust long-term potential for growth and profitability. We believe many businesses in the Sustainability industry could benefit from access to the public markets but have been unable to do so due to a number of factors, including the time it takes to conduct a traditional initial public offering, market volatility and pricing uncertainty. Our objective is to consummate our initial business combination with such a business and enhance stakeholder value by identifying and recruiting management, pursuing additional acquisitions, implementing operational improvements and expanding its product offerings and geographic footprint. We intend to utilize our Team s experience, reputation and contacts across the industry to achieve this objective. Our Team We are supported by Pearl, a Dallas, Texas-based investment firm with 1.7 billion of committed capital under management as of June 2022. Pearl was founded by William Quinn in 2015 and focuses on partnering with best-in-class management teams to invest in the North American energy industry, typically targeting opportunities requiring 25 million to 100 million of equity capital. Over the course of their careers, the principals at Pearl have executed on billions of dollars of aggregate transaction value through direct investment, financing and acquisitions, with experience spanning venture to late stage buyout and across all parts of the business cycle. We are further supported by our team of advisors from leading global companies with experience in a wide range of subsectors and functional areas. This support is intended to provide us with access to their expertise and extensive industry networks from which we plan to source and evaluate targets as well as devise plans to optimize any business that we acquire. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 Business Strategy Our acquisition and value creation strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a Sustainability-focused company that builds upon the vast industry experience and expertise of our Team. We expect to develop our pipeline of opportunities for a potential business combination through our management team s over 100 cumulative years of experience, deep relationships and extensive network of corporate executives, board members, venture capital and private equity firms, family offices, investment bankers, lawyers, investors and other service providers to the Sustainability industry. We have an extensive history of launching successful investment platforms through proactive and highly selective sourcing of potential targets by analyzing the entire value chain to determine the best balance of risk and reward segment. Utilizing this approach, we have helped build large public and private platforms in the global sustainability and energy markets. Our selection process will leverage our Team s broad and deep relationship network, distinct industry experiences and extensive deal-sourcing capabilities to access a broad spectrum of differentiated opportunities. We expect to develop this network through our Team s broad experience, with demonstrated success in both investing in and operating businesses across a variety of industries and at numerous stages of these companies life cycles. We have developed a distinctive combination of capabilities, which includes: an established record of building industry-leading companies and strong ability to deliver shareholder value over an extended time period experience using acquisitions to grow companies during periods of both economic growth and decline by using extensive deal-sourcing and differentiated transaction execution/structuring capabilities experience deploying value creation strategies, including recruiting talented personnel, implementing system upgrades with the back-office systems, and delivering operating efficiency by implementing an analytical based approached to business metrics and extensive capital markets experience across various business cycles, including financing businesses and assisting companies with transition to public ownership. 
 We intend to focus our efforts on opportunities where our Team s strategic vision, operating expertise, deep relationships and capital markets experience can be catalysts to enhance the growth, competitive position and financial upside in an initial business combination. We intend to identify and execute an initial business combination within the Sustainability industry in the United States or other developed countries, although we may pursue targets in any business, industry, sector, or geographical location. Our Team has an established history in identifying and capitalizing on key trends that have shaped the global sustainability and energy markets and has helped build leading platforms to scale within the marketplace. Our Competitive Strengths Our intent is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company that complements the experience of our Team and can benefit from our distinct combination of skills in investing, financing, advising and operating. Our Team has a substantial deal-making skillset developed throughout their collective careers and has created significant shareholder value across several high-profile transactions, including: As lead investor in 2006, Mr. Sorrells brought together a combination of strategic and financial partners to lead a 100 million investment for the sole purpose of creating Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: REGI), one of the largest global biodiesel and renewable diesel companies. At the time, this investment was noted as one of the largest investments in biodiesel in North America and helped transform an emerging industry into a growing and vibrant sector. Renewable Energy Group, Inc. s revenues grew from approximately 85 million in 2008 to over 3.0 billion in 2021 via organic growth and an aggressive acquisition strategy. In addition, the stock price for Renewable Energy Group, Inc. appreciated significantly since its initial public offering in January 2012 of 10 per share to the 61.50 acquisition price paid by Chevron. From 2008 to 2012, as Chief Executive Officer and director, Mr. Thompson successfully led Power- One, Inc. through restructuring, and helped the company increase its revenue from approximately 537.5 million in 2008 to approximately 1 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 billion in 2012 and become one of the largest renewable energy inverter suppliers worldwide. In July 2013, Mr. Thompson successfully completed the sale of Power-One, Inc. to ABB (NYSE: ABB) for over 1 billion in equity value. In 2007, as Chief Financial Officer of American Power Conversion Corporation (Nasdaq: APCC), Mr. Thompson helped negotiate the sale of the company to Schneider Electric SA (Paris: SU.PA) for approximately 6 billion in enterprise value. Mr. Buzby has spent the last 20 years of his career innovating business models and financial structures to accelerate the adoption of clean energy. As the founding investor, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer at SunEdison (NASDAQ: SUNE), Mr. Buzby created the commercial solar PPA in 2002, building one of the largest commercial solar developers before its sale to MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc. in 2009. Utilizing that knowledge in 2007 to help launch SunRun as an investor and director with a residential version of the PPA, Mr. Buzby helped create a leading market share in residential solar in the United States in 2018 with an approximately 6.0 billion market capitalization as of January 2022 (NASDAQ: RUN). The increasing adoption of solar energy that he pioneered allowed Mr. Buzby to become the founding investor, and now Chairman, of Stem, Inc. (NYSE: STEM), so that solar, wind and energy storage resources could be increasingly scaled and integrated with the broader infrastructure again creating a market-leading company. Stem, Inc. completed a merger with Star Peak Energy Transition Corp. in April 2021. Dr. Youngblood s 20 years of scientific research in the fields of immunology and molecular genetics as well as her specialties including biotech/life sciences, education and consulting combined with her functional expertise in environment and conservation as well as research and development provide a foundation to assist the Company in analyzing next generation sustainability companies targeting our end markets. Many of our potential deals will involve either a technology and/or science angle and her ability to help think through the challenges and provide industry contacts will be invaluable. In addition, her passion for conservation and sustainability has enabled her to create a strong network of professionals, deal makers, and service providers in our target industries which provides us potential deal flow, assistance with due diligence, industry consultants, and potential board members for our target acquisition post close. 
 Among these transactions, we have helped pioneer business models and technologies and have deployed assets that have changed the way we produce or transport energy and power while contributing to the significant growth in clean energy and power. We expect to draw upon this vast set of experiences with a goal of affecting a business combination and build a market-leading business. With respect to the above, past performance of our Team or their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) success with respect to a business combination that may be consummated or (ii) the ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction. You should not rely on the historical record of our Team or their respective affiliates as indicative of future performance. Industry Opportunity We believe our Team s extensive and diversified experience in Sustainability will help us to effectively evaluate targets across the Sustainability industry. We believe Sustainability is attractive for a number of reasons: Large Target Market . According to estimates from the International Renewable Energy Agency, between 2016 and 2050, global cumulative investments in renewables could total approximately 13 trillion, while cumulative investments in energy efficiency could total approximately 29 trillion. We believe this growth is driven by continued innovation that has reduced capital costs versus incumbent processes as well as a global acceleration in electrification. For instance, in the clean energy industry, the cost of large-scale and residential photovoltaic solar power has decreased 82 and between 47 to 80 (depending on the region), respectively, since 2010, according to the International Renewable Energy Agency. This cost reduction in large-scale photovoltaic installations makes it less expensive to build and operate a solar installation than a coal fired power plant in many parts of the world. In addition, according to industry sources, the trend towards electrification in mobility has pushed passenger electric vehicle sales from 450,000 cars in 2015 to 2.1 million in 2019 and is expected to account for 54 million cars, or approximately 58 , of new car sales by 2040. Favorable Trends . The Sustainability industry is defined by significant growth in a set of dynamic and changing industries. We believe the significant growth in Sustainability is driven by a series of macroeconomic and social trends. Macroeconomic trends contributing to growth in the Sustainability industry include urbanization, population growth, increased government spending and increased regulatory requirements at the federal, state and local level. In addition, various social trends, such as the increased focus on ESG practices and business models as well as ESG increasingly becoming a core mandate for fund managers, are leading to an increased global focus on Sustainability, climate change and a reduced carbon footprint. We believe an ESG focus is becoming 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 engrained in the fabric of socially conscious corporations, and that ESG standards are becoming an increasingly common benchmarking criteria for prospective employees. Broad Universe of Targets . We intend to focus our investment effort across the broad Sustainability industry. We believe the anticipated growth in the industry and the related sectors will present a substantial number of actionable opportunities with the required scale that fit our acquisition criteria. According to industry source Pitchbook, there were over 10,800 companies operating in the Sustainability industry as of February 2022. High Barriers to Entry . Success in Sustainability is driven by a myriad of global regulations, government spending and technological breakthroughs. We believe our Team s experience in the Sustainability industry over the past 25 years provides a significant amount of proprietary domain expertise and know-how in evaluating investment opportunities in a difficult-to-navigate industry. Further, our Team has spent considerable time navigating the complex regulatory environment inherent in the Sustainability industry, and its familiarity with the nuances of the regulatory aspect of the industry provides a differentiated competitive advantage. Investment Approach Our Team has commenced an extensive outreach program to its network and industry relationships to articulate the parameters for our search for a target company and a potential business combination and begin the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. We intend to capitalize on the following competitive advantages in our pursuit of a target company: Proactive and Proprietary Transaction Sourcing . We believe that our management team s over 100 cumulative years of deal experience, history of building leading platforms, proactive approach to sourcing transactions, and extensive network of relationships will provide the potential to access numerous investment opportunities. We believe our Team s deep industry expertise across Sustainability industries and throughout the capital structure makes a business combination with us an attractive option for Sustainability companies seeking capital solutions. Data Driven Analysis of Potential Opportunities . We believe that our Team has an established record of generating investment opportunities. Within targeted subsectors, we expect to employ an initial review of the entire value chain to determine the best risk / reward profiles of the subsector. In addition, we expect to analyze current trends, develop investment theses and create strategies for originating and evaluating investment opportunities. This research-oriented, data-intensive process would allow us to proactively identify trends, find opportunities and execute transactions ahead of potential competitors. Execution and Structuring Capability . We believe that our Team s transaction experience and reputation allow it to source and complete transactions requiring complex problem-solving skills and insight. Our Team has helped create several multi-billion dollar public and private companies that required these skills and deep industry insights. These types of transactions are typically complex and require creativity, industry knowledge and expertise, rigorous due diligence and extensive negotiation and documentation. Our Team has experience investing in many Sustainability-focused industries and has developed operational expertise at companies at varying stages of their life cycles. We plan to utilize this experience to help us generate investment opportunities with attractive risk / reward profiles based on their valuations, structural characteristics and relatively low levels of financial leverage. Significant Value-Add Capability . We believe the industry expertise and broad network of relationships of our Team will allow it to add significant value and therefore be a key selling point to attract high caliber acquisition targets. We plan to market our Team to potential target companies in a number of capacities, including: (i) assisting in setting strategic direction and priorities (ii) designing specific performance- improvement projects (iii) helping to identify and recruit managers (iv) advising on acquisition and financing transactions (v) contributing market information (vi) positioning the company products and services with customers and various stakeholders and (vii) developing a targeted investor relations program. Furthermore, our Team is also experienced in navigating complex regulatory issues that impact many companies that are part of certain subsectors within the Sustainability industry. Our Team believes that its ability to identify and implement value creation initiatives has been an essential driver of past performance and will remain central to our acquisition strategy. Broad and Extensive Experience in Both Public and Private Markets . Our Team has decades of combined operating, investing and financing experience across both public and private markets. We have created some of the leading Sustainability companies both in the public and private sector with significant revenue growth in target industries. We believe that this versatility of experience and complementary skills will help us to identify companies that could make successful public market candidates and prepare them to make the transition to robust publicly traded companies. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Business Combination Criteria Consistent with our strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses and, in evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. Sustainability Focus . We intend to focus on sustainable businesses positioned to benefit from macroeconomic and social trends impacting the economy. Established Businesses and Recognized Market Leaders . We expect to target businesses that are market leaders in their respective subsectors within the Sustainability industry, and may be better positioned to endure economic downturns, changes in the industry landscape and evolving customer, supplier and competitor preferences. Benefit from Being a Public Company . We intend to acquire one or more businesses that will benefit from being publicly traded and can effectively utilize the broader access to capital and the public profile that are associated with being a publicly traded company. Experienced Management Team . We will seek to partner with an experienced target team that can benefit from the distinct investment, advisory, operational experience, and contacts of our Team in the Sustainability industry. Attractive Financial Profile . We will seek to acquire a business that has strong recurring revenues, a margin profile with high steady-state margins or high incremental margins, and / or compelling long- term growth prospects. Leader in Technology Driven Transformation . We will seek to acquire a business or entity with a technological advantage that provides a high barrier to entry for new entrants, a defensible position in intellectual property and presents a low or manageable risk of technological obsolescence. Middle Market Businesses . We believe targeting businesses or entities in the middle market will provide the greatest number of opportunities for investment and will maximize the network, contacts and experience of our Team. It may also provide the optimal platform for further consolidation. Strong Free Cash Flow Generation or Near-Term Potential . We will seek to acquire a business or entity that already generates, or has the potential to generate, consistent and stable free cash flow. 
 We plan to utilize our Team s extensive network of contacts, which provides access to differentiated deal flow and significant deal-sourcing capabilities, and use these criteria and guidelines to evaluate acquisition opportunities. However, we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet these criteria and guidelines. These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that from time to time our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials that we would file with the SEC. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our directors and officers directly or indirectly, own founder shares and/or private placement warrants and, accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our Sponsor could potentially make a substantial profit on its investment even if the trading price of our ordinary shares significantly declines. See Risk Factors The nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor for the founder shares may significantly dilute the implied value of your public shares in the event we consummate an initial business combination, and our Sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us in the event we consummate an initial business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline materially. Further, such officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor and its affiliates manage numerous investment vehicles, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and if pursued by them we may be precluded from such opportunities for our initial business combination. In addition, certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including fiduciary or contractual obligations with respect to Climate, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to such officer s and director s fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Nasdaq ), our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of net assets test. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. If our securities are not then listed on the Nasdaq for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net assets test. We have until 15 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination one time by an additional three months (for a total of 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to complete an initial business combination), without submitting such proposed extension to our shareholders for approval or offering our public shareholders redemption rights in connection therewith. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination for an additional three months, our Sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account 2,300,000 0.10 per Class A ordinary 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 share), on or prior to the 15 month anniversary of the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan that will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. Such loan may be converted into additional private placement warrants upon the consummation of our initial business combination, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of our Sponsor. We will issue a press release announcing any extension, at least three days prior to the deadline. In addition, we will issue a press release the day after the deadline, announcing whether the funds have been timely deposited. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we do not complete a business combination, we will not repay such loans. We will only be able to effectuate one such extension and only for an additional three months in total. Our Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Other Considerations We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Our Sponsor and its affiliates manage numerous investment vehicles, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and if pursued by them we may be precluded from such opportunities for our initial business combination. In addition, certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including fiduciary and contractual duties to Climate. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Our Sponsor, officers and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. Any such companies, including Climate, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not currently expect that any such other special purpose acquisition company, including Climate, would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Mr. Sorrells plans to devote a portion of his time sourcing sustainability-focused investments for Pearl s private equity funds. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds will make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates does not equal or exceed 250.0 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or exceed 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of any reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison or our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Financial Position As of December 31, 2022, we had 237,438,356 held in the trust account, including funds to cover for the 8,050,000 of deferred underwriting fees, which has not been paid as of December 31, 2022. With these funds available for a business combination, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following our Initial Public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We have not engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any suitable acquisition candidate, to conduct any research or take any measures, directly or indirectly, to locate or contact a target business, other than our officers and directors. Accordingly, there is no current basis for investors in our Initial Public Offering to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial business combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential availability of the backstop arrangement with our Sponsor, we are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the changes that those risks will adversely affect a target business. Sources of Target Businesses We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment market participants, private equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay an affiliate of our Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our Sponsor for any out-of- pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Certain of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including fiduciary and contractual duties to Climate and other entities that are affiliates of our Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Under the Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial business combination if, for example: We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding (other than in a public offering for cash) Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or in the consideration to be paid in the transaction and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares, or securities convertible into or exercisable for ordinary shares, could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more or The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to: the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed business combination other time and budget constraints of the company and additional legal complexities of a proposed business combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders. 
 Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares, rights or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination. Such a purchase would include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act, or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 account will be used to purchase public shares, rights or warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. The purpose of any such transactions could be to (i) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding and/or increase the likelihood of approval on any matters submitted to the public warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination, (iii) reduce the number of rights outstanding and/or increase the likelihood of approval on any matters submitted to the rights holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iv) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated transactions by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A ordinary shares) following our mailing of tender offer or proxy materials in connection with our initial business combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private transaction, they would identify and contact only potential selling or redeeming shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the general meeting related to our initial business combination. Our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on the negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will be restricted from purchasing shares if such purchases do not comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will be restricted from making purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. We expect any such purchases would be reported by such person pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount deposited in the trust account is at the closing of our Initial Public Offering was approximately 10.25 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our rights or public warrants. Further, subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (as further described under Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination ), we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with the Nasdaq rules. If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law, our corporate governing documents or applicable stock exchange rules require a different vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial purchaser s founder shares, we would need 7,666,667, or 33.33 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), or none (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 23,000,000 public shares sold in our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial shareholders, 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we have only 15 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to consummate our initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 15 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination one time by an additional three months (for a total of 18 months from the closing of our Initial Public Offering to 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 complete an initial business combination), without submitting such proposed extension to our shareholders for approval or offering our public shareholders redemption rights in connection therewith. Pursuant to the terms of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement entered into between us and Continental Stock Transfer Trust, in order to extend the time available for us to consummate our initial business combination for an additional three months, our Sponsor or its affiliates or designees must deposit into the trust account 2,300,000 0.10 per Class A ordinary share), on or prior to the 15 month anniversary of the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan that will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of our initial business combination. Such loan may be converted into additional private placement warrants upon the consummation of our initial business combination, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of our Sponsor. We will issue a press release announcing any extension, at least three days prior to the deadline. In addition, we will issue a press release the day after the deadline, announcing whether the funds have been timely deposited. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. If we do not complete a business combination, we will not repay such loans. We will only be able to effectuate one such extension and only for an additional three months in total. Our Sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our rights or warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our Sponsor, any executive officer or director or any other person. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 2,000,000 held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.25. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.25. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Guggenheim Securities, LLC will not execute an agreement with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third- party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.25 per public share. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the Underwriters against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to approximately 1.7 million of proceeds held outside the trust account (as of December 31, 2022 with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.25 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Indemnity Our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 2100 McKinney Ave, Suite 1675, Dallas, TX 75201. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Website We maintain a corporate website at www.sv-ac.com. Our website and information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this Report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities Employees We currently have two executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We registered our units, Class A ordinary shares, rights and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We will be required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. On October 12, 2022, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and expect to receive, after the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this Report forms a part, a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Law (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our Initial Public Offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion (as adjusted for inflation pursuant to SEC rules from time to time), or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates does not equal or exceed 250.0 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or exceed 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of any 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison or our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report and the final prospectus associated with our Initial Public Offering, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are an exempted company, formed on January 19, 2021 under the laws of the Cayman Islands and have no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our Team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us, and we may be unable to provide positive returns to shareholders. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our Team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our Team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our management has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. Our expectations regarding changes in the Sustainability industry may not materialize to the extent we expect, or at all. We expect favorable changes and growth in the Sustainability industry based on certain macroeconomic and social trends as well as certain assumptions. These macroeconomic and social trends and assumptions relate to, among other things, population growth, increased government spending in the Sustainability industry, increased regulatory requirements at the federal, state and local level and increased focus on ESG practices and business models. No assurance can be given that these trends and assumptions, or that our expectations surrounding the Sustainability industry, will be accurate. Further, unanticipated events and circumstances may occur and change the outlook surrounding the Sustainability industry in material ways. Accordingly, our expectations of growth in the Sustainability industry may occur to a different extent or at a different time, or may not occur at all. If our expectations surrounding certain favorable changes in the Sustainability industry do not occur to the degree that we expect, or at all, our ability to find a suitable initial business combination target and consummate an initial business combination may be hindered or delayed. Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. If our board of directors determines to complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our Sponsor beneficially owns, on an as-converted basis, approximately 24.6 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our Sponsor and members of our management team also may from time to time purchase ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law, our corporate governing documents or applicable stock exchange rules require a different vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 6,666,668 or 33.3 of the 20,000,000 public shares sold our Initial Public Offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. We expect that our Sponsor and members of our management team and their permitted transferees will own at least 25 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares at the time of any such shareholder vote. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our Sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target and may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 following such redemptions (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third- party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commission payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. Because our trust account initially contained 10.25 per Class A ordinary share, public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares at the time of our initial business combination. Our trust account initially contained 10.25 per Class A ordinary share. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies for which the trust account will only contain 10.00 per Class A ordinary share. As a result of the additional funds that could be available to public shareholders upon redemption of public shares, our public shareholders may be more incentivized to redeem their public shares and not to hold those Class A ordinary shares through our initial business combination. A higher percentage of redemptions by our public shareholders could make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) after the closing of our Initial Public Offering may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the recent coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that has, and in the future could, adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors, limit the ability to conduct due diligence, or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of and perceptions to COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 or other infectious diseases may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) after the closing of our Initial Public Offering, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.25 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) after the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein, including as a result of terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of infectious diseases. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses and which interest shall be net of taxes payable), divided by the number of the then-issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.25 per public share, or less than 10.25 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.25 per public share and other risk factors herein. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares, rights or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our securities. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase public shares, rights or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation or duty to do so. Any such price per share may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases. Additionally, at any time at or prior to our initial business combination, subject to applicable securities laws (including with respect to material nonpublic information), our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may enter into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire public shares, vote their public shares in favor of our initial business combination or not redeem their public shares. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares, rights or warrants in such transactions. The purpose of any such transactions could be to (1) increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding and/or increase the likelihood of approval on any matters submitted to the public warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination (3) reduce the number of rights outstanding and/or increase the likelihood of approval on any matters submitted to the rights holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (4) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our securities may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Additionally, in the event our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following: our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares, rights or warrants from public shareholders outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases if our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our securities purchased by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights and we would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material items: the amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, along with the purchase price 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 the purpose of the purchases by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates the impact, if any, of the purchases by our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood that the business combination transaction will be approved the identities of our security holders who sold to our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold to our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates and the number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer. 
 See Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our Sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.25 per public share and other risk factors herein. If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) following the closing of our Initial Public Offering, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, as of December 31, 2022, approximately 1.69 million is available to us outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that, upon the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) following the closing of our Initial Public Offering however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we may use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.25 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.25 per public share and other risk factors herein. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially increase the costs and time required to negotiate and complete an initial business combination and could potentially impair our ability to complete an initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. 
 In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: registration as an investment company with the SEC adoption of a specific form of corporate structure and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 15 months from the closing of our initial public offering (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination), our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private or early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company, an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings. As a result, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our directors and officers will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business with which we pursue a business combination. Additionally, very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing and seeking targets for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after our Initial Public Offering, which may include acting as M A advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after our Initial Public Offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage one or more of our underwriters or one of their respective affiliates from our Initial Public Offering to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing M A advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing transactions. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation provided that no agreement will be entered into with any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to any of the underwriters or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of this Report, unless the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA determines that such payment would not be deemed underwriters compensation in connection with our Initial Public Offering. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred underwriting commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. Risks Relating to our Securities and Trust Account If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or public rights or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of rights and public warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the rights and warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares, rights or public warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units have been approved for listing on the Nasdaq and we intend to apply to have our Class A ordinary shares and public warrants listed on the Nasdaq on or promptly after their date of separation. Although after giving effect to our Initial Public Offering we expect to meet, on a pro forma basis, the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the Nasdaq listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in shareholders equity (generally 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the Nasdaq initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the Nasdaq continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the Nasdaq. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our shareholders equity would generally be required to be at least 5.0 million and we would be required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. If the Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over- the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities reduced liquidity for our securities a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities a limited amount of news and analyst coverage and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares, rights and public warrants will be listed on the Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares, rights and public warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet of the company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our Initial Public Offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest and other income earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our Initial Public Offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write- offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.25 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, due to claims of such creditors, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.25 per public share initially held in the trust account. Pursuant to the letter agreement the form of which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement of which this Report forms a part, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.25 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.25 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.25 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.25 per public share. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.25 per share. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro- rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.25 per share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such period before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are required to hold an annual general meeting no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to elect directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to elect directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We are not registering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreements, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their public warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in our Initial Public Offering. In such an instance, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. The public warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the public warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your public warrants for securities pursuant to the public warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the public warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 The grant of registration rights to our Sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may enhance the potential dilution to our public shareholders. Pursuant to an agreement entered into on the effective date of our Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Further, the market price of our Class A ordinary shares might also be adversely affected by the fact that the founder shares held by our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers may become transferable earlier than one year after the completion of our initial business combination if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, which represents a relatively small premium compared to the initial public offering price of our units of 10.00 per unit. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities beneficially owned by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2022, there are 277,000,000 and 22,333,333 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding rights, warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. As of December 31, 2022, there are no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our Initial Public Offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares, rights and/or public warrants and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team and Their Respective Affiliates and to the Post-Business Combination Company Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. We may seek business combination opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider an initial business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in our Initial Public Offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. As an example, Mr. Sorrells plans to devote a portion of his time sourcing sustainability-focused investments for Pearl s private equity funds. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct and such management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into on the effective date of our Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into between the Company and our Sponsor. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an initial business combination candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place and may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of an initial business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. In particular, certain of our officers and directors are officers and directors of Climate. In addition, our founders, Sponsor, officers and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities, including Climate, may compete with us for business combination opportunities. In addition, Mr. Sorrells plans to devote a portion of his time sourcing sustainability-focused investments for Pearl s private equity funds. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including Climate or another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Certain of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including fiduciary and contractual duties to Climate, pursuant to which such officer or director is or may be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. We also do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 The nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor for the founder shares may significantly dilute the implied value of your public shares in the event we consummate an initial business combination, and our Sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us in the event we consummate an initial business combination, even if the business combination causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline materially. While we are offering our units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit and the amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.25 per public share, implying an initial value of 10.25 per public share, our Sponsor paid only a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000 for the founder shares, or approximately 0.004 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly diluted in the event we consummate an initial business combination. Our Sponsor invested an aggregate of 13,375,000 in us in connection with our Initial Public Offering, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 13,350,000 purchase price for the private placement warrants. As a result, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares significantly declines, our Sponsor will stand to make significant profit on its investment in us. In addition, our Sponsor could potentially recoup its entire investment in us if the trading price of our ordinary shares is 1.57 or more per share, even if our Sponsor is required to forfeit all of the unvested founder shares and even if the private placement warrants are worthless. As a result, our Sponsor is likely to make a substantial profit on its investment in us even if we select and consummate an initial business combination that causes the trading price of our ordinary shares to decline, while our public shareholders who purchased their units in our Initial Public Offering could lose significant value in their public shares. Our Sponsor may therefore be economically incentivized to consummate an initial business combination with a riskier, weaker performing or less established target business than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the same per share price for the founder shares as our public shareholders paid for their public shares. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. Unlike some blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at a newly issued price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the market value is below 9.20 per share, then (i) the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price and (ii) the 18.00 redemption trigger price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our Sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our Sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or other affiliates which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or other affiliates. Our directors also 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, executive officers, directors, initial shareholders or other affiliates, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our Sponsor, executive officers, directors and other affiliates will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after our Initial Public Offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On January 26, 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. In February 2021, our Sponsor transferred 40,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. On March 18, 2022, we effectuated a share capitalization with respect to our Class B ordinary shares of 1,916,667 shares thereof, resulting in our initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 7,666,667 founder shares. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor has committed, pursuant to a written agreement, to purchase an aggregate of 13,350,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering the private placement warrants will expire worthless. While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any amendment to or waiver of the letter agreement or registration and shareholder rights agreement prior to our initial business combination, it may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such agreements in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments or waivers would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. The personal and financial interests of our executive officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 15 month (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) anniversary of the closing of our Initial Public Offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. Of the net proceeds from our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, 235,750,000 will be available to complete our business combination and pay related fees and non-reimbursed expenses (which excludes up to 8,050,000, after taking into account the deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the estimated non-reimbursed expenses of our Initial Public Offering). We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset or dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. Our Sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our Sponsor beneficially owns, on an as-converted basis, approximately 24.6 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our Sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our Sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in this Report. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our Sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our Sponsor. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Our Sponsor s advisors are not under any obligation to source any potential opportunities for our initial business combination or refer any such opportunities to our company or provide any other services for our company. Our Sponsor s advisors are not under any obligation to source any potential opportunities for our initial business combination or refer any such opportunities to our company or provide any other services for our company. Such advisors roles with respect to our company is expected to be primarily passive and advisory in nature. Our Sponsor s advisors may have fiduciary and/or contractual duties to certain companies but do not have any fiduciary obligations to our company. As a result, our Sponsor s advisors may have a duty to offer business combination opportunities to certain other companies before our company. Additionally, certain companies affiliated with our Sponsor s advisors may enter into transactions with, provide goods or services to, or receive goods or services from an entity with which we seek to complete our initial business combination. Transactions of these types may present a conflict of interest because our Sponsors advisors may directly or indirectly receive a financial benefit as a result of such transaction. General Risks We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC within the meaning of section 1297(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares, rights or warrants, such U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (and, in the case of the start-up exception, potentially not until after the two taxable years following our current taxable year). Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request by a U.S. Holder, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable such U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders, rights holders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder, rights holder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income, or otherwise subject it to adverse tax consequences, in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder, rights holder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders, rights holders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders, rights holders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes, or other adverse tax consequences, with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements, and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our Initial Public Offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our public warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 50 of our ordinary shares provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Our Sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 25 of our Class A ordinary shares issued in our Initial Public Offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre- business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our Sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, executive officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive approximately 10.25 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our rights and warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. Our Sponsor contributed 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per founder share, and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. The difference between the public offering price per share (allocating all of the unit purchase price to the Class A ordinary share, and none to the public warrants) and the pro forma net tangible book value per Class A ordinary shares, including the shares underlying the rights after our Initial Public Offering constitutes the dilution to you and the other investors in our Initial Public Offering. Our Sponsor acquired the founder shares at a relatively low price, significantly contributing to this dilution. Upon closing of our Initial Public Offering, and assuming no value is ascribed to the rights or public warrants, you and the other public shareholders incurred an immediate and substantial dilution of approximately 106.4 , the difference between the pro forma net tangible book deficit per share of (0.58) and the public offering price per Class A ordinary share of 9.09 per share. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions of the founder shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities issued in connection with our initial business combination, other than those issued to any seller would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 We may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our public warrants were issued in registered form under a public warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our public warrant agreement and rights agreement designate the courts of the State of New York located in the County of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our public warrants and rights, which could limit the ability of warrant holders or Rights Holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our public warrant agreement and rights agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the public warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York located in the County of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, (ii) any action proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York located in the County of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (iii) in each case we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the public warrant agreement and rights agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our public warrants or rights, as applicable, shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our public warrant agreement and rights agreement, as applicable. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the public warrant agreement or the rights agreement, as applicable, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York located in the County of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our public warrants or rights, as applicable, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions, and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in or rights holder, as applicable, in any such action brought in such court to enforce the forum provisions by service upon such warrant or rights holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder or rights holder, as applicable. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant or rights holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Warrant holders who are unable to bring their claims in the judicial forum of their choosing may be required to incur additional costs in pursuit of actions which are subject to our choice-of-forum provisions. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our public warrant agreement or rights agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 We may redeem your unexpired public warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your public warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the issued and outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant if, among other things, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares has been at least 18.00 per share for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the public warrants. Redemption of the issued and outstanding public warrants could force you to (i) exercise your public warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your public warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your public warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the issued and outstanding public warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your public warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us as so long as they are held by our Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Our rights and warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued 23,000,000 rights entitling the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business combination and 11,500,000 public warrants to purchase our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in our Initial Public Offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 13,350,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the Sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable public warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable public warrant. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a public warrant to purchase one whole share. There is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. There is currently no market for our securities. Shareholders therefore have no access to information about prior market history on which to base their investment decision. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 outbreak. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates does not equal or exceed 250.0 million as of the prior June 30th, or (2) our annual revenues did not equal or exceed 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates did not equal or exceed 700.0 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP Maples and Calder ), our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our Sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. Certain of those persons have been, may be, or may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including related to those companies or otherwise. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming and could divert our management s attention, and may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers, executives or employees of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies, certain of those persons have been, may be or may in the future become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings, including relating to the business affairs of such companies, transactions entered into by such companies, or otherwise. Individual members of our management team and board of directors also may become involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings involving claims or allegations related to or as a result of their personal conduct, either in their capacity as a corporate officer or director or otherwise, and may be personally named in such actions and potentially subject to personal liability. Any such liability may or may not be covered by insurance and/or indemnification, depending on the facts and circumstances. The defense or prosecution of these matters could be time-consuming. Any litigation, investigations or other proceedings and the potential outcomes of such actions may divert the attention and resources of our management team and board of directors away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. An investment in our equity securities may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. An investment in our equity securities may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, the U.S. federal income tax treatment with respect to the rights and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of public warrants are unclear under current law. It is also unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our Class A ordinary shares suspend the running of the holding period of a U.S. Holder for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such U.S. Holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for purposes of determining whether any dividends we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences related to purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the Nasdaq, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under the Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the Nasdaq we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities and we have a nominating committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the Nasdaq, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations rules and regulations regarding currency redemption complex withholding taxes on individuals laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 exchange listing and/or delisting requirements tariffs and trade barriers regulations related to customs and import/export matters local or regional economic policies and market conditions unexpected changes in regulatory requirements longer payment cycles tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States currency fluctuations and exchange controls rates of inflation challenges in collecting accounts receivable cultural and language differences employment regulations underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems corruption protection of intellectual property social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances regime changes and political upheaval terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. Our executive offices are located at 2100 McKinney Ave, Suite 1675, Dallas, TX 75201, and our telephone number is (214) 308-5230. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. To the knowledge of management, there is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. None. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. (a) Market Information Our Units, Class A ordinary shares, Rights and warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbol SVIIU, SVII, SVIIR and SVIIW, respectively. Our Units commenced public trading on October 13, 2022. Our Class A ordinary shares, Rights and warrants began separate trading on October 28, 2022. (b) Holders On December 31, 2022, there was 1 holder of record for our units, 1 holder of record for our shares of Class A ordinary shares, 4 holders of record of our shares of Class B ordinary shares, 1 holder of record of our Rights, 1 holder of record of our private placement warrants and 1 holder of record of our public warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans. None. (e) Performance Graph Not applicable. (f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds From Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities On January 26, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. In February 2021, the Sponsor transferred 40,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of the independent directors. On March 18, 2022, we effectuated a share capitalization with respect to its Class B ordinary shares of 1,916,667 shares thereof, resulting in our initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 7,666,667 Founder Shares. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement private placement of 13,350,000 warrants (each, a private placement warrant and collectively, the private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 13.4 million. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Use of Proceeds In connection with the Initial Public Offering, we incurred offering costs of approximately 13.4 million (including deferred underwriting commissions of 8.1 million). Other incurred offering costs consisted principally preparation fees related to the Initial Public Offering. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion, which amount will be payable upon consummation of the initial business combination, if consummated) and the Initial Public Offering expenses, 235.8 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 million (or 10.25 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering) of the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds from the Private Placement of the private placement warrants was placed in the Trust Account. The net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in the Trust Account and invested as described elsewhere in this Report. There has been no material change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement as is described in our final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering. No underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sales. (g) Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. References in this Report to we, us or the Company refer to Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to Spring Valley Acquisition Sponsor II, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical facts, and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in Cayman Islands on January 19, 2021. We were formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (an initial business combination or the business combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth companies. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be successful. As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering described below and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for and efforts toward completing an initial business 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. Our Sponsor is Spring Valley Acquisition Sponsor II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 12, 2022. On October 17, 2022, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 23,000,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of 3,000,000 Units as a result of the underwriter full exercise of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately 230.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 13.4 million, of which approximately 8.1 million was for deferred underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share (the Right ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. On October 28, 2022, we announced that the holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the Public Shares, the Rights and the Public Warrants included in the Units commencing on October 28, 2022. Any Units not separated will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Nasdaq under the symbol SVIIU. Any underlying Class A Ordinary Shares, Rights and Warrants that are separated under the symbols SVII, SVIIR and SVIIW, respectively. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 13,350,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 13.4 million. Each Private Placement Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, approximately 235.8 million 10.25 per Unit) of net proceeds, including the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement, was placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a business combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a business combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination. However, we only intend to complete a business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the Target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the Target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will provide the holders of our issued and outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially at 10.25 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. We will have 15 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering to consummate an initial business combination. However, if we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate the initial business combination within 15 months, we may extend the period of time to consummate a business combination one time by an additional three months (for a total of 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering), subject to our Sponsor or its affiliates or designees depositing additional funds into the Trust Account an amount equal to 0.10 per Public Share, or 2.3 million in the aggregate, on or prior to the 15-month anniversary of the 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 closing of the Initial Public Offering. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan that will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of the initial business combination. The Public Shareholders will not be entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. If we are unable to complete a business combination within 15 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or January 17, 2024 (or up to 18 months, or April 17, 2024, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination (the Combination Period ), we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay for our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Results of Operations As of December 31, 2022, we had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to our formation and the Initial Public Offering described below and, since the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the search for and efforts toward completing an initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of an initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of approximately 1.44 million, which consisted of approximately 1.69 million in income from investments held in the Trust Account, offset by approximately 249,000 in general and administrative expenses (of which 30,000 was for administrative expenses for related party). For the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 12,429, which consisted solely of general and administrative expenses. Going Concern Consideration As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately 1.7 million in cash held outside of the Trust Account and working capital of approximately 1.9 million. The Company s liquidity needs to date were satisfied through the payment of 25,000 from the Sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of the Founder Shares, and loan from the Sponsor of approximately 269,000 under the Note (as defined below) and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. The Company repaid the Note in full on October 18, 2022. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination , the Sponsor, members of the Company s founding team or any of their affiliates may provide the Company with Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4 to the financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report) as may be required (of which up to 1.5 million may be converted at the lender s option into Private Placement Warrants). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no Working Capital Loan outstanding. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate the initial business combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period (by January 17, 2024). The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K and did not have any commitments or contractual obligations. Risks and Uncertainties On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (the COVID-19 outbreak ). In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. Theses financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy is not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. Contractual Obligations Administrative Services Agreement On October 12, 2022, we entered into an agreement with our Sponsor, pursuant to which we agreed to pay our Sponsor an amount of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team through the earlier of consummation of the initial business combination and the liquidation. We incurred 30,000 in such fees included as general and administrative expenses on the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and fully accrued for such services on the accompanying balance sheet. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable initial business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to the Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no expenses to be reimbursed. Shareholder and Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans), are entitled to registration rights pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 4.6 million in the aggregate, which was paid in connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional fee of 0.35 per Unit, or approximately 8.1 million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Deferred Legal Fees We engaged a legal counsel firm for legal advisory services, and the legal counsel agreed to defer a portion of their fees Deferred Legal Fees ). The deferred fee will become payable solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had Deferred Legal Fees of approximately 743,000 and 0 in connection with such services, respectively. We will recognize an expense for these services when the performance trigger is considered probable. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates The preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and the reported amounts of income and expenses during the period reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: Redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares All of the 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares sold as parts of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature. In accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480-10-S99-3A, Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities , redemption provisions not solely within the control of our company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. We classified all of the Class A ordinary shares as redeemable. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized a charge against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit for the difference between the initial carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares and the redemption value. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in retained earnings, or in the absence of retained earnings, in additional paid-in capital. Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted-average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the periods. Remeasurement associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from net income (loss) per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value. Therefore, the net income (loss) per ordinary share calculation allocates income shared pro rata between Class A and Class B ordinary shares. We have not considered the effect of the exercise of the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 24,850,000 shares and the effect of the Rights to receive 2,300,000 shares in the calculation of diluted income per ordinary share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. Derivative Financial Instruments We evaluate our equity-linked financial instruments to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging. For derivative financial instruments that are classified as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recognized at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations each reporting period. The classification of derivative instruments, including whether such instruments should be classified as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement on October 17, 2022, we accounted for the Rights and warrants to be issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that the Rights and warrants described above are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the instruments continue to be classified in equity. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act and are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. As an emerging growth company , we are not required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting This Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a- 15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Officers and Directors 

Name Age Position Christopher Sorrells 54 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Robert Kaplan 49 Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Business Development David Buzby 62 Director Richard Thompson 73 Director David Levinson 50 Director Kevin Pohler 31 Director Sharon Youngblood 69 Director Christopher Sorrells serves as our Chief Executive Officer and as Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Sorrells served as the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. Spring Valley I from its inception in November 2020 until the closing of the NuScale merger in May 2022 at which time Mr. Sorrells began serving as a member of the board of directors of the post-closing company, NuScale Power Corporation. Mr. Sorrells also plans to devote a portion of his time sourcing sustainability-focused investments for Pearl s private equity funds. Mr. Sorrells has been an investor, operator, advisor and board member in the Sustainability industry for over 20 years. Mr. Sorrells served as Lead Director and Chairman of the Compensation Committee for Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: REGI) until the completion of its merger with Chevron Corporation for 3.1 billion in June 2022, having previously served as Vice Chairman of its board and led the 100 million financing in 2006 to create the company, ultimately witnessing revenues increase from approximately 85 million in 2008 to over 3.0 billion in 2021, via organic growth and an aggressive acquisition strategy. In addition, the stock price for REGI appreciated significantly following its initial public offering in January 2012 of 10 per share to the 61.50 acquisition price paid by Chevron. Previously, Mr. Sorrells served as a Managing Director and then as an Operating Partner of NGP ETP, an affiliate of Natural Gas Partners NGP, a leading energy private equity fund with 20 billion of assets under management, which he helped grow into one of the most successful Sustainability-focused private equity funds. Mr. Sorrells and/or his former firms including NGP ETP have invested in over 30 Sustainability platforms in a broad range of companies across the Sustainability industry, including Renewable Energy Group, Inc. (Nasdaq: REGI), Power-One, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq: PWER), Caminus Corporation (formerly Nasdaq: CAMZ), Waste Resource Management, Inc., TPI Composites, Inc. (Nasdaq: TPIC) and others. In addition to leading investments, Mr. Sorrells has held a number of board positions for numerous public and private firms, including ENGlobal Corporation (Nasdaq: ENG), groSolar (which was later sold to EDF Renewables Inc.), Community Energy (which was later sold to AES Corporation), GSE Systems, Inc. (Nasdaq: GVP) and Living Earth (which was later sold to Bain Capital Double Impact). As an operator, Mr. Sorrells has held a variety of senior executive leadership roles at Sustainability-focused companies including serving as Chief Operating Officer and Director of GSE Systems, Inc. Mr. Sorrells started his career in the energy, power and Sustainability industries as an investment banker at Salomon Smith Barney in 1996 and later at Banc of America Securities LLC where he created one of the first Sustainability-focused investment banking teams in 2000. Mr. Sorrells received his Master of Accounting from University of Southern California, an M.B.A. from The College of William and Mary and a B.A. from Washington and Lee University. Robert Kaplan serves as our Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Business Development. Mr. Kaplan served as the Vice President of Business Development of Spring Valley I from its inception in November 2020 until the closing of the NuScale merger in May 2022. Mr. Kaplan has over 20 years of investment banking experience in the Sustainability industry. Mr. Kaplan has been involved in over 60 transactions totaling approximately 6 billion in transaction value. Mr. Kaplan was most recently Managing Director of Clean Technologies / Renewables at Stifel. In this role, Mr. Kaplan was responsible for the firm s capital markets and advisory services in various sustainability subsectors, including, clean energy, biofuels, energy storage, energy efficiency, mobility and environmental technologies. He joined Stifel in 2010 in connection with Stifel s acquisition of TWP in 2010. Mr. Kaplan joined TWP in 2007 as a Vice President in the Technology investment banking group with a focus on sustainable technologies. Prior to joining TWP, Mr. Kaplan started his investment banking career at First Albany where he was a founding member of one of the first Sustainability-focused banking franchise on Wall Street. During his tenure at First Albany, he completed many of the industry s first public offerings in various sustainability subsectors, such as solar, alternative fuels, mobility, fuel cells and the smart grid. Mr. Kaplan serves on the board of directors of TWO NIL, LLC. Mr. Kaplan received a B.S. in Finance from Lehigh University and an M.B.A. from the NYU Stern School of Business. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 David Buzby has served as a board member since the effective date of the registration statement. Mr. Buzby has over 30 years of business experience in sustainability, renewable energy, and technology, including forming several billion-dollar public companies in the Sustainability industry as well as raising 1.5 billion of co-investment from institutional investors over a period of 30 years. Currently, Mr. Buzby is chair of the board of directors of Stem, Inc. (NYSE: STEM), a leading energy storage/grid services company in North America, where he has served since 2010. Mr. Buzby is also on the board of directors of Climate Transition Capital (AEX: CTAI), a climate transition special purpose acquisition company that completed its initial public offering in June 2021 Climate ), and Leading Edge Equipment Technologies, Inc., a privately held company that develops solar wafers. In addition, he was an early investor and board member in Sunrun Inc. (NASDAQ: RUN) from 2008 through 2012, helping lead the company to complete its initial public offering in 2015, to attain a leading market share in residential solar in the United States in 2018 and to a current market capitalization of approximately 6.0 billion as of January 2022. Mr. Buzby was also a founding investor, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, of SunEdison (NASDAQ: SUNE) helping create one of North America s leading solar developers before selling the company to MEMC Electronic Materials, Inc. (NYSE: WFR) in 2009 for approximately 323 million including earn-out value. Mr. Buzby was also a founding investor and board member and chair of the audit committee of ValueClick (NASDAQ: VCLK) which conducted its initial public offering in 2000 and subsequently sold to Alliance Data Systems Corporation (NYSE: ADS) for approximately 2.3 billion in 2014. Mr. Buzby has held 12 board seats of both public and private companies and held various senior executive roles in numerous companies, including Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Buzby received his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.A. from Middlebury College. We believe Mr. Buzby s significant experience in the Sustainability industry in both private and public companies makes him well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. Richard Thompson has served as a board member since the effective date of the registration statement. Mr. Thompson served as a member of the board of directors of Spring Valley I from its inception in November 2020 until the closing of the NuScale merger in May 2022. Mr. Thompson has over 35 years of international business experience in renewable energy, power electronics and semiconductors, including several billion- dollar public exits in the Sustainability industry. Currently, Mr. Thompson is a strategic adviser to Sumeru Equity Partners, a technology-focused private equity firm, in which he has served since 2014. From 2014 to 2016, he was Executive Chairman of AVI-SPL, an approximately 700 million privately held, global leader in video communications. From 2008 to October 2013, Mr. Thompson was President, Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Power-One, Inc. (formerly Nasdaq: PWER), a leading provider of renewable energy and power conversion solutions. During his tenure, he successfully led the company through restructuring to become one of the largest renewable energy inverter suppliers worldwide, generating over 1 billion in sales in 2012, along with its sale to ABB (NYSE: ABB) for over 1 billion in equity value. Prior to joining Power-One, Inc., Mr. Thompson was Chief Financial Officer of American Power Conversion Corporation (Nasdaq: APCC) from 2005 to 2007, which was acquired in March 2007 by a French competitor, Schneider Electric SA (Paris: SU.PA), in an auction for approximately 6 billion in enterprise value. From 1997 to 2005, Mr. Thompson was Chief Financial Officer of Artesyn Technologies (Nasdaq: ATSN) and was instrumental in creating one of the leading power component companies in the industry which was later sold to Emerson (NYSE: EMR) for 500 million. In addition to his role at Artesyn, he was also General Manager of Spider Software and led the company s merger with Zytec Inc. that created a robust power component and computer board business. We believe Mr. Thompson s significant experience in the Sustainability industry in both private and public companies makes him well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. Sharon Youngblood has served as a board member since the effective date of the registration statement. Dr. Youngblood is a biologist with training in the fields of immunology and molecular genetics. She has served on the faculty of several institutions, and has been a consultant in the Biomedical applications in the semiconductor industry. Dr. Youngblood has held research associate positions at both the Howard Hughes Institute and the Molecular Cardiology department at University of Texas Southwestern. After completing almost 20 years in scientific research, she moved into non-profit work. She has served on five boards over the past 30 years with a focus on wildlife, conservation, sustainability and education. As a current board member of WWF, on which she has served since 2013, she currently serves on the conservation and development committees. WWF is a non-for-profit corporation whose mission is to conserve nature and reduce the most pressing threats to the diversity of life on Earth. In addition to wildlife conservation, the organization aims to create a sustainable, healthy, and productive environment for nature and humans to co- exist. In addition, she has served on the board of directors of the Dallas Zoological Society from 1991 to 1994 and Presbyterian Health Resources from 2005 to 2011. She has also served as a trustee at the Hockaday School from 2008 to 2014 and the St. Philips School from 2012 to 2018. After receiving a BS in biophysics from Southern University, she completed her PhD at MIT, followed by postdoctoral training at University of Texas Southwestern. Dr. Youngblood belongs to numerous organizations including the National Wildlife Federation, The Humane Society of the United States, ASPCA, WWF, The Sierra Club, Ocean Conservancy and Nature Conservancy. We believe Dr. Youngblood s significant experience in the Sustainability industry in various academic and non-profit institutions makes her well-qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 David Levinson has served as a board member since the effective date of the registration statement. Mr. Levinson is a Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of Pearl, where he concentrates on transaction due diligence and execution, serves on Pearl portfolio company Boards and maintains Pearl s compliance program. Prior to joining Pearl, Mr. Levinson worked in William J. Quinn s family office starting in 2013 managing the office and his investment portfolio until forming Pearl in 2015. From 2003 to 2013, Mr. Levinson worked at GTx, Inc., a biotechnology company located in Memphis, Tennessee, in various positions before departing in 2013 as Director of Business Development, Licensing and Financial Analysis. While at GTx, Mr. Levinson was involved in all aspects of the transaction process, including deal sourcing, due diligence, financial analysis, term sheet negotiation and execution for numerous completed transactions. Mr. Levinson was also a part of the finance team where he created and implemented GTx s budgeting and forecasting processes and worked on the company s IPO in 2004 and subsequent follow-on offerings. In addition, while at GTx, he served on the disclosure control committee, was Secretary of the Audit Committee and served on the executive steering committee. From 1996-2000, Mr. Levinson previously gained valuable deal execution experience working as a corporate associate at Dechert LLP, a Philadelphia-based law firm. Mr. Levinson s practice focused on mergers and acquisitions of both public and private companies, as well as public securities work. Mr. Levinson graduated summa cum laude and Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Pennsylvania, where he earned his B.A. in Economics in 1993. Mr. Levinson also earned his J.D. with honors from the University of Chicago in 1996 and earned his M.B.A. from the Fuqua School of Business at Duke University in 2002, where he was a Fuqua Scholar. Kevin Pohler has served as a board member since the effective date of the registration statement. Mr. Pohler is a Vice President of Pearl, where he concentrates on investment strategy and sourcing, transaction due diligence and execution, monitoring portfolio companies and investor relations. Prior to joining Pearl in 2015, Mr. Pohler was an Analyst at Goldman, Sachs Co. Group in New York. Mr. Pohler received a B.A. in Economics with honors from Harvard College and an M.B.A. from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Thompson and Dr. Youngblood, will expire at our first annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Buzby and Mr. Pohler, will expire at our second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Mr. Sorrells and Mr. Levinson, will expire at our third annual meeting of shareholders. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Pursuant to an agreement entered into on the effective date of our Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Buzby, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Levinson and Dr. Youngblood are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Mr. Buzby, Mr. Thompson and Dr. Youngblood serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Buzby, Mr. Thompson and Dr. Youngblood are independent under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Mr. Thompson serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Mr. Thompson qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 
 Nominating Committee We have established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Mr. Buzby, Mr. Thompson and Dr. Youngblood, and Mr. Buzby serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Buzby, Mr. Thompson and Dr. Youngblood are independent. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees, which will be specified in a charter to be adopted by us, generally will provide that persons to be nominated: should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations and should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 
 The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Mr. Buzby, Mr. Thompson and Dr. Youngblood, and Dr. Youngblood serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Buzby, Mr. Thompson and Dr. Youngblood are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our President s, Chief Financial Officer s and Chief Operating Officer s, evaluating our President s, Chief Financial Officer s and Chief Operating Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our President, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer based on such evaluation reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the Nasdaq and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties: duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests and duty to exercise independent judgment. In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. 
 As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Our Sponsor and its affiliates manage numerous investment vehicles which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities and if pursued by them we may be precluded from such opportunities for our initial business combination. In addition, certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including fiduciary and contractual duties to Climate, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual Entity Entity s Business Affiliation Christopher Sorrells NuScale Power Corporation ENGlobal Corporation Energy Engineering Services Director Director Committee Member Robert Kaplan Two Nil, LLC Marketing Director Arkay Management, Inc. Management /Consulting Founder David Buzby Leading Edge Equipment Technologies Manufacturing Director Stem, Inc. Energy Director PRIME Coalition, Inc. Energy Committee Member Climate Transition Capital Acquisition I B.V. Energy Director Richard Thompson Sumeru Equity Partners Private Equity Strategic Advisor David Levinson Pearl Energy Investment Management, LLC(1) Private Equity Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer Kevin Pohler Pearl Energy Investment Management, LLC(1) Private Equity Vice President Sharon Youngblood The World Wildlife Fund Conservation Director 

 (1) Includes certain of its funds and other affiliates. 
 Our Sponsor, officers and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. Any such companies, including Climate, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target. However, we do not currently expect that any such other special purpose acquisition company, including Climate, would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Mr. Sorrells plans to devote a portion of his time sourcing sustainability-focused investments for Pearl s private equity funds. Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full- time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our Sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this Report and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. 
 Additionally, our Sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our Sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors own ordinary shares, rights or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors may Sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 
 We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our Sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq, we will also reimburse an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law, our corporate governing documents or applicable stock exchange rules require a different vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We expect to purchase a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our Sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. In February 2021, our Sponsor transferred 40,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this Report, and as adjusted to reflect the sale of our Class A ordinary shares included in the units offered by this Report, and assuming no purchase of units in the Initial Public Offering, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 
 Unless otherwise indicated, all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 7,666,667 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all of our ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this Report. 

Number of Shares Approximate Percentage of Issued Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) Beneficially Owned (2) and Outstanding Ordinary Shares Spring Valley Acquisition Sponsor II, LLC (our Sponsor) 7,546,667 (3) 24.6 Christopher Sorrells Robert Kaplan David Buzby 40,000 Richard Thompson 40,000 Sharon Youngblood 40,000 David Levinson Kevin Pohler All officers and directors as a group (seven individuals) 7,666,667 25.0 

 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 2100 McKinney Ave, Suite 1675, Dallas, TX 75201. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof. (3) The shares reported above are held in the name of our Sponsor. Our Sponsor is controlled by Pearl Energy Investment II, L.P., which is controlled by Mr. Quinn. 
 Our Sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Changes in Control None. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On January 26, 2021, our Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. In February 2021, our Sponsor transferred 40,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our independent directors. On March 18, 2022, we effectuated a share capitalization with respect to our Class B ordinary shares of 1,916,667 shares thereof, resulting in our initial shareholders holding an aggregate of 7,666,667 founder shares. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. Our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of our Initial Public Offering and exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters, we consummated the private placement of 13,350,000 private placement warrants to our Sponsor at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 13,350,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share. Other Transactions with our Sponsor Our Sponsor is controlled by an affiliate of Pearl Energy Investment Management, LLC and NGP Energy Capital Management, LLC, has a passive minority interest in our Sponsor. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. We currently maintain our executive offices at 2100 McKinney Ave, Suite 1675, Dallas, TX 75201. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to an affiliate of our Sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Our Sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note, dated on January 26, 2021 and was later amended and restated on January 28, 2022 and subsequently 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 amended and restated a second time on September 26, 2022 (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we borrowed approximately 269,088 and approximately 168,043 under the Note, respectively. We fully repaid the Note on October 18, 2022. Upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Note was no longer available to us. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an initial business combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The terms of such loans by our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We have entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our Sponsor is entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions The audit committee of our board of directors have adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The firm of WithumSmith+Brown, PC, or Withum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Withum for services rendered. Audit Fees . During the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 101,956 for the services Withum performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering and the audit of our December 31, 2022 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Audit-Related Fees . As of December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Tax Fees . As of December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning were approximately 4,000. All Other Fees . As of December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) List the following documents filed as a part of the report: (1) Financial statements: Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the Index to Audited Financial Statements on page F-1. (2) Financial statement schedules: None (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 4.1 Public Warrant Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 4.2 Private Warrant Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 4.3 Rights Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 4.4 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-253156), filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022). 4.5 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-253156), filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022). 4.6 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-253156), filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022). 4.7 Description of Registrant s Securities. 10.1 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 10.2 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, among the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 Exhibit Number Description 10.3 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 10.4 Administrative Services Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 10.5 Letter Agreement, dated October 12, 2022, by and between the Company, the Sponsor and each of the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 17, 2022). 10.6 Second Amended and Restated Promissory Note, dated as of September 26, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-253156), filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022). 10.7 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated January 26, 2021, between the Company and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Form S-1 (File No. 333-253156), filed with the SEC on September 26, 2022). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY. None. 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 28, 2023 SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II /s/ Christopher Sorrells Name: Christopher Sorrells Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/ Christopher Sorrells Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Principal Executive Officer March 28, 2023 Christopher Sorrells /s/ Robert Kaplan Chief Financial Officer and Vice President March 28, 2023 Robert Kaplan of Business Development (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ David Buzby Director March 28, 2023 David Buzby /s/ Richard Thompson Director March 28, 2023 Richard Thompson /s/ Sharon Youngblood Director March 28, 2023 Sharon Youngblood /s/ David Levinson Director March 28, 2023 David Levinson /s/ Kevin Pohler Director March 28, 2023 Kevin Pohler 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB # F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-7 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II: Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II (the Company as of December 31,2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31,2022 and for the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31,2022 and the period from January 19, 2021 (inception) through December 31,2021 (inception) through December 31,2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by January 17, 2024 then the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 28, 2023 PCAOB ID Number 100 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets: Current assets: Cash Prepaid expenses Total current assets Non-current assets: Prepaid expenses - non-current Investments held in Trust Account Deferred offering costs associated with initial public offering Total non-current assets Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit): Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Note payable - related party Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and - - shares subject to possible redemption at and per share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Shareholders Equity (Deficit): Preference shares, par value shares authorized issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; non-redeemable shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity (deficit) ) Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficit) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the period from For the year ended January 19, 2021 (inception) December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2021 General and administrative expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Income from investments held in Trust Account Total other income Net income (loss) ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares - basic Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares - diluted Net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares - basic ) Net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares - diluted ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) FOR THE YEAR END DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 19, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Additional Total Class B Ordinary Shares Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity (Deficit) Balance - January 19, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor Net loss ) ) Balance - December 31, 2021 ) Sale of private placement warrants to Sponsor in private placement Fair value of warrants and rights included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering Offering costs associated with issuance of warrants as part of the Units in the Initial Public Offering ) ) Accretion for Class A ordinary shares to redemption amount ) ) ) Net income Balance - December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the period from For the year ended January 19, 2021 (inception) December 31, 2022 through December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: General and administrative expenses paid by Sponsor under promissory note General and administrative expenses paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares Income from investments held in Trust Account ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses ) Net cash used in operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cash deposited in Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Repayment of note payable to related party ) Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross Proceeds received from private placement Offering costs paid ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash Cash - beginning of the period Cash - end of the period Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares Offering costs included in accounts payable Offering costs included in accrued expenses Offering costs paid by Sponsor under promissory note Prior accounts payable balance paid by Sponsor under promissory note Reversal of accrued offering expenses ) Deferred underwriting commissions The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5). Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, one right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of Class A ordinary share (the Right ), and one -half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrant ). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million (see Note 4). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, approximately million per Unit) of net proceeds, including the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds of the Private Placement, was placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in the Trust Account and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company only intends to complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the Target (as defined below) or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the Target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). The Public Shares were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial shareholders will not be entitled to redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem the Public Shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of a Business Combination. In addition, the initial shareholders agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business Combination. The Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. The holders of the Founder Shares (the initial shareholders agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 (for a total of from the closing of the Initial Public Offering), subject to the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees depositing additional funds into the Trust Account an amount equal to per Public Share, or million in the aggregate, on or prior to the 15-month anniversary of the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Any such payments would be made in the form of a loan that will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination (the Extension Loans ). The Public Shareholders will not be entitled to vote on or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or January 17, 2024 (or up to , or April 17, 2024, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The initial shareholders agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to the deferred underwriting commission (see Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only . In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) the lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or Target that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. On October 28, 2022, the Company announced that the holders of the Units may elect to separately trade the Public Shares, the Rights and the Public Warrants included in the Units commencing on October 28, 2022. Any Units not separated will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market (the Nasdaq under the symbol SVIIU. Any underlying Class A Ordinary Shares, Rights and Warrants that are separated under the symbols SVII, SVIIR and SVIIW, respectively. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 million in cash held outside of the Trust Account and working capital of approximately million. The Company s liquidity needs to date were satisfied through the payment of from the Sponsor to cover for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), and loan from the Sponsor of approximately under the Note (as defined in Note 4) and the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. The Company repaid the Note in full on October 18, 2022. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, members of the Company s founding team or any of their affiliates may provide the Company with Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4) as may be required (of which up to million may be converted at the lender s option into warrants). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was Working Capital Loan outstanding. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate the initial Business Combination will be successful or successful within the Combination Period (by January 17, 2024). The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Risks and Uncertainties On January 30, 2020, the World Health Organization announced a global health emergency because of a new strain of coronavirus (the COVID-19 outbreak ). In March 2020, the WHO classified the COVID-19 outbreak as a pandemic, based on the rapid increase in exposure globally. The full impact of the COVID-19 outbreak continues to evolve. Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 outbreak on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. Further, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are is determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The specific impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of these financial statements. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. assets held in the Trust Account at December 31, 2021. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 Class A ordinary shares sold as parts of the Units in the Initial Public Offering contain a redemption feature. In accordance with the ASC 480-10-S99-3A, Classification and Measurement of Redeemable Securities , redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require the security to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of ASC 480. The Company classified all of the Class A ordinary shares as redeemable. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company recognized a charge against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit for the difference between the initial carrying value of the Class A ordinary shares and the redemption value. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in retained earnings, or in the absence of retained earnings, in additional paid-in capital. As of December 31, 2022, the amounts of Class A ordinary shares reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table: Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants and Rights ) Class A ordinary shares issuance costs ) Plus: Adjust carrying value to initial redemption value Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 
 F-13 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 shares and the effect of the Rights to receive shares in the calculation of diluted income per ordinary share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. ) Denominator: Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - basic Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding - diluted Net income (loss) per ordinary share - basic ) Net income (loss) per ordinary share - diluted ) unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company has been subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities since inception. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the government of the Cayman Islands Cayman ). In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. 
 F-14 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 Units, including the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriter full exercise of their over-allotment option, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of approximately million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions. Each Unit consists of share of Class A ordinary shares, one -half of one redeemable warrant and one Right to receive one -tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share. Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 6). Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ), to cover certain expenses on the Company s behalf for an aggregate purchase price of . On March 18, 2022, the Company effectuated a share capitalization with respect to its Class B ordinary shares of shares thereof, resulting in an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to an aggregate of Founder Shares to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units was not exercised in full by the underwriters or is reduced, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On October 17, 2022, the underwriter consummated the exercise in full of the over-allotment; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The initial shareholders, and the executive officers and directors of the Company, agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. The Founder Shares are subject to performance and market condition vesting terms. The Sponsor agreed that upon and subject to the completion of the initial Business Combination, of the Founder Shares then held by the Sponsor (which will be converted in Class A ordinary shares as described in Note 6) shall be considered to be newly unvested shares, which will vest only if the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares on the Nasdaq equals or exceeds for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading day period on or after the first anniversary of the closing of the initial Business Combination but before the fifth anniversary. The Sponsor agreed, subject to exceptions, not to transfer any unvested Founder Shares prior to the date such securities become vested. Founder Shares, if any, that remain unvested at the fifth anniversary of the closing of the initial Business Combination will be forfeited, subject to certain exceptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the satisfaction of the other transfer restrictions on the Founder Shares described herein, the Sponsor may be able to transfer up to of its Founders Shares even if it is required to forfeit all of its unvested Founders Shares and even if the trading price of Class A ordinary shares declines materially. The issuance of Founder Shares to the Sponsor is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance condition and a market condition. Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of October 17, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation will be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon completion of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares that ultimately vest multiplied by the grant date fair value per share, which considers the market condition in the valuation, less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 Class B ordinary shares to each of the Company s directors. The sale of the Founder Shares is in the scope of ASC 718. Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founders Shares were granted subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares that ultimately vest multiplied times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founders Shares. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for whole share of Class A ordinary shares at a price of per ordinary share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. The purchasers of the Private Placement Warrants agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants (except to permitted transferees) until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Related Party Loans Promissory Note to Sponsor The Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note, dated on January 26, 2021, and was later amended and restated on January 28, 2022 and subsequently amended and restated a second time on September 26, 2022 (the Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company borrowed approximately and approximately under the Note, respectively. The Company fully repaid the Note on October 18, 2022. Upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Note was no longer available to the Company. 
 F-16 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Extension Loans As described in Note 1, if the Company extends the time it has to consummate the initial Business Combination to 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees may, but are not obligated to, provided the Extension Loans to the Company for an amount of per Public Share, or million in the aggregate, to deposit in Trust Account. The Extension Loans will be non-interest bearing and payable upon the consummation of the initial Business Combination. If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Such Extension Loans may be converted into warrants of the post Business Combination entity, identical to the Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, it will not repay such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Extension Loans. Administrative Services Agreement On October 12, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor an amount of per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support services provided to members of the management team through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation. The Company incurred in such fees included as general and administrative expenses on the accompanying statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and fully accrued for such services on the accompanying balance sheet. In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Company s audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made using funds held outside the Trust Account. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there were no expenses to be reimbursed. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 per Unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An additional fee of per Unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. Deferred Legal Fees The Company engaged a legal counsel firm for legal advisory services, and the legal counsel agreed to defer a portion of their fees Deferred Legal Fees ). The deferred fee will become payable solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had Deferred Legal Fees of approximately and in connection with such services, respectively. The Company will recognize an expense for these services when the performance trigger is considered probable. preference shares, par value per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding , all of which were subject to possible redemption and were classified outside of permanent equity on the balance sheet. As of December 31, 2021, there were Class A ordinary share issued or outstanding . Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Of these, up to Class B ordinary shares were subject to forfeiture to the extent that the option to purchase additional units was not exercised in full by the underwriters, so that the Class B ordinary shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. On October 17, 2022, the underwriter consummated the exercise in full of the over-allotment; thus, these Class B ordinary shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. Holders of the Class A ordinary shares and holders of the Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, except as required by law or stock exchange rule; provided that only holders of the Class B ordinary shares shall have the right to vote on the election of the Company s directors prior to the initial Business Combination. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 of the sum of (i) the total number of all Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares plus (iii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination, and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. Prior to the initial Business Combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors. Rights As of December 31, 2022, there were Rights outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, there were Rights outstanding. Each holder of a whole Right will receive one -tenth of one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of the initial Business Combination. In the event the Company will not be the survivor upon completion of the initial Business Combination, each holder of a Right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its Rights in order to receive the share underlying each Right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the required time period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Rights will not receive any of such funds for their Rights, and the Rights will expire worthless. fractional shares will be issued upon conversion of any Rights. Warrants As of December 31, 2022 , the Company had Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, there were warrants outstanding. Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of the Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the public warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company s ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under the Securities Act, the Company, at its option, may require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of the Business Combination or earlier upon the Company s redemption or liquidation. The exercise price of each Warrant is per share, subject to adjustment as described herein. In addition, if the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), the exercise price of the Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the Newly Issued Price. 
 F-19 

Table of Contents SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS OF DECEBMER 31, 2022 
 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption; and if, and only if the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares for any 20 trading days within a 30 - trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted). 
 The Company will not redeem the Public Warrants as described above unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. Any such exercise would not be on a cashless basis and would require the exercising warrant holder to pay the exercise price for each Public Warrant being exercised. The Private Placement Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and will be exercisable at the election of the holder on a cashless basis. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle any warrant. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized at the beginning of the reporting period. There was transfer between levels during the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2021, the Company has no Level 1, 2 or 3 assets that were measured at fair value. 
 F-20 

<EX-4.7>
 2
 svii-20221231xex4d7.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.7

Exhibit 4.7 SPRING VALLEY ACQUISITION CORP. II DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following summary of the material terms of the securities of Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (this Report ), and applicable Cayman Islands law. We urge you to read our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences our securities. Certain Terms Unless otherwise stated in this Exhibit 4.7 (this Exhibit ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering; Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; private placement warrants are to the warrants to be issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market) and for the avoidance of doubt, do not include the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; public warrants are to the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); rights refer to the rights which are being sold as part of the units in our initial public offering; sponsor are to Spring Valley Acquisition Sponsor II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

warrants are to our private placement warrants, public warrants and any warrants we issue to our sponsor upon conversion of loans; and we, us, our, company or our company are to Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II, a Cayman Islands exempted company. Any forfeiture of shares described in this Report will take effect as a surrender of shares for no consideration of such shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Any conversion of the Class B ordinary shares described in this Report will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. Any share dividends described in this Report will take effect as share capitalizations as a matter of Cayman Islands law. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which were adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, we are authorized to issue 330,000,000 ordinary shares, including 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 30,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. Units Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share, one right and one-half of one redeemable public warrant. Each right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion of any rights. As a result, a rights holder must have 10 rights in order to receive a Class A ordinary share at the closing of our initial business combination. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in our initial public offering. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. The Class A ordinary shares, rights and public warrants comprising the units began separate trading on October 28, 2022. Once the Class A ordinary shares, rights and warrants commenced separate trading, holders had the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders needed to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants were trade. In no event were the Class A ordinary shares, rights and warrants traded separately until we filed with the SEC a Current Report on Form 8-K which included an audited balance sheet reflecting our receipt of the gross proceeds at the closing of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants. We filed a Current Report on Form 8-K which includes this audited balance sheet promptly after the completion of our initial public offering. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. Ordinary Shares Prior to the closing of our initial public offering, there were 7,666,667 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which were held of record by our initial shareholders. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, 30,666,667 of our ordinary shares were outstanding including: 
 2 

23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of our initial public offering; and 7,666,667 Class B ordinary shares held by our initial shareholders. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 300,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of shareholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the corporate governance requirements of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ), we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to elect directors. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.25 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an 
 3 

amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, unless applicable law, our corporate governing documents or applicable stock exchange rules require a different vote, in which case we will complete our initial business combination only if such requisite vote is received. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in the final prospectus related to our initial public offering), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares , without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 8,625,000, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted), of the 23,000,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. 
 4 

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder Shares The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 25 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Except as described herein, pursuant to a letter agreement that our sponsor, directors and executive officers have entered into with us, our sponsor, directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 
 5 

days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. In addition, our sponsor has agreed, subject to exceptions, not to transfer any unvested founder shares prior to the date such securities become vested. We refer to such transfer restrictions as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and automatically converted into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion do not have redemption rights or are entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Except as described herein, pursuant to a letter agreement that our sponsor, directors, executive officers and certain of the anchor investors have entered or will enter into with us, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed, and certain of the anchor investors will agree, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this exhibit as the lock-up. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote. Register of Members Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member; whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue; 
 6 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and the date on which any person ceased to be a member. Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of this public offering, the register of members will be immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. Preference Shares Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares were registered in our initial public offering. Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its public warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We are not obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a public warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No public warrants will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a public warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the public warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a public warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will 
 7 

we be required to net cash settle any public warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised public warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the public warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the public warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their public warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering each such warrant for that number of Class A ordinary shares per warrant equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value means the 10-day average closing price as of the date on which the notice of redemption is s Redemption of public warrants. Once the public warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding public warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a public warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice of redemption to the public warrant holders. We will not redeem the public warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period or if we have elected to require the exercise of the public warrants on a cashless basis as described below. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the public warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its public warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may 
 8 

fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. If we call the public warrants for redemption as described above, we will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its public warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, we will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of public warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our public warrants. If we take advantage of this option, all holders of public warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their public warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value means the 10-day average closing price as of the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the warrants. If we take advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and we do not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrantholders would have been required to use had all warrantholders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. Redemption Procedures. A holder of a public warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each public warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the fair market value. For these purposes, if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion. Fair market value means the 10-day average closing price as of the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 10-day average closing price shall mean, as of any date, the average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to such date. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Class A ordinary shares shall be issued at less than their par value. In addition, if we, at any time while the public warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect 
 9 

any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or its affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average last reported trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the market value is below 9.20 per share, (i) the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price and (ii) the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of public warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the market value and the newly issued price. If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each public warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the public warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. The public warrant agreement provides that no adjustment to the number of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant will be required until cumulative adjustments amount to 1 or more of the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant as last adjusted. Any such adjustments that are not made will be carried forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment. All such carried forward adjustments will be made (i) in connection with any subsequent adjustment that (taken together with such carried forward adjustments) would result in a change of at least 1 in the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of a warrant and (ii) on the exercise date of any warrant. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of 
 10 

the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the public warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their public warrants immediately prior to such event. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the public warrant properly exercises the public warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the public warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the public warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the public warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the public warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the public warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the public warrants. The public warrants are issued in registered form under a public warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant agreement provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the public warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the public warrants and the public warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus relating to our initial public offering, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the public warrant agreement as the parties to the public warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the public warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. The public warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of public warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their public warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the public warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the public warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our public warrant agreement and rights agreement designate the courts of the State of New York located in the County of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our public warrants, and rights, which could limit the ability of warrant holders or rights holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. 
 11 

Private Placement Warrants The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they will not be redeemable by us. The private placement warrants will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial business combination, or earlier upon liquidation. In addition, the private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor will not be exercisable more than five years from the effective date of the registration statement of which the prospectus relating to our initial public offering forms a part, in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), as long as our sponsor or any of its related persons beneficially own such private placement warrants. The private placement warrants will be non-redeemable and will be exercisable on a cashless basis. If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the 10-day average closing price as of the date prior to the date on which notice of exercise is sent or given to the warrant agent, less the warrant exercise price by (y) the 10-day average closing price. The 10-day average closing price means, as of any date, the average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares as reported during the 10 trading day period ending on the trading day prior to such date. Last reported sale price means the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares on the date prior to the date on which notice of exercise of the warrant is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Rights Each right represents the right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one Class A ordinary share upon the consummation of our initial business combination, so each holder of 10 rights will receive one Class A ordinary share upon consummation of our initial business combination, whether or not we will be the surviving entity and even if the holder of such right redeemed all Class A ordinary shares held by him, her or it in connection with our initial business combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon conversion of any rights, so holders must hold rights in denominations of 10 in order to receive a Class A ordinary share at the closing of our initial business combination. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive his, her or its additional Class A ordinary shares upon consummation of our initial business combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the unit purchase price paid for by investors in our initial public offering. The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of ours). As soon as practicable upon the occurrence of our initial business combination, we will direct holders of the rights to return their rights certificates to Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, in its capacity as rights agent. Upon receipt of the rights certificate, in a business combination in which we will be the surviving entity, we will issue to the registered holder of such rights the number of full Class A ordinary shares to which the holder is entitled. 
 12 

If we enter into a definitive agreement for a business combination in which we will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the Class A ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into Class A ordinary share basis, and each holder of a right will be required to affirmatively convert his, her or its rights in order to receive the one-tenth (1/10) share underlying each right (without paying any additional consideration) upon consummation of the business combination. More specifically, the rights holder will be required to indicate his, her or its election to convert the rights into underlying shares as well as to return the original rights certificates to us. If we are unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and we liquidate the funds held in the trust account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from our assets held outside of the trust account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Promptly upon the consummation of our initial business combination, we will direct registered holders of the rights to return their rights to our rights agent. Upon receipt of the rights, the rights agent will issue to the registered holder of such right(s) the number of full Class A ordinary shares to which he, she or it is entitled. We will notify registered holders of the rights to deliver their rights to the rights agent promptly upon consummation of such business combination and have been informed by the rights agent that the process of exchanging the rights for Class A ordinary shares should take no more than a matter of days. The foregoing exchange of rights is solely ministerial in nature and is not intended to provide us with any means of avoiding our obligation to issue the shares underlying the rights upon consummation of our initial business combination. Other than confirming that the rights delivered by a registered holder are valid, we will have no ability to avoid delivery of the shares underlying the rights. Nevertheless, there are no contractual penalties for failure to deliver securities to the holders of the rights upon consummation of an initial business combination. Additionally, in no event will we be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. We will not issue any fractional shares upon conversions of the rights once the units separate, and no cash will be payable in lieu thereof. As a result, a holder must have 10 rights in order to receive one Class A ordinary shares at the closing of the initial business combination. In the event that any holder would otherwise be entitled to any fractional share upon exchange of his, her or its rights, we will reserve the option, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, to deal with any such fractional entitlement at the relevant time as we see fit, which would include the rounding down of any entitlement to receive Class A ordinary shares to the nearest whole share (and in effect extinguishing any fractional entitlement), or the holder being entitled to hold any remaining fractional entitlement(without any share being issued) and to aggregate the same with any future fractional entitlement to receive shares in the company until the holder is entitled to receive a whole number. Any rounding down and extinguishment may be done with or without any in lieu cash payment or other compensation being made to the holder of the relevant rights, such that value received on exchange of the rights may be considered less than the value that the holder would otherwise expect to receive. All holders of rights shall be treated in the same manner with respect to the issuance of shares upon conversions of the rights. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the rights agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York located in the County of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement and rights agreement designate the courts of the State of New York located in the County of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants and rights, which could limit the ability of warrant holders or rights holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial 
 13 

business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent, Rights Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our ordinary shares, rights agent for our rights and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent, rights agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Certain Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the 
 14 

foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 
 15 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offer or may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business. Shareholders Suits. Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 16 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 30 years in the first instance); an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes that were paid by us or 
 17 

are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; So long as our securities are then listed on the Nasdaq, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into our initial business combination; If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 15 months (or up to 18 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of our initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest and other income earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, 
 18 

nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Anti-Money Laundering, Counter-Terrorism Financing, Prevention of Proliferation Financing and Financial Sanctions Compliance Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Law (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Law (2018 Revision) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. Data Protection Cayman Islands We have certain duties under the Data Protection Law, 2017 of the Cayman Islands (the DPL based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice Introduction This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPL personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. Investor Data We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPL, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPL, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPL or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. 
 19 

Who this Affects If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the Company May Use a Shareholder s Personal Data The company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: (a) where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; (b) where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering, counter-terrorist financing, prevention of proliferation financing, financing sanctions and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or (c) where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data In certain circumstances we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the United States, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data Protection Measures We Take Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPL. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Rights of Individual Data Subjects Individual data subjects have certain data protection rights, including the right to: be informed about the purposes for which your personal data are processed; access your personal data; stop direct marketing; 
 20 

21 

restrict the processing of your personal data; have incomplete or inaccurate personal data corrected; ask us to stop processing your personal data; be informed of a personal data breach (unless the breach is unlikely to be prejudicial to you); complain to the Data Protection Ombudsman; and require us to delete your personal data in some limited circumstances. Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Securities Eligible for Future Sale As of December 31, 2022, we had 30,666,667 ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, the Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering (23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares) are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the outstanding founder shares (7,666,667 founder shares) and all of the outstanding private placement warrants (13,350,000 private placement warrants) will be restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares, rights or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares, rights or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 1 of the total number of ordinary shares then-outstanding, which will equal 230,000 shares immediately after our initial public offering; or the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 
 22 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, our sponsor will be able to sell its founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed on the effective date of our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Except as described herein, pursuant to a letter agreement that our sponsor, directors and executive officers have entered into with us, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 120 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares. We refer to such transfer restrictions throughout this exhibit as the lock-up. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, are entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Listing of Securities Our units, Class A ordinary shares, rights and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols SVIIU, SVII, SVIIR and SVIIW, respectively. 
 23 

</EX-4.7>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 svii-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Christopher Sorrells, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and (b) [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Christopher Sorrells Christopher Sorrells Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 svii-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Robert Kaplan, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. [Paragraph intentionally omitted in accordance with SEC Release Nos. 34-47986 and 34-54942]; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Robert Kaplan Robert Kaplan Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of Business Development (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 svii-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Christopher Sorrells, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Christopher Sorrells Christopher Sorrells Chief Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 svii-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Spring Valley Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert Kaplan, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 28, 2023 By: /s/ Robert Kaplan Robert Kaplan Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 svii-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 svii-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 svii-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 svii-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

