<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230327_10-K_edgar_data_1182731_0001683168-23-001765.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1724697</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76456</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>406930</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>341372</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>367633</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>494851</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001683168-23-001765.hdr.sgml : 20230327
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230327074759
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001683168-23-001765
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230327
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230327

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ConneXionONE Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001182731
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				301252905
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-50075
		FILM NUMBER:		23761453

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39899 BALENTINE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94560
		BUSINESS PHONE:		408-533-8155

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		39899 BALENTINE DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			NEWARK
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94560

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Alternative Fuel Technologies, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220725

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CRESSET PRECIOUS METALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020826

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001683168-23-001765.txt : 20230327

10-K
 1
 connexionone_i10k-123122.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the year ended , 2022 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

+ 1- - 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Alternative
Fuel Technologies, Inc. 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 None 
 
 AFTC 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required
to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 
No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark
if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting
under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its
audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 

The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of
the registrant was approximately as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 

The number of shares of the registrant's common stock
outstanding on March 20, 2023 was . 

CONNEXIONONE CORP. 

 FORMERLY ALTERNATIVE FUEL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 ii 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Description of Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 4 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 4 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 4 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 4 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 4 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 5 
 
 Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 5 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis Of Financial Condition and Results of Operation 
 5 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 8 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 8 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 8 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 8 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 9 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 10 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 11 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 12 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 13 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 14 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits; Financial Statement Schedules 
 15 
 
 Item 16. 
 10-K Summary 
 15 

SIGNATURES 
 16 

i 

Use of Certain Defined Terms 

Except as otherwise indicated by the context, references
in this report to ConneXionONE Corp. , we, us, our, our Company . 

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ).
Forward-looking statements discuss matters that are not historical facts. Because they discuss future events or conditions, forward-looking
statements may include words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, intend, could, 
 should, would, may, seek, plan, might, will, 
 expect, anticipate, predict, project, forecast, potential, 
 continue negatives thereof or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, are
based on various underlying assumptions and current expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Such statements involve known
and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievement to
be materially different from the results of operations or plans expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

We cannot predict all of the risks and uncertainties.
Accordingly, such information should not be regarded as representations that the results or conditions described in such statements or
that our objectives and plans will be achieved and we do not assume any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any of these
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K and
include information concerning possible or assumed future results of our operations, including statements about potential acquisition
or merger targets; business strategies; future cash flows; financing plans; plans and objectives of management; any other statements regarding
future acquisitions, future cash needs, future operations, business plans and future financial results, and any other statements that
are not historical facts. 

These forward-looking statements represent our intentions,
plans, expectations, assumptions and beliefs about future events and are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors. Many of those
factors are outside of our control and could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed or implied by those
forward-looking statements. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the events described in the forward-looking statements
might not occur or might occur to a different extent or at a different time than we have described. You are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of the Annual Report on Form 10-K. All subsequent written
and oral forward-looking statements concerning other matters addressed in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and attributable to us or any
person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. 

Except to the extent required by law, we undertake
no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, a change in events,
conditions, circumstances or assumptions underlying such statements, or otherwise. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

Business Overview 

(a) Business Development 

ConneXionONE Corp. (the Company was
organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on November 12, 1997, under Caspian Development Group, Inc. The Company changed its name
to Zenith International, Inc. in 1999, then to Cresset Precious Metals Inc in 2001, and to its current name, Alternative Fuel Technologies,
Inc. on October 2, 2007. In 2018, the Company changed its domicile to the State of North Carolina and on October 24, 2018 changed its
current name to ConneXionONE Corp. 

The Company was a development stage company in the
business of fuel injection systems and DME fuel injection systems, for internal combustion engines. The Company filed Form 10-SB in 2002.
The Company was severely delinquent in filing annual reports for the Company s charter. In addition, the company was subject to
Exchange Act reporting requirements including filing 10Q s and 10Ks. The Company was out of compliance with Exchange Act reporting
and filed a Form 15-12G to terminate their registration on September 7, 2007. 

Business operations for Alternative Fuel Technologies,
Inc. was abandoned by former management and a custodianship action, as described in the subsequent paragraph, was commenced in 2017. 

On May 27, 2017, the Sixteenth District Court of Macomb
County of Michigan granted the Application for Appointment of Receiver as a result of the absence of a functioning board of directors
and the revocation of the Company s charter. The order appointed Tara Harvey Ms. Harvey , the Receiver receiver with the right to appoint officers and directors, negotiate and compromise debt, execute contracts, issue stock, and authorize
new classes of stock. 

Upon appointment as the Receivership of AFTC and under
its duties stipulated by the Michigan court, Ms. Harvey took initiative to organize the business of the issuer. As Receiver, the duties
were to conduct daily business, hold shareholder meetings, appoint officers and directors, reinstate the company with the Nevada Secretary
of State. Ms. Harvey also had authority to enter into contracts and find a suitable merger candidate. Ms. Harvey was compensated for her
role as custodian in the amount of 750,000,000 shares of Restricted Common Stock. Ms. Harvey did not receive any additional compensation,
in the form of cash or stock, for custodian services. The custodianship was discharged on November 18, 2017. 

On March 13, 2018, Ms. Harvey entered into a Stock
Purchase Agreement with Haining Zhang, whereby Haining Zhang purchased 750,000,000 shares of Restricted Common Stock. These shares represent
the controlling block of stock. Ms. Harvey resigned her position of sole officer and director and appointed Mr. Zhang as CEO and Director
of the Company. 

On September 10, 2018, a change of control occurred
and Changs International, LLC (controlled by Chris Chang) purchased the control block of stock. The Company also entered into a Share
Exchange Agreement to acquire all of the shares of ConneXionONE Corp XONE
Cayman ), a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The agreement called for the exchange of all of the shares of XONE Cayman
for the equivalent of 95 of the shares of the Company. On October 24, 2018, the Company filed to amend its Articles of Incorporation
and change its name to ConneXionONE Corp. Mr. Zhang resigned all of his positions as officer and director of the Company and Mr. Chris
Chang was appointed sole Officer and Director. 

The cancellation of the share exchange agreement was
completed in 2021 and the Company moved forward with its current business plan. AFTC changed its name to ConneXionONE Corp in 2018 in
the state of North Carolina. The Company did not have control or ownership of XONE Cayman and no shares of AFTC were exchanged. The North
Carolina corporation has no affiliation with the Cayman Islands corporation. The cancellation of the share exchange agreement did not
have an impact on the Company and its ownership and there is no impact to the Company's financial statements and footnotes. 

1 

The Company ceased being a shell company as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 defines a shell company as a company that has 

(A) no or nominal operations; and, 

(B) either, 

(1) no or nominal assets; 

(2) assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or, 

(3) assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

The determination was made based on the following: 

1) The Company has begun business operations in the 2nd quarter of 2022 pursuant to its business plan. As
such, the Company does not have nominal operations. 

2) On June 1, 2022, the Company has entered into a Software Development and Operation Service Agreement with
a service provider to develop and maintain its social media platform application. The Company has made a total payment of 238,000 to
the service provider for the development of the platform as of September 30, 2022. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company shall
own all copyrights and intellectual property rights thereto. The initial version of the application was completed on October 27, 2022
and is available for download by the public. As such, the Company does not have assets consisting of any amount or solely of cash and
cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

Accordingly, pursuant to the status above, the Company
is a development stage company that has engaged in activities that are, at a minimum, sufficient to manifest a strong commitment in pursuing
a legitimate business as set forth in the Company s business plan. Based on the business conducted by the Company since June 2022,
the Company believes it ceased being a shell company and has remained a non-shell company since then based on the most recent quarterly
filings. 

(b) Business of Issuer 

ConneXionONE Corp. formerly Alternative Fuel Technologies, Inc. is a development
stage company. Our business plan includes acquisitions of operating companies. The focus of the Company s future business involves
developing and operating a decentralized social media platform. Our business plan incorporates decentralized concept of social media platforms
which do not have a centralized governing body and may, at some point, provide viable alternatives to established platforms like Twitter,
Instagram, Facebook and TikTok. 

Social media mining is the process of representing, analyzing, and extracting
meaningful and directed patterns from data in social media, resulting from social interactions. It is an interdisciplinary field encompassing
techniques from computer science, data mining, machine learning, social network analysis, network science, sociology, ethnography, statistics,
optimization, and mathematics. Social media mining represents the virtual world of social media in a computable way, measures it, and
designs models that can help us understand its interactions. In addition, social media mining provides necessary tools to mine this world
for interesting patterns, analyze information diffusion, study influence and provide effective recommendations, and analyze social behavior
in social media. 

We feel that our business plan addresses the need for additional development
in the decentralized social media industry. 

Decentralized social media DCSM platform is a sharing/consortium
platform that will benefit Users, Content Providers, Advertisers, and Communication service providers. 

DCSM Platform comprises of 3 major components, Content Aggregator, Mobile
Advertising Mediation, Communication Proxy: 

Content Aggregator 

analyzes the contents type and formats (text/picture and video) 
 
 sorts and distributes appropriate contents to users app based on user preferences 
 
 categorizes, matches, and tags contents with the suitable/appropriate advertisements 

2 

Mobile Advertising Mediation 

accepts
mobile ads from businesses, product/service providers, ad agencies, etc. 
 
 categorizes,
matches, and associates the received ads with the most relevant and appropriate contents 
 
 Distributes
ads with associated contents to users mobile app 

Communication Proxy 

interconnects with communication service providers, including VoIP service providers, Instant Messaging app service providers, Live
Video Broadcast app service providers, 
 allowing
interconnected service providers to make on-net communications with DCSM app users 

The analysis will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our management.
As of the date of this filing, we have not entered into definitive agreements. In our continued efforts to analyze potential business
plan, we intend to consider the following factors: 

Potential for growth, indicated by anticipated market expansion or new technology; 

Competitive position as compared to other DCSM platforms of similar size and experience within the social media within the industry
as a whole 

Strength and diversity of management, and the accessibility of required management expertise, personnel, services, professional assistance,
and other required items 

Capital requirements and anticipated availability of required funds, to be provided by the Company or from operations, through the
sale of additional securities or convertible debt, through joint ventures or similar arrangements or from other sources 

The extent to which the business opportunity can be advanced in the marketplace; and 

Other relevant factors 

In applying the foregoing criteria, management will attempt to analyze
all factors and circumstances and make a determination based upon reasonable investigative measures and available data. Due to our limited
capital available for investigation, we may not discover or adequately evaluate adverse facts about the opportunity to be acquired. Additionally,
we will be competing against other entities that may have greater financial, technical, and managerial capabilities for identifying and
completing our business plan. 

We are unable to predict when we will, if ever, identify and implement
our business plan. We anticipate that proposed business plan would be made available to us through personal contacts of our directors,
officers and principal stockholders, professional advisors, broker-dealers, venture capitalists, members of the financial community and
others who may present unsolicited proposals. In certain cases, we may agree to pay a finder s fee or to otherwise compensate the
persons who introduce the Company to business opportunities in which we participate. 

As of this filing, we have not raised any capital and our business is under
development stage, and the Company is focused on raising capital for its business plans. We have not realized any revenues. However, We
have engaged developers and started the development of our first mobile app for the decentralized social media platform of the Company. 

On July 29, 2022, the Company s board and shareholders have approved
the following actions by amending the Company s Amended Articles of Incorporation to effect: 

 1) a corporate
name changed from Alternative Fuel Technologies, Inc. to ConneXionONE Corp.; and 

 2) a one-for-one
thousand (1:1,000) reverse stock split of the Company s class of common stock with all other aspects to remain unchanged 

The corporate actions are pending approval from Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority (FINRA). 

3 

On June 1, 2022, the Company has entered into a Software Development and
Operation Service Agreement with a developer to develop and maintain its social media platform application. The Company has made payments
of 380,000 for the development. The Company is a development stage company pursuing an actual business in accordance to the business
plans where it has entered into development agreement with a developer and incurred material expenditures for the development of the platform. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide the information required by this item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

The Company does not own any real estate or other
properties and has not entered into any long-term lease or rental agreements for property. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

There are no pending legal proceedings to which the
Company is a party or in which any director, officer or affiliate of the Company, any owner of record or beneficially of more than 5 
of any class of voting securities of the Company, or stockholder is a party adverse to the Company or has a material interest adverse
to the Company. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

4 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY,
RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Market Information 

Our Common Stock is quoted on OTC markets. It is currently
quoted on OTC Markets under the symbol AFTC and there is limited liquidity in the public trading market for the class of common equity.
Although our stock is quoted on OTC markets, the existence of limited or sporadic quotations should not of itself be deemed to constitute
an established public trading market. There is no established public trading market for our shares. 

The Company is under the OTC Markets Pink Current
Information designation. This designation is given when a company has current information, either to the SEC, the Company s
home country regulator, or directly to OTC Markets Group. The Company s stock is not eligible for proprietary broker-dealer quotations.
All quotes in the Company s stock reflect unsolicited customer orders. Unsolicited-Only stocks have a higher risk of wider spreads,
increased volatility, and price dislocations. Investors may have difficulty selling this stock. An initial review by a broker-dealer under
SEC Rule15c2-11 is required for brokers to publish competing quotes and provide continuous market making. 

Stockholders 

As of December 31, 2022, there are approximately 182
holders of an aggregate of 71,850,033,691shares of our Common Stock issued and outstanding. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends to date and do
not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is the president intention of management to utilize all available
funds for the development of the Registrant s business. 

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

There were no repurchases of our common stock during
the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

This Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is intended to provide a reader of our financial statements with a narrative from the
perspective of our management on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect
our future results. The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements
and the accompanying notes thereto included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. In addition to historical
financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions. See Forward-Looking Statements. Our results and the timing of selected events may differ materially from those
anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. 

5 

Business Overview 

ConneXionONE Corp. (the Company began
active business operation pursuant to its business plan which is to develop and operate a decentralized social media platform that does
not have a centralized governing body and may, at some point, provide viable alternatives to established platforms like Twitter, Instagram,
Facebook and TikTok. 

Recent Developments 

The Company ceased being a shell company as defined
in Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 defines a shell company as a company that has 

(A) no or nominal operations; and, 

(B) either, 

a. no or nominal assets; 

b. assets consisting solely of cash and cash equivalents; or, 

c. assets consisting of any amount of cash and cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

The determination was made based on the following: 

1) The Company has begun business operations in the 2nd quarter of 2022 pursuant to its business plan. As
such, the Company does not have nominal operations. 

2) On June 1, 2022, the Company has entered into a Software Development and Operation Service Agreement with
a service provider to develop and maintain its social media platform application. The Company has made a total payment of 238,000 to
the service provider for the development of the platform as of September 30, 2022. Under the terms of the Agreement, the Company shall
own all copyrights and intellectual property rights thereto. The initial version of the application was completed on October 27, 2022
and is available for download by the public. As such, the Company does not have assets consisting of any amount or solely of cash and
cash equivalents and nominal other assets. 

Accordingly, pursuant to the status above, the Company
is a development stage company that has engaged in activities that are, at a minimum, sufficient to manifest a strong commitment in pursuing
a legitimate business as set forth in the Company s business plan. Based on the business conducted by the Company since June 2022,
the Company believes it ceased being a shell company and has remained a non-shell company since then based on the most recent quarterly
filings. 

Going Concern 

Our auditor has indicated in their reports on our
financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern due to our recurring losses from operations, deficit in equity, and the need to raise additional capital
to fund operations. A going concern opinion could impair our ability to finance our operations through the sale of debt
or equity securities. 

Results of Operations - Years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Revenue 

We had no revenues from operations during either December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

General and Administrative Expense 

General and Administrative Expenses were 92,490 for the year ended, December
31, 2022 compared to 6,359 for the year ended December 31, 2021, an increase of 72,841. The increase is due to expenses incurred for
the development of the business and professional fees of being a reporting company. 

6 

Net Loss 

We had a net loss of 92,490 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared
to 6,539 for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity - At December
31, 2022 and 2021 

Cash Used in Operating Activities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had cash used in operating activities in the amount of 13,740 and 6,519, respectively, which were primarily due to net loss
for the year, and accounts payable and accrued liabilities. 

Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had cash used in investing activities in the amount of 380,000 and 0, respectively, for the development of its platform application. 

Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the
Company had cash provided by financing activities in the amount of 398,771 and cash used in financing activities of 143,926, respectively,
which consisted of working capital advances from and repayment to our CEO. 

As of December 31, 2022, and 2021, we had cash and
cash equivalents of 5,032 and nil, respectively. 

Our auditors have issued a going concern 
opinion, meaning that there is substantial doubt if we can continue as an on-going business for the next twelve months unless we obtain
additional capital. No substantial revenues are anticipated until we have implemented our plan of operations. 

The Company requires additional funding to meet its
ongoing obligations and to fund anticipated operating losses. Our auditor has expressed substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on raising capital to fund its initial business
plan and ultimately to attain profitable operations. These financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability
and classification of recorded asset amounts, or amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from this uncertainty. 

We expect to incur marketing and professional and
administrative expenses as well expenses associated with maintaining our filings with the Commission. We will require additional funds
during this time and will seek to raise the necessary additional capital. If we are unable to obtain additional financing, we may be required
to reduce the scope of our business development activities, which could harm our business plans, financial condition and operating results.
Additional funding may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. The Company intends to continue to fund its business by way of
equity or debt financing and advances from related parties. Any inability to raise capital as needed would have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

If we cannot raise additional funds, we will have
to cease business operations. As a result, investors in the Company s common stock would lose all of their investment. 

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements 

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements currently
contemplated by management or in place that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on the business, financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenue or expenses, result of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures and/or capital resources. 

7 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

The Company has implemented all new accounting pronouncements
that are in effect and that may impact its financial statements and does not believe that there are any other new accounting pronouncements
that have been issued that might have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not applicable to a smaller reporting company 
as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

The full text of the Company s financial statements
for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

There have been no changes in or disagreements with
accountants regarding our accounting, financial disclosures or any other matter. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

The management of the Company is responsible for establishing
and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as required by Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Section 404 A. The Company s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s
financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal control over financial reporting established in
SEC guidance on conducting such assessments as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management conducted the assessment based
on certain criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission. Based on this assessment, management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting was not effective
as of December 31, 2022. 

The matters involving internal controls and procedures
that the Company s management considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board were: (1) lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors,
resulting in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures; (2) inadequate segregation
of duties consistent with control objectives; (3) insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and (4) ineffective controls over period
end financial disclosure and reporting processes. The aforementioned material weaknesses were identified by the Company s Chief
Financial Officer in connection with the review of our financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and communicated the matters to our
management. 

Management believes that the material weaknesses set
forth in items (2), (3) and (4) above did not have an effect on the Company s financial results. However, management believes that
the lack of a functioning audit committee and lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s board of directors, resulting
in ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures can result in the Company s
determination to its financial statements for the future years. 

8 

We are committed to improving our financial organization.
As part of this commitment, we will create a position to segregate duties consistent with control objectives and will increase our personnel
resources and technical accounting expertise within the accounting function when funds are available to the Company: i) Appointing one
or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be appointed to the audit committee of the Company resulting in a fully
functioning audit committee who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures;
and ii) Preparing and implementing sufficient written policies and checklists which will set forth procedures for accounting and financial
reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements. 

Management believes that the appointment of one or
more outside directors, who shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack of a functioning audit committee
and a lack of a majority of outside directors on the Company s Board. In addition, management believes that preparing and implementing
sufficient written policies and checklists will remedy the following material weaknesses (i) insufficient written policies and procedures
for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of US GAAP and SEC disclosure requirements; and
(ii) ineffective controls over period end financial close and reporting processes. Further, management believes that the hiring of additional
personnel who have the technical expertise and knowledge will result proper segregation of duties and provide more checks and balances
within the department. Additional personnel will also provide the cross training needed to support the Company if personnel turn over
issues within the department occur. This coupled with the appointment of additional outside directors will greatly decrease any control
and procedure issues the company may encounter in the future. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

This annual report does not include an attestation
report of the company s registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by the company s registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange
Act that occurred during the small business issuer s last fiscal year that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

We will continue to monitor and evaluate the effectiveness
of our internal controls and procedures and our internal controls over financial reporting on an ongoing basis and are committed to taking
further action and implementing additional enhancements or improvements, as necessary and as funds allow. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes that have affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange
Act) during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

9 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE 

Our executive officers and director are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 Chris Chang 
 
 59 
 
 CEO, President, Director, CFO 

Chris Chang, Chief Executive Officer, President,
Director 

Employment History: 

CEO and Director of Alternative Fuel Technologies, Inc. - 2018 to Present 
Founder and CEO of ConneXionONE - 2018 to Present 

Mr. Chang is the founder, director and CEO of ConneXionONE Corp. He founded
the company in 2018 and continues to be the sole officer and director. Mr. Chang has been an entrepreneur in Taiwan and US with over 25
years of experiences in the telecommunications industry covering 5 continents. He is engaged in telecommunications product development,
business alliance development, global sales and marketing, and strategic planning involving VOIP services. Mr. Chang is the owner of Connection
Portal, Inc. (USA), a global VoIP service provider and ConneXionONE Communications Inc. (USA), a hosted PBX service provider. 

Mr. Chang s knowledge in the
telecommunications industry and his experience with startup companies make him a great fit for the position of officer and director of
Alternative Fuel Technologies, Inc. He has extensive knowledge of smaller companies that require regulatory compliance. Mr. Chang has
experience and good working knowledge in the areas of internal company controls and daily management of companies. 

Director Independence 

Our board of directors is currently composed of one
member who do not qualify as independent directors in accordance with the published listing requirements of the NASDAQ Global Market.
The NASDAQ independence definition includes a series of objective tests, such as that the director is not, and has not been for at least
three years, one of our employees and that neither the director, nor any of his family members has engaged in various types of business
dealings with us. In addition, our board of directors has not made a subjective determination as to each director that no relationship
exists which, in the opinion of our board of directors, would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director, though such subjective determination is required by the NASDAQ rules. Had our board of directors made
these determinations, our board of directors would have reviewed and discussed information provided by the directors and us with regard
to each director s business and personal activities and relationships as they may relate to us and our management. 

Involvement in Legal Proceedings 

To our knowledge, there have been no material legal
proceedings during the last ten years that would require disclosure under the federal securities laws that are material to an evaluation
of the ability or integrity of any of our directors or executive officers. 

Potential Conflicts of Interest 

We are not aware of any current or potential conflicts
of interest with our directors or executive officers, other business interests and their involvement with the Company 

10 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Summary Compensation Table 

The Company has made no provisions for paying cash
or non-cash compensation to its officer and director. No salaries are being paid at the present time, and none will be paid unless and
until our operations generate sufficient cash flows. 

Summary Compensation of Named Executive Officers 

Name and Principal Position 
 Fiscal Year 
 Salary 
 ) 
 Bonus 
 ) 
 Stock Awards 
 ) 
 Option Awards 
 ) 
 All Other Compensation 
 ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Chris Chang, 
 2022 

Chief Executive Officer, President, Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 

Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

We did not pay any salaries in 2022 or 2021. None
of our executive officers received any equity awards, including, options, restricted stock, performance awards or other equity incentives
during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Employment Contracts 

The Company has not entered into any employment agreements
with its officer and director. 

Stock Awards Plan 

The Company has not adopted a Stock Awards Plan, but
may do so in the future. The terms of any such plan have not been determined. 

Director Compensation 

The Board of Directors of the Company has not adopted
a stock option plan. The Company has no plans to adopt it but may choose to do so in the future. If such a plan is adopted, this may be
administered by the board or a committee appointed by the board (the Committee ). The committee would have the power to modify,
extend or renew outstanding options and to authorize the grant of new options in substitution therefore, provided that any such action
may not impair any rights under any option previously granted. ConneXionONE Corp. may develop an incentive-based stock option plan for
its officers and directors and may reserve up to 10 of its outstanding shares of common stock for that purpose. 

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION 
 
 Name 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) 
 Stock 
 Awards ) 
 Option Awards ) 
 Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) 
 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) 
 All Other Compensation ) 
 Total 
 ) 
 
 Chris Chang 

11 

Board Committees 

We have not formed an Audit Committee, Compensation
Committee or Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee as of the filing of this Annual Report. Our Board of Directors performs the
principal functions of an Audit Committee. We currently do not have an audit committee financial expert on our Board of Directors. We
believe that an audit committee financial expert is not required because the cost of hiring an audit committee financial expert to act
as one of our directors and to be a member of an Audit Committee outweighs the benefits of having an audit committee financial expert
at this time. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each director and named executive officer, (ii) all executive
officers and directors as a group; and (iii) each shareholder known to be the beneficial owner of 5 or more of the outstanding common
stock of the Company as of December 31, 2022. 

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with
the rules of the SEC. Generally, a person is considered to beneficially own securities: (i) over which such person, directly or indirectly,
exercises sole or shared voting or investment power, and (ii) of which such person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership at any
time within 60 days (such as through exercise of stock options or warrants). For purposes of computing the percentage of outstanding shares
held by each person or group of persons, any shares that such person or persons has the right to acquire within 60 days of December 31,
2022 are deemed to be outstanding, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other
person. The inclusion herein of any shares listed as beneficially owned does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership. 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 
 Common Stock (3) 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of 
Shares 
Beneficially 
Owned 

Percentage 
Ownership of 
Shares of 
Common Stock 

Changs International LLC (1) 
 Chris Chang is control person 
 32679 Kenita Way 
 Union City, CA 94587 

25,479,683,844 
 Chris Chang, Officer and Director 

35.46 

Han-Yun Hsu 
 No. 17, Aly 9, Ln. 79 Lida St 
 Zhunan township, Miaoli County 350 
 Taiwan 

6,583,207,118 
 Beneficial owner of more than 5 

9.16 

Cho-Chun Miao (2) 
14F, No 1, Ln. 126, Sec. 1 
Xuefu Rd., Tucheng Dist. 
New Taipei City 236 
Taiwan 

3,763,867,431 
Beneficial owner of more than 5 

5.24 

Nien-Ting Tsai 
2F, No 6. Ln. 140, Sec 7, Zohgshan N Rd, Shilin Dist 
Taipei 
Taiwan 

4,500,000,000 
 Beneficial owner of more than 5 

6.26 

25,479,683,844 

35.46 

(1) 
 All officers and directors as a group 

(2) 
 Cho-Chun Miao is the spouse of Mr. Chris Chang 

(3) 
 Based on 71,850,033,691 shares outstanding 

12 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIP AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE 

Regulation S-K, Item 4, Section C require disclosure
of promoters and certain control persons for registrants that are filing a registration statement on Form 10 under the Exchange Act and
that had a promoter at any time during the past five fiscal years shall: 

(i) State the names of the promoter(s), the nature and amount of anything of value (including money, property,
contracts, options or rights of any kind) received or to be received by each promoter, directly or indirectly, from the registrant and
the nature and amount of any assets, services or other consideration therefore received or to be received by the registrant; and 

(ii) As to any assets acquired or to be acquired by the registrant from a promoter, state the amount at which
the assets were acquired or are to be acquired and the principle followed or to be followed in determining such amount, and identify the
persons making the determination and their relationship, if any, with the registrant or any promoter. If the assets were acquired by the
promoter within two years prior to their transfer to the registrant, also state the cost thereof to the promoter. 

Ms. Harvey is considered a promoter(s) under the meaning
of Securities Act Rule 405. Ms. Harvey was appointed custodian of the Company and under its duties stipulated by the Nevada court. Ms.
Harvey took initiative to organize the business of the issuer. As receiver, her duties were to conduct daily business, hold shareholder
meetings, appoint officers and directors, reinstate the company with the North Carolina Secretary of State. The custodian also had authority
to enter into contracts and find a suitable merger candidate. In addition, Ms. Harvey was compensated for her role as custodian and paid
outstanding bills to creditors on behalf of the company. The custodian has not, and will not, receive any additional compensation, in
the form of cash or stock, for custodian services. The receivership was discharged on November 18, 2017. 

Under Regulation S-K Item 404(c)(2) Registrants shall
provide the disclosure required by paragraphs (c)(1)(i) and (c)(1)(ii) of this Item as to any person who acquired control of a registrant
that is a shell company, or any person that is part of a group, consisting of two or more persons that agree to act together for the purpose
of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of equity securities of a registrant, that acquired control of a registrant that is a shell
company. 

As disclosed in Item 4, there are persons, Changs
International LLC (controlled by Chris Chang), and Cho-Chun Miao (Chris Chang s wife) are considered control persons and acquired
control of the Company. As discussed in Item 1, Changs International, LLC purchased the majority of the Company s Restricted Common
Stock. These shares represent the controlling block of stock and were purchased from Mr. Zhang for 250,000. 

Chris Chang is our CEO and President, and sole member
and control person for Changs International LLC. He is not deemed to be independent under Regulation S-K 229.407(a). 

Cho-Chun Miao is the wife of our CEO, Chris Chang,
but has no direct relationship with Changs International LLC, other than her relationship to its owner. 

Han-Yun Hsu and Nien-Ting Tsai are shareholders owning
more than 5 of the outstanding shares of our common stock. 

Han-yun Hsu, Nien-Ting Tsai, have no relationship
with Changs International LLC and have no relationship with AFTC, other than being beneficial shareholders. 

We have not established any committees of the Board
of Directors. 

Except as set forth above, there have been no related
party transactions, or any other transactions or relationships required to be disclosed. 

Transactions with Related Persons 

Mr. Chris Chang, majority shareholder, director and
officer of the Company, have paid certain expenses on behalf of the Company. Such amounts are due on demand and non-interest bearing.
The outstanding amount due to related parties was 654,068 and 255,296 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

13 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent Auditors Fees 

The following table represents fees billed for each of the years ended
December 31 for professional audit services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm: 

2022 
 2021 

Audit fees 
 33,000 
 16,200 
 
 Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 
 33,000 
 16,200 

(1) Audit Fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements
and the reviews of the financial statements included in our Forms 10-Q and for any other services that were normally provided in connection
with our statutory and regulatory filings or engagements. 

(2) Audit-related fees consist of fees for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit
or review of our financial statements. 

(3) Tax fees consist of fees for professional services rendered for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

(4) All other fees consist of fees for products and services provided, other than for the services reported under the headings Audit
Fees, Audit Related Fees and Tax Fees. The Company has adopted a policy regarding the services of its
independent auditors under which our independent accounting firm is not allowed to perform any service which may have the effect of jeopardizing
the registered public accountant s independence. Without limiting the foregoing, the independent accounting firm shall not be retained
to perform the following: 

Bookkeeping or other services related to the accounting records or financial statements 

Financial information systems design and implementation 

Appraisal or valuation services, fairness opinions or contribution-in-kind reports 

Actuarial services 

Internal audit outsourcing services 

Management functions 

Broker-dealer, investment adviser or investment banking services 

Legal services 

Expert services unrelated to the audit 

Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures 

The SEC requires that before our independent registered
public accounting firm is engaged by us to render any auditing or permitted non-audit related service, the engagement be either: (i) approved
by our Audit Committee or (ii) entered into pursuant to pre-approval policies and procedures established by the Audit Committee, provided
that the policies and procedures are detailed as to the particular service, the Audit Committee is informed of each service, and such
policies and procedures do not include delegation of the Audit Committee s responsibilities to management. 

We do not have an Audit Committee. Our Board pre-approves
all services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm. 

14 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

Please see the Exhibit Index, which
is incorporated herein by reference, following the signature page for a list of our exhibits. 

ITEM 16. 10-K SUMMARY 

As permitted, the registrant has elected not to supply
a summary of information required by Form 10-K. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Executive Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101 
 
 Interactive data files pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T. 

15 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ConneXionONE Corp. 

(Registrant) 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris Chang 

Chris Chang 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris Chang 

Chris Chang 

Chief Financial Officer 

16 

Index to Financial Statements 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB No. 
 F-2 

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-3 

Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-4 

Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 F-7 

F- 1 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting 
 Firm 

To the shareholders and the board of directors
of ConneXionOne Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of ConneXionOne Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, stockholders' equity (deficit), and cash
flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States. 

Substantial Doubt about the Company s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the financial statements, the Company has
suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In addition, the Company continues to experience
negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern.
Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 3. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/ BF Borgers CPA PC 

PCAOB ID 5041 

We have served as the Company's auditor since
2022 

March 24, 2023 

F- 2 

CONNEXIONONE CORP. 

 FORMERLY ALTERNATIVE FUEL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets 

Cash 

Other current receivables and prepayments 

Total Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Due to related party 

Total Current Liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitment contingencies 

Stockholders' Deficit 

Preferred Stock Series A, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common Stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated loss 

Total Stockholders' Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Deficit 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 3 

CONNEXIONONE CORP. 

 FORMERLY ALTERNATIVE FUEL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues 

Operating expenses 

Professional fees 

Other general administrative expense 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other Income (Expenses) 

Interest income (expense) 

Total Other Income (Expenses) 

Net income (loss) before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income (loss) 

Earnings (Loss) per Share - Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares Outstanding - Basic and Diluted 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 4 

CONNEXIONONE CORP. 

 FORMERLY ALTERNATIVE
FUEL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Preferred Stock Series A 
 Common Stock 

Shares 
 Par Value, 1 
 Shares 
 Par Value, 0.001 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated income (loss) 
 Total Stockholders' Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2021 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Common shares issued for preferred stock converted 

Net loss 

Balance December 31, 2022 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 5 

CONNEXIONONE CORP. 

 FORMERLY ALTERNATIVE FUEL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

Year Ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Adjustment to reconcile Net loss from operations: 

Depreciation Amortization expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net Cash Used in Operating Activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities 

Acquisition (Disposal) of intangible assets 

Net Cash Provided by Investing Activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities 

Proceeds from (Repayment of) related party payables 

Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities 

Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash 

Cash at Beginning of Period 

Cash at End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information: 

Income Taxes Paid 

Interest Paid 

See accompanying notes to financial statements 

F- 6 

CONNEXIONONE CORP. 

 Formerly ALTERNATIVE FUEL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 As of and for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021 

The Company adopted section 740-10-25 of the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification Section 740-10-25 with regards to uncertainty income taxes. Section 740-10-25 addresses
the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements.
Under Section 740-10-25, the Company may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that
the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. The tax benefits
recognized in the financial statements from such a position should be measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty
percent (50 likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. Section 740-10-25 also provides guidance on de-recognition, classification,
interest and penalties on income taxes, accounting in interim periods and requires increased disclosures. 

potential dilutive securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

without any revenues. These factors among others raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

While the Company has not commenced operations and
generate revenues, the Company s cash position may not be significant enough to support the Company s daily operations. Management
intends to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to
further implement its business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern. While
the Company believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional funds, there can be
no assurances to that effect. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the Company s ability
to further implement its business plan and generate revenues. 

The financial statements do not include any adjustments
that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

and nil as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

Accrual carryover from prior abandoned operations 

Total other liabilities 

The liabilities of 1,002,639
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively was due on demand, unsecured, non-interest bearing, and was carried forward from the prior
abandoned operations of the Company s prior management or owners. 

The Company had certain cash, other receivable, property,
intangible assets, and inventory of 1,066,823, and outstanding wages payable, accrued liabilities, notes payable of 665,735 as of December
31, 2018 that was carryover from the abandoned business operation. Such assets were written-off and outstanding liabilities were assumed
by the custodian which are recorded as other payable in the amount of . 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

numbers
of preferred stock at par value of per share. The 5,000,000 shares have a right of 80 voting control. As of December 31, 2022 and
2021, the Company has and shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

The Company had 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock
Series A issued and outstanding that were carryover from the abandoned business entity. Each share of preferred stock is convertible into
four (4) shares of common stock with no preemptive or dividends rights. The 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock represent Seventy percent
(80 voting control of the Company. 

On May 22, 2017, the Company s appointed custodian
and its board resolved to remove the 80 super voting rights from the 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock held by Ms. Kathleen A. McCandless,
and to convert these shares into 4,000,000 shares of common stock. These shares were converted into shares of common stock on
September 9, 2022. 

Common Stock 

The Company is authorized to issue shares of Common Stock
with a par value of per share. 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the
Company has shares of common stock issued and outstanding, respectively. 

On July 29, 2022, the Company s
board and shareholders have approved a of the Company s class of common stock
with all other aspects to remain unchanged. The reverse stock split is pending approval from Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA). 

On September 9, 2022, shares of common stock
were issued for the conversion of shares of preferred stock. 

of net operating losses NOL carried forward to offset future taxable income. In assessing the realization of deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which
those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based on the assessment, management has established a full valuation
allowance against all of the deferred tax asset relating to NOLs for every period because it is more likely than not that all of the deferred
tax asset will not be realized. 

F- 12 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 connexionone_ex3101.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Chris Chang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of ConneXionONE Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris Chang 

Chris Chang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 connexionone_ex3102.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Chris Chang, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report of ConneXionONE Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in the Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrants most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and, 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris Chang 

Chris Chang 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 connexionone_ex3201.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of ConneXionONE Corp., a North Carolina corporation (the Company ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chris Chang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris Chang 

Chris Chang 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 connexionone_ex3202.htm
 CERTIFICATION

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2022 of ConneXionONE Corp., a North Carolina corporation (the Company ), as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Chris Chang, Chief Financial Officer of the Company
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The Annual Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The information contained in this Annual Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: March 27, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Chris Chang 

Chris Chang 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 aftc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 aftc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 aftc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 aftc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

