<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230214_10-K_edgar_data_88121_0000088121-23-000020.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19453398</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>300516</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2068528</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7940837</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2871581</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5640706</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000088121-23-000020.hdr.sgml : 20230214
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230214162234
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000088121-23-000020
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230214
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230214

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEABOARD CORP /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000088121
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WHOLESALE-FARM PRODUCT RAW MATERIALS [5150]
		IRS NUMBER:				042260388
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03390
		FILM NUMBER:		23629843

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9000 W. 67TH STREET
		CITY:			SHAWNEE MISSION
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9136768800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		9000 W. 67TH STREET
		CITY:			SHAWNEE MISSION
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66202

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SEABOARD ALLIED MILLING CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19820328

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HATHAWAY BAKERIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19710315

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000088121-23-000020.txt : 20230214

10-K
 1
 seb-20221231x10k.htm
 SEABOARD CORPORATION 10-K DATED DECEMBER 31, 2022

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______________ to ____________________ Commission file number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) Incorporation or Organization) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the 253,186 shares of Seaboard common stock held by nonaffiliates was approximately , based on the closing price of 3,853.41 per share on July 2, 2022, the end of Seaboard s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. As of January 31, 2023, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was . 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Part III incorporates information by reference to the registrant s definitive proxy statement, to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the close of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

SEABOARD CORPORATION FORM 10-K YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Part I Page Item 1 Business 2 Item 1A Risk Factors 8 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 15 Item 2 Properties 15 Item 3 Legal Proceedings 16 Item 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 16 Part II Item 5 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 17 Item 6 [Reserved] 18 Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 18 Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 25 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 27 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 27 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 29 Consolidated Balance Sheets 30 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 31 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 32 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 33 Item 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 57 Item 9A Controls and Procedures 57 Item 9B Other Information 58 Item 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent inspections 58 Part III Item 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 58 Item 11 Executive Compensation 58 Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 58 Item 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 58 Item 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 58 Part IV Item 15 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 59 Item 16 Form 10-K Summary 61 Signatures 62 

PART I Forward-looking Statements This report, including information included or incorporated by reference in this report, contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including with respect to the financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, future performance and business of Seaboard Corporation and its subsidiaries Seaboard ). Forward-looking statements generally may be identified as statements that are not historical in nature and statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words believes, expects, plans, may, will, should, could, anticipates, estimates, intends or similar expressions. In more specific terms, forward-looking statements include, without limitation: statements concerning the projection of revenues, income or loss, capital expenditures, capital structure or other financial items; statements regarding the plans and objectives of management for future operations; statements of future economic performance; statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of Seaboard and its management with respect to: 
 (i) Seaboard s ability to obtain adequate financing and liquidity; (ii) the price of feed stocks and other materials used by Seaboard; (iii) the sale price or market conditions for pork, agricultural commodities, renewable and biodiesel, sugar, alcohol, turkey and other products and services; (iv) the recorded tax effects under certain circumstances and changes in tax laws; (v) the volume of business and working capital requirements associated with the competitive trading environment for the Commodity Trading and Milling CT M segment; (vi) the charter hire rates and fuel prices for vessels; (vii) the fuel costs and related spot market prices for electricity in the Dominican Republic; (viii) the effect of the fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates; (ix) the profitability or sales volume of any of Seaboard s segments; (x) the anticipated costs and completion timetables for Seaboard s capital improvements, acquisitions and dispositions; (xi) the productive capacity of facilities that are planned or under construction, and the timing of the commencement of operations at such facilities; (xii) potential future impact on Seaboard s business of new legislation, rules or policies; (xiii) adverse results in pending litigation matters; or (xiv) other trends affecting Seaboard s financial condition or results of operations, and statements of the assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing statements. 
 This list of forward-looking statements is not exclusive. Forward-looking statements are based only on Seaboard s current beliefs, expectations and assumptions regarding its future financial condition, results of operations, plans, objectives, performance and business. Seaboard undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise, except as required by law. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or results. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors. The information contained in this Form 10-K and in other filings Seaboard makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including without limitation, the information under the items Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-K, identifies important factors which could cause such differences. 
 1 

Ite m 1 . Business General Development of Business Seaboard Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, Seaboard together comprise a diversified group of companies that operate worldwide in agricultural and ocean transport businesses. Seaboard is primarily engaged in hog production and pork processing in the United States U.S. commodity trading and grain processing in Africa and South America; cargo shipping services in the U.S., Caribbean and Central and South America; sugar and alcohol production in Argentina; and electric power generation in the Dominican Republic. Seaboard also has an equity method investment in Butterball, LLC Butterball ), a producer and processor of turkey products. Approximately 77 of the outstanding common stock of Seaboard is collectively owned by Seaboard Flour LLC and SFC Preferred, LLC, which are Delaware limited liability companies. Ellen Bresky, the Chairwoman of the Board of Directors, and other members of the Bresky family, including trusts created for their benefit, own the equity interests of Seaboard Flour LLC and SFC Preferred, LLC. Seaboard s diverse operations are relatively decentralized, with each segment having a management team that operates independently of the others. At certain segments, Seaboard uses vertical integration to increase its supply chain reliability. To achieve vertical integration, Seaboard has made acquisitions and invested in strategic joint ventures. All of Seaboard s segments provide basic essential goods or services, including food, energy and transportation. Accordingly, most of Seaboard s operations are heavily commodity-driven, resulting in high volatility to market prices and a cyclical nature of financial performance. Seaboard has six reportable segments: Pork, CT M, Marine, Sugar and Alcohol, Power and Turkey. Each segment s contribution to net sales and operating income (loss), and its respective assets and capital expenditures are included in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. Seaboard operates in over 45 countries, with a concentration in the U.S. and countries in Central and South America and Africa. Additional information regarding sales and property, plant and equipment located in foreign locations is also included in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements. Description of Segments Pork Segment - Seaboard, through its subsidiary Seaboard Foods LLC, is a vertically integrated pork producer that primarily produces and sells pork products to further processors, foodservice operators, distributors and grocery stores. This segment sells to U.S. customers and exports to Japan, Mexico, China and numerous other foreign markets. Seaboard s hog production facilities consist of genetic and commercial breeding, farrowing, nursery and finishing buildings. Seaboard has a 50 noncontrolling interest in Seaboard Triumph Foods, LLC STF ), which operates a pork processing plant located in Iowa, with a capacity to process approximately six million market hogs annually. Seaboard and Triumph Foods, LLC Triumph ), an independent pork processor, supply a portion of the hogs processed at the STF plant. The Pork segment also has a 50 noncontrolling interest in Daily s Premium Meats, LLC Daily s ), which produces and markets raw and pre-cooked bacon using pork bellies primarily sourced from Seaboard, Triumph and STF, at its locations in Utah, Montana and Missouri. Seaboard has marketing agreements with STF, Daily s and Triumph to market their products and has a margin-sharing arrangement with Triumph that considers the average sales price, standard costs and the mix of products sold from the Seaboard and Triumph pork processing plants. In 2022, Seaboard s Pork segment sold to Triumph a 50 interest in Seaboard de Mexico USA LLC, its ham-boning and processing plant in Mexico. The Pork segment produces biodiesel at facilities in Oklahoma and Missouri and renewable diesel at a facility in Kansas, which began operations during the third quarter of 2022. These products are produced from pork fat supplied by the Oklahoma pork processing plant and other animal fats and vegetable oils purchased from third parties and sold to fuel blenders for distribution. CT M Segment - Seaboard s CT M segment, which is managed under the name of Seaboard Overseas and Trading Group, is an integrated agricultural commodity trading, processing and logistics company. Seaboard s CT M segment has ownership interests in several non-consolidated affiliates to further its business strategies. Overall, the CT M segment, including its affiliates, has facilities in 27 countries, primarily in Africa and South America. The majority of the trading business is transacted with chartered ships or vessels this segment owns. Marine Segment - Seaboard, through its subsidiary, Seaboard Marine Ltd., and various foreign-affiliated companies and third-party agents, provides cargo shipping services in the U.S. and 26 countries in the Caribbean and Central and South America. This segment s primary operations are in Miami, Florida, and include a marine terminal and an off-port warehouse for cargo consolidation and temporary storage. Scheduled port calls are made in Brooklyn, New York; Houston, Texas; New Orleans, Louisiana; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Savannah, Georgia; and various foreign ports in the 
 2 

Caribbean and Central and South America. A network of offices and agents are used to sell freight services and this segment s capabilities allow transport by truck or rail of import and export cargo to and from various U.S. and foreign ports. This segment s fleet consists of 17 chartered and six owned vessels as of December 31, 2022, as well as dry, refrigerated and specialized containers. Sugar and Alcohol Segment - Seaboard, through its subsidiary, Seaboard Energ as Renovables y Alimentos S.R.L., operates a vertically integrated sugar and alcohol production facility in Argentina. Seaboard supplies most of the raw material processed in this facility with sugarcane grown on land that it owns. The sugar is primarily marketed locally, with some exports to other countries. The alcohol is marketed to industrial users and sold as dehydrated alcohol to certain oil companies under the Argentine governmental bioethanol program, which requires alcohol to be blended with gasoline. This segment also owns a 51-megawatt cogeneration power plant, which is fueled by the burning of sugarcane by-products, natural gas and other biomass, like woodchips. Power Segment - Seaboard, through its subsidiary, Transcontinental Capital Corp. (Bermuda) Ltd., is an independent power producer generating electricity for the Dominican Republic power grid. It is not directly involved in the transmission or distribution of electricity and is exempt from regulations under the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1938, as amended. Seaboard s Power segment uses two power-generating barges for its current operations. The barge that began operations in 2012, named Estrella Del Mar II EDM II ), is capable of using natural gas or heavy fuel oil to produce up to 108 megawatts of electricity. The barge that began operations in 2022, named Estrella Del Mar III EDM III ), can generate approximately 148 megawatts of electricity using natural gas. While EDM II remains in operation in the Dominican Republic, Seaboard continues to explore strategic alternatives for this barge, including a sale or relocation. Turkey Segment - Seaboard has a 52.5 noncontrolling interest in Butterball, a producer and processor of conventional and antibiotic-free turkey products. Butterball is a national supplier to retail stores, foodservice outlets and industrial entities, and to a lesser extent, exports products to Mexico and other foreign markets. Other Businesses Seaboard, through its subsidiary, Mount Dora Farms, Inc., processes jalape o peppers at its plant in Honduras which are primarily shipped to and sold in the U.S. Customers Seaboard does not have sales to any one customer equal to 10 or more of consolidated revenues. The Sugar and Alcohol segment had two bioethanol customers that collectively represented 35 -46 of its total sales in each of the last three years. The Power segment sells power in the Dominican Republic to wholly government-owned distribution companies and other spot-market customers. The Turkey segment had two retail customers that collectively represented approximately 27 of its total sales in each of the last three years. Competitive Conditions Competition in Seaboard s Pork segment comes from a variety of regional, national and international producers and processors and is based primarily on product quality, customer service and price. According to S P Global in 2022, Seaboard Foods LLC was ranked number three in hog production in the U.S. based on only this segment s sows in production and number four in pork processing in the U.S. based on daily processing capacity, including Triumph s and STF s capacity. Seaboard s CT M segment faces competition from numerous traders around the world and imported grain-processed products or other local producers in the same industries. Seaboard s Marine segment faces competition based on price, reliable sailing frequencies and customer service. Seaboard s Sugar and Alcohol segment owns one of the largest sugar mills in Argentina and faces significant competition for sugar and alcohol sales in the local Argentine market. Sugar and alcohol prices in Argentina can fluctuate compared to world markets due to foreign currency, Argentine government price controls and protection policies. For Seaboard s Power segment, the Dominican government sets a cap on the electricity spot market prices and establishes the dispatch order of who sells into the power grid based on a merit list. To sell to the power grid, Seaboard competes with producers utilizing various types of fuel and generation technologies, including hydro, solar, wind, natural gas, heavy fuel oil, diesel or coal. Renewable energy producers and producers who have lower variable operating costs to operate may receive dispatch preference from the Dominican government. EDM III, which was completed in 2022, uses gas turbines instead of engines and is more efficient than Seaboard s dual-fueled barge, EDM II. 
 3 

Competition within specific product categories and sales channels for the Turkey segment comes from a variety of regional and national producers and processors and is based primarily on brand, product quality, customer service and price. Seasonal Business The Turkey business is seasonal for whole birds and related products, with the holiday season driving the majority of those sales. Seaboard s other segments are not seasonally dependent to any material extent. Research and Development The majority of Seaboard s research and development occurs in the Pork segment. Within hog production operations, activities are directed at improving the genetics, health and feed efficiency of hogs. The plant processing operations focuses on increasing meat quality, as well as other manufacturing process improvements. Seaboard has also invested research and development resources in the development of biodiesel plants and a renewable diesel facility. Raw Materials and Sources of Supply During 2022, Seaboard raised approximately 90 of the hogs processed at its processing plant in Oklahoma, with the remaining hog requirements purchased primarily under contracts from independent producers. The CT M segment sources, transports and markets approximately 14 million metric tons per year of wheat, corn, soybeans, soybean meal and other commodities, generally purchased from farmers, grain elevators and wholesale merchants. Changes in origination sources, weather patterns, planting forecasts and consumption patterns may impact supply and demand and related commodity prices in this segment. The Sugar segment supplied approximately 80 of the sugar cane processed in its facility. Fuel is a significant raw material for the Power segment. EDM III only operates on natural gas and there is only one supplier in the Dominican Republic. The dispatch of EDM II is dependent on the effective sourcing of heavy fuel oil or natural gas at competitive prices. The Power segment has entered into a long-term fuel supply agreement to ensure natural gas is available for EDM III s expected operations. The Turkey segment purchases a significant portion of its grain used in the manufacturing of feed for its turkeys in North Carolina from Seaboard s partner in Butterball. Also, Butterball purchases poults for its operations from one supplier that has multiple locations. Intellectual Property Seaboard believes there is recognition of the registered trademarks identified below in the various industries Seaboard serves. While Seaboard considers all of its intellectual and proprietary rights important, Seaboard believes its business as a whole is not materially dependent on any particular patent, trademark, license or other intellectual property right. The Pork segment uses trademarks, including Seaboard Foods , Seaboard Farms , Seaboard Energy TM , Prairie Fresh , Prairie Fresh USA Prime , Our Farms, Our Commitment , St. Joe Pork and Cook-in Bag . The CT M segment uses trademarks, including Mothers Pride and Zambia s Pride in Zambia, Thunderbolt Flour and Maid Marian in Guyana, GMA and Top Pain in Ivory Coast, GMD and Jarga in Senegal and Wayne in Ecuador. The Marine segment uses trademarks, including Seaboard Marine and Seaboard Solutions . The Sugar and Alcohol segment uses trademarks, including Chango , Chango Premium and Tabacal . The Turkey segment uses trademarks, including, Butterball , Carolina Turkey and Farm to Family Butterball . Human Capital Resources Generally, Seaboard s segments operate autonomously to implement the human capital strategies that best meet the diverse needs of the workforce, industry, competitive environment and legal requirements of the countries it operates in. This often includes developing location-specific employee benefits, policies, programs and practices. Although individual programs and benefits vary by location, all segments align with Seaboard s core principles which emphasize health and safety, financial wellness, learning and development, and global diversity and acceptance. As of December 31, 2022, Seaboard had approximately 13,000 total employees, of whom approximately 52 were in the U.S., 31 were in the Caribbean, Latin and South America and 17 were in Africa. 
 4 

The following is an approximate employee breakdown by segment as of December 31, 2022: 

United States Caribbean, Latin America, South America Africa Other Total Pork Total Employees 5,590 5,590 Union 36 36 CTM Total Employees 30 651 2,100 58 2,839 Union 0 9 49 0 38 Marine Total Employees 915 1,527 2,442 Union 0 0 0 Sugar Alcohol Total Employees 1,159 1,159 Union 75 75 Power Total Employees 230 230 Union 0 0 Corporate All Other Total Employees 75 279 354 Union 0 0 0 Total Employees 6,610 3,846 2,100 58 12,614 Total Union 30 24 49 0 32 Substantially all of the Pork segment s hourly employees at its processing plant are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that expires in 2026. In the CT M segment, approximately 38 of employees at mills, primarily in Africa and South America, are subject to collective bargaining agreements with various unions under agreements that expire between 2023 and 2025. In the Sugar and Alcohol segment, substantially all of its hourly mill employees in Argentina are covered by a collective bargaining agreement that renews in April of each year. Seaboard believes it has good relationships with its employees and their representative labor organizations and experienced no work stoppages at any of its locations during 2022. Seaboard s employees are critical to operational success and their health and safety is a top priority. All full-time domestic employees are eligible to receive medical and dental benefits and participate in wellness programs. The Power segment subsidizes 85 of the employee s and families medical coverage. Almost all Marine and CT M foreign locations have either company-subsidized private health coverage or public health coverage as mandated by their local governments. All employees of the Sugar and Alcohol segment are eligible for subsidized health coverage either through the company or under a union medical program. The Pork, Sugar and Alcohol and Power segments have health clinics onsite at their respective principal locations. At times, recruitment and retention can be a challenge for certain locations in the Pork and CT M segments. In 2022, the Pork segment had a retention rate of approximately 75 primarily due to its nature of work and rural locations, and approximately 25 of the Pork segment s workforce is dependent upon employment visas in different production areas. In the CT M segment, which has operations in developing countries, challenges associated with safety and political instability exist from time to time, which may create challenges in identifying and retaining qualified local and expatriate personnel. Flexible compensation and benefit strategies are developed by Seaboard s segments to attract and retain employees and reduce turnover and associated costs. Seaboard provides competitive pay, paid time off, holidays and other benefits depending on location. All domestic employees that work over a certain number of hours are eligible to participate in the company-sponsored 401K retirement savings plan. At many of the foreign locations, Seaboard participates in government-required pension funds on behalf of its employees. Additional benefits are determined by the segment, but often include 
 5 

employee discounts on products produced such as meat and sugar in the Pork and Sugar and Alcohol segments, respectively, and back-to-school supply donations in the Power Segment. Seaboard s segments also provide on-the-job training and various professional development opportunities. For example, full time employees with at least one year of service in the Pork segment are eligible for tuition reimbursement, and the segment has developed a comprehensive training program to promote internal employees to management positions. In the Marine segment, employees are provided training courses through an online platform, including industry-specific, job-specific and general skills courses, and heavy equipment operators have a formal training program with a certain number of hours that must be met before promotion. Because Seaboard operates around the world, global diversity and acceptance are critical for continued success, including at the highest levels, where 40 of Seaboard s board of directors are female, including the chairwoman. Governmental Regulations Environmental Matters Seaboard s Pork segment and Turkey segment are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, such as treatment of wastewater and air emissions, that require the expenditure of funds in the ordinary course of business. Seaboard s Pork and Turkey segments do not anticipate making expenditures for these purposes that, in the aggregate, would have a material effect on Seaboard s financial condition or results of operations. Seaboard s Marine and CT M segments vessels are subject to environment regulations related to fuel efficiency, which may cause certain vessels to reduce their speed, potentially impacting voyage routes. Seaboard s Power segment must receive permits from local authorities to operate, including environmental licenses, among others, and these permits may be canceled or not renewed. The environmental permits for both EDM II and EDM III run through September 2023. The renewal process has been initiated and it is expected that each barge will have its corresponding permit valid for a minimum of 2 years. Other Regulations As a company with global operations, Seaboard is subject to complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations, including food safety, labor laws, trade regulations, tariffs, import and export regulations, foreign exchange regulations and anti-bribery and corruption laws. Seaboard has policies and procedures in place to require compliance with these laws and regulations. To date, Seaboard s compliance actions and costs relating to these laws, rules and regulations have not resulted in a material effect on Seaboard s financial condition or results of operations. Governmental regulations are subject to change, and accordingly, Seaboard is unable to assess the possible effect of compliance with future requirements or whether compliance with such regulations will materially impact Seaboard s business in the future. Available Information Access to all Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings, including Seaboard s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on 10-Q, current reports on 8-K and all amendments to those reports are available, free of charge, on its website at www.seaboardcorp.com/investors as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. Seaboard does not intend for information contained in its website to be part of this Form 10-K. The SEC also maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 
 6 

Information About Seaboard s Executive Officers The following table lists the executive officers of Seaboard. Generally, executive officers are elected at the annual meeting of the Board of Directors following the Annual Meeting of Stockholders and hold office until the next such annual meeting or until their respective successors are duly chosen and qualified. There are no arrangements or understandings pursuant to which any executive officer was elected. 

Name (Age) Positions and Offices Robert L. Steer (63) President and Chief Executive Officer David M. Becker (61) Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary David H. Rankin (51) Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Michael D. Trollinger (54) Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Ty A. Tywater (53) Senior Vice President, Audit Services Jacob A. Bresky (35) Vice President, International Benjamin R. Hodes (37) Vice President, Finance Adriana N. Hoskins (53) Vice President and Treasurer Elizabeth A. Loudon (58) Vice President, Tax James T. Hubler (44) Assistant Secretary Zachery J. Holden (55) Assistant Secretary Emma A. Beltz-Vacas (45) Assistant Treasurer Peter B. Brown (60) President, Seaboard Foods LLC David M. Dannov (61) President, Seaboard Overseas and Trading Group Edward A. Gonzalez (57) President, Seaboard Marine Ltd. Mr. Steer has served as President and Chief Executive Officer since July 2020. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer from April 2011 to December 2020. Mr. Becker has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since December 2020 and previously as Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary since April 2011. Mr. Rankin has served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer since December 2020. Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President, Taxation and Business Development since April 2015. Mr. Trollinger has served as Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since December 2020 and previously as Vice President, Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer since March 2015. Mr. Tywater has served as Senior Vice President, Audit Services since December 2020 and previously as Vice President, Audit Services since November 2008. Mr. Bresky has served as Vice President, International since July 2020, concurrently while also serving as Vice President of Industrial Operations with the Seaboard Overseas and Trading Group SOTG ). Prior to that, he served in various roles with SOTG for more than seven years. On January 9, 2023, Mr. Bresky was appointed as President and Chief Executive Officer of SOTG. Mr. Hodes has served as Vice President, Finance since December 2020 and previously as Finance Director since December 2019. Prior to that, he served as Finance Manager since 2015. Ms. Hoskins has served as Vice President and Treasurer since December 2020 and previously as Assistant Treasurer since 2006. Ms. Loudon has served as Vice President, Tax since December 2020 and previously as Tax Director since January 2017. Prior to that, she served as Tax Manager since 2006. Mr. Hubler has served as Assistant Secretary since April 2019, and also serves as Vice President and General Counsel with Seaboard Foods LLC. He was the Associate General Counsel at Seaboard Corporation from October 2018 until January 2022 when he was named General Counsel of Seaboard Foods LLC. Prior to joining Seaboard Corporation, Mr. Hubler was Assistant Vice President, Legal at Dairy Farmers of America, Inc. Mr. Holden has served as Assistant Secretary since June 2010, and also serves as Vice President and General Counsel with SOTG. Ms. Beltz-Vacas has served as Assistant Treasurer since January 2021 and previously as Treasury Director since July 2014. 
 7 

Mr. Brown has served as President of Seaboard Foods LLC since January 2021. Prior to joining Seaboard Foods LLC, Mr. Brown was the Chief Operating Officer of Butterball, LLC for almost two years and President and Chief Operating Officer at High Liner Foods from 2014 to 2018. Mr. Dannov served as President of SOTG since August 2006. On January 9, 2023, Mr. Dannov resigned from this position, but will continue with SOTG and assist as needed. Mr. Gonzalez has served as President of Seaboard Marine Ltd. since January 2005. Item 1A . Risk Factors Business and Operational Risks (1) International Operations May Present Certain Risks . Seaboard s international activities, some of which are in lesser-developed countries, pose risks not faced by companies that limit themselves to U.S. markets. These risks include: changes in foreign currency exchange rates, currency inconvertibility and devaluation; foreign currency exchange or retail price controls; hyperinflation; heightened customer credit and execution risk; border restrictions, tariffs, bilateral trade disputes, quotas, trade barriers, import or export licensing requirements and other trade protection measures; border closings by foreign countries to the import of products or other limitations on Seaboard s ability to access materials or ports, including due to animal disease or other perceived health or safety issues; changes in tax laws, including rules on a global minimum tax from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development OECD or country-specific laws that resemble the OECD rules; legal and regulatory structures and unexpected changes in legal and regulatory requirements and any additional compliance costs that may arise; negative perception within a foreign country of a U.S. company doing business in that foreign country; compliance with domestic and foreign laws and regulations for conducting international business such as Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act, Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations and United Kingdom Bribery Act; government instability, expropriation, confiscation, war, civil unrest, and corruption; and enforcement and compliance of local laws and remedies in foreign jurisdictions, including inconsistent application or enforcement, including tax laws, and related uncertainties affecting legal proceedings and lawsuits. Accordingly, revenues, operating income and cash flows from international operations could fluctuate significantly from year to year. In addition, border restrictions and foreign government policies and regulations could restrict the purchase of various commodities, reducing Seaboard s ability to access materials or ports, or limiting sales prices for products sold in local markets. (2) Russia s Invasion of Ukraine Could Directly or Indirectly Affect the Business . In February 2022, the Russian government commenced a war against Ukraine, resulting in significant disruption to financial and commodity markets. The Black Sea region is a major exporter of wheat, corn and other commodity products to the world, and the disruption of supply has caused volatility in prices and margins of these commodities and related products. Although Seaboard has no operational footprint in either country, the conflict may continue to impact global commodity, energy and input costs. Additionally, in response to the war, the U.S., other North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO member states, as well as non-member states, have announced enhanced export controls and targeted economic sanctions on Russia, certain Russian citizens, and Russian enterprises. Any continuation or escalation of the war may trigger a series of additional export controls and economic and other sanctions. Seaboard or its affiliates may trade in commodities originating from Russia and/or Ukraine as allowable by law. However, any future commodity trades involving Russian originated commodities could be directly or indirectly impacted by export controls, economic sanctions and the ability to collect on contracts, any of which, along with the volatility in commodities prices and margins could negatively impact Seaboard s financial condition, results of operations and the market price of its common stock. Seaboard complies with all sanctions, domestic and foreign laws and regulations applicable to its business activities. (3) Deterioration of Economic Conditions Could Adversely Affect the Business . Seaboard s business may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions, including recessions, inflation, interest 
 8 

rates (including the LIBOR phase-out in June 2023), availability of capital markets, consumer spending rates, energy availability and costs, supply chain and labor market disruptions, impacts caused by highly pathogenic disease outbreaks and other public health emergencies, and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. Any such changes could adversely affect the demand for and production of Seaboard s meat products, grains, shipping services and other products, or the cost and availability of needed raw materials and packaging materials, or workforce availability, thereby negatively affecting Seaboard s business, financial condition and results of operations. The national and global economic conditions, could, among other things: impair the financial condition of some of Seaboard s customers and suppliers, thereby increasing customer bad debts or non-performance by customers and suppliers; negatively impact global demand for protein and grain-based products, which could result in a reduction of revenues, operating income and cash flows; decrease the value of Seaboard s investments in equity and debt securities, including short-term investments used for liquidity and pension plan assets, causing losses that would adversely impact Seaboard s net earnings; and impair the financial viability of Seaboard s insurers. (4) Seaboard s Common Stock Is Thinly Traded and Subject to Daily Price Fluctuations . The common stock of Seaboard is closely held and thinly traded on a daily basis on the NYSE American. Seaboard Flour LLC and SFC Preferred, LLC, which are beneficially owned by the Bresky family, hold approximately 77 of Seaboard s outstanding common stock. Accordingly, the price of a share of Seaboard common stock could fluctuate more significantly from day-to-day than that of a share of more widely held stock that is actively traded on a daily basis. (5) Decentralization May Present Certain Risks . Seaboard s operations are relatively decentralized in comparison with its peers. While Seaboard s executive management believes this practice enables it to remain responsive to risks, opportunities and to customers needs, it necessarily places significant control and decision-making powers in the hands of local management. This presents various risks, including the risk that executive management may be slower or less able to identify or react to problems affecting a key business than in a more centralized environment. In addition, it means that Seaboard may be slower to detect compliance-related problems (e.g., a rogue employee undertaking activities that are prohibited by applicable law or Seaboard s internal policies) and that company-wide business initiatives, such as the integration of disparate information technology systems, are often more challenging and costly to implement, and their risk of failure higher, than they would be in a more centralized environment. Depending on the nature of the problem or initiative in question, such failure could materially adversely affect Seaboard s business, financial condition or results of operations. (6) Investments in Non-Consolidated Affiliates May Present Certain Risks . Seaboard has several equity method investments in which it generally owns 50 or less, with various third-party business partners owning the remaining equity. Due to the ownership structure of these affiliates, Seaboard participates in board of director s or comparable governing body s decisions but does not control the decision-making processes. Seaboard could be exposed to various business risks if the business partners business decisions do not align with Seaboard s best interests, which could adversely impact the results for Seaboard s income (loss) from affiliates. (7) Cyber-Attacks or Cybersecurity Breaches Could Adversely Affect the Business . Seaboard may be adversely impacted if it is unable to protect its information technology systems against, or effectively respond to, cyber-attacks or cybersecurity breaches. Seaboard may also be adversely impacted if third parties on whom Seaboard relies are unable to similarly protect their information technology systems. Attempted cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently and are being made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise. Any significant penetration, invasion, destruction, or interruption of these systems could negatively impact operations. Additionally, there is a risk of business interruption and reputational damage from the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information and a risk of loss to financial assets related to manipulated electronic communications, including additional costs for increased security, system remediation and breach detection. If Seaboard is unable to prevent such breaches or failures or if a third party on whom Seaboard relies is unable to prevent such breaches or failures, Seaboard s operations could be disrupted or it could negatively impact Seaboard s financial condition, results of operations and the market price of its common stock. 
 Industry Risks (1) The Food Industry May Present Certain Risks . The food products manufacturing industry is subject to the risks posed by: food spoilage; 
 9 

food contamination, including contamination caused by disease-producing organisms or pathogens, such as Listeria monocytogenes , Salmonella , E coli and aflatoxin ; food allergens; adverse weather and climate change risks; evolving consumer preferences and nutritional and health-related concerns, including plant-based proteins; international, federal, state and local food processing regulations; the possible unavailability and/or expense of liability insurance; consumer product liability claims; product recall; product tampering; and public perception of food production practices, including handling of production and live animals. Pathogens that may cause food contamination are found generally in livestock and in the environment and therefore may be present in Seaboard s products. These pathogens also can be introduced to Seaboard s products as a result of improper handling by customers or consumers. Seaboard does not have control over handling procedures once products have been shipped for distribution. If one or more of these risks were to materialize, Seaboard s brand reputation could be harmed, revenues could decrease, costs of doing business could increase, and Seaboard s operating results could be adversely affected. (2) Health Risks to Animals Could Adversely Affect Production and the Supply of Raw Materials . Seaboard is subject to risks relating to its ability to maintain animal health and control diseases. If the Pork segment s hogs or if Butterball s turkeys are affected by disease, Seaboard could be required to destroy infected animals, which could adversely affect this segment s production or ability to sell or export its products. The general health of the hogs and turkeys and their respective reproductive performance could have an adverse impact on production and production costs, the supply of raw material to their processing operations and consumer confidence. Moreover, the herd or flock health of third-party suppliers could adversely affect the supply and cost of hogs or turkeys available for purchase. Adverse publicity concerning any disease or health concern could also cause customers to lose confidence in the safety and quality of these segments food products. (3) Fluctuations in Commodity Prices May Present Certain Risks . Sales prices for many of Seaboard s products are directly affected by both domestic and worldwide supply and demand for commodities for products which it sells and competing products, all of which are determined by constantly changing market forces, as well as other factors, over which Seaboard has little to no control, including inflationary risks. In the Pork and Turkey segments, commodity pork and turkey prices demonstrate a cyclical nature over periods of years, reflecting changes in the supply of fresh meat and competing proteins on the market. In the CT M segment, fluctuating worldwide prices for wheat, corn, soybeans, soybean meal and, to a lesser degree, various other agricultural commodity products could also be caused by European flour exports, donated food aid, flour dumping practices and worldwide and local crop production. These fluctuating market conditions could have a significant impact on Seaboard s sales, value of commodities held in inventory and operating income. (4) Increases in Costs of Feed Components and Third-Party Purchases Could Adversely Affect Costs and Operating Margins . Feed costs are the most significant single component of the cost of raising hogs and turkeys and could be materially affected by commodity price fluctuations for corn and soybean meal. The costs may also be impacted by inflation. The results of the Pork and Turkey segments could be negatively affected by increased costs of its feed components. The cost and supply of feed components and the third-party purchases are determined by constantly changing market forces of supply and demand, which are driven by matters over which these segments have no control, including inflation, weather, current and projected worldwide grain stocks and prices, grain export prices, subsidies and tariffs, and governmental agricultural policies. These segments attempt to manage certain of these risks through the use of commodity derivatives; however, this may also limit the ability to participate in gains from favorable commodity fluctuations. Unless wholesale pork and turkey prices correspondingly increase, increases in the prices of feed components and costs of third-party purchases would adversely affect the segments operating margins and the value of Seaboard s investment in Butterball. In the Pork segment, approximately 10 of this segment s slaughtered hogs were purchased from third parties in 2022. 
 10 

(5) Difficulties Obtaining and Retaining Appropriate Personnel . Seaboard is dependent on having a sufficient number of properly trained operations personnel. In the Pork and Turkey segments, the nature of the work and rural locations at some processing plants and production operations, along with restrictive national policy on immigration, have affected and could continue to negatively affect the availability and cost of labor. In the CT M segment, the loss of a key employee such as a commodity trader could have a negative impact resulting from the loss of revenues as personal customer relationships can be vital to obtaining and retaining business with various foreign customers. Also, employing and retaining qualified expatriate personnel at the mills and other operating facilities are key elements to success given the difficult living conditions, the unique operating environments and the reliance on a relatively small number of executives to manage individual locations. The geographic areas in which Seaboard operates have also experienced labor shortages resulting in higher labor costs. The inability to acquire and retain the services of such personnel, or increased costs associated with the acquisition and retention of such personnel, could have a material adverse effect on Seaboard s operations. (6) The Loss or Closure of the Segments Principal Properties Could Adversely Affect the Business . The closure, even temporarily, loss of or damage to any of the segments plants for any reason, including highly pathogenic disease outbreaks, fire, weather, such as tornado, hurricane or earthquake, or the occurrence of adverse governmental action or labor unrest resulting in labor strikes could adversely affect the business of the affected segment and have a material adverse effect on Seaboard s business, financial condition and results of operations. The Pork segment is largely dependent on the continued operation at full capacity of its Oklahoma pork processing plant and the STF plant. This segment provided approximately one-third of STF s hogs for processing during 2022 and also markets substantially all pork products produced. In the Marine segment, port operations can be subject to disruption due to hurricanes or other adverse weather conditions, and any associated damage could take significant time to repair while cargos would move to other ports of entry. Recovering those volumes could prove difficult. The Sugar and Alcohol segment is largely dependent on the continued operation of a single sugar mill. Although Butterball has three processing plants and three further processing plants, Butterball is disproportionately dependent on the continued operation of the processing plant in North Carolina, that handles a significant volume of the production of further processed turkey products. (7) Disruption of Operations at Co-packers or Other Suppliers Could Adversely Affect the Business . Disruption of operations at co packers or other suppliers may impact Seaboard s product or raw material supply. Additionally, actions taken to mitigate the impact of any potential disruption, including increasing inventory in anticipation of a potential production or supply interruption, may also adversely affect Seaboard s financial results. (8) Ocean Transportation May Present Certain Risks . Seaboard s owned and chartered vessels along with related cargoes are at risk of being damaged, lost or incurring excess cost because of events such as: inclement weather; mechanical failures; grounding, fire, explosions and collisions; human error; war, piracy and terrorism; and port access and congestion. Any of these hazards could result in death or injury to persons, loss of property, environmental damages, delays or rerouting. If one of Seaboard s vessels were involved in an incident, the resulting negative public perception could have a material adverse effect on Seaboard s business, financial condition and results of operations. (9) Fluctuations in Fuel Costs Could Adversely Affect the Business . Fuel is a large expense for the Marine and Power segments and also impacts the CT M segment s results. Fuel prices can vary greatly from year to year. While such fluctuations may be offset through fuel surcharges or other mechanisms, such mechanisms do not act with precision in terms of timing and amount and may not adjust revenues enough to offset the increase in costs. 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks (1) Operations Are Subject to General Risks of Litigation . Seaboard is involved on an ongoing basis in litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. Trends in litigation may include class actions involving employees, consumers, competitors, suppliers, shareholders, or injured persons, and claims relating to product liability, contract disputes, antitrust regulations, intellectual property, advertising, labeling, wage and hour laws, employment practices or environmental matters. Litigation in certain countries carries additional risk due to lack 
 11 

of transparency in judiciaries. Neither litigation trends nor the outcomes of litigation can be predicted with certainty and adverse litigation trends and outcomes could negatively affect Seaboard s financial results. (2) Operations Are Subject to Complex Laws and Regulations . Federal, state and local laws, and domestic and international regulations governing worker health and safety, food safety and animal health and welfare, port and terminal security and the operation of vessels, including fuel regulations, significantly affect revenues, costs and the manner or feasibility of doing business. Some requirements applicable to Seaboard may also be enforced by citizen groups. In the Pork segment, select states have implemented varying standards related to the required living conditions for breeding sows. Some laws apply to animals grown in the state of enactment while, more recently, several states have enacted laws that prohibit the sale of meat from non-compliant animals grown in any of the fifty states or foreign countries. Diversity of standards for housing sows requires each producer to implement separate record-keeping to track compliant animals through the growing process to the processing plant, and finished products from the processing plant to third-party purchasers. Such laws can also impose civil and criminal penalties for failing to comply. Animal production assets have long expected useful lives. The enactment of more stringent standards can impair the value of existing assets, increase the cost of production and distribution, lower the value of non-compliant products and/or disrupt the market for pork which could result in a reduction in the sales prices of pork products. Incrementally, strict growing standards could cause the creation of regional markets of compliant products or require the industry to build compliant assets for each market. For example, the state of California enacted the Farm Animal Confinement Initiative Proposition 12 which became fully effective January 1, 2022. Proposition 12 prohibits the sale within the state of certain uncooked pork produced from breeding sows or their offspring unless certain conditions are met. However, the ultimate impact of Proposition 12 is currently pending before the U.S. Supreme Court. A California Superior Court has also issued a judgment declaring that Proposition 12 is not enforceable until July 1, 2023. Similarly, Massachusetts Question 3 would prohibit the sale of certain pork products within the state of Massachusetts, as well as the shipment of certain pork products through the state. This initiative has also been challenged in court and enforcement of Massachusetts Question 3 is currently stayed until 30 days after a decision is reached by the Supreme Court case challenging the constitutionality of Proposition 12. The volume of such pork sold into California and Massachusetts accounted for approximately 5 of Seaboard s direct sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, in addition to indirect sales through further processor customers. In the Marine segment, many aspects of the shipping industry, including rate agreements and vessel cost sharing agreements, are subject to extensive governmental regulation by the Federal Maritime Commission, the U.S. Coast Guard, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection, as well as regulation by private industry organizations. Compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards may require capital investments or operational changes. As an example, this segment may be adversely impacted by changes in vessel fuel consumption efficiency requirements. Certain ships, based on their capacity and other factors, may have to meet certain energy usage standards while sailing. The net effect could be that ships, particularly small ones which are less efficient on a twenty-foot equivalent unit basis, might need to reduce speed to consume less fuel. Failure to comply may result in administrative and civil penalties, criminal sanctions, the suspension or termination of Seaboard s operations or detention of its vessels. In the Sugar and Alcohol segment, Seaboard s alcohol production facility is affected by Argentine government regulations regarding production quotas, fuel blends and sales prices in the bioethanol market. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations and any future changes to them could result in significant consequences to Seaboard, including civil and criminal penalties, liability for damages, negative publicity and the inability to do business in certain locales. In addition, future changes in laws, regulations and standards may result in additional costs or a reduction in revenues. (3) Operations Are Subject to Stringent Environmental Regulation and Potentially Subject to Environmental Litigation, Proceedings, and Investigations . Seaboard operations and properties are subject to extensive and increasingly stringent laws and regulations pertaining to, among other things, odors, the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes (including solid and hazardous wastes) or 
 12 

otherwise relating to the protection of the environment. Compliance with these laws and regulations, as well as any modifications, may be material to Seaboard s business. 
 Specific Pork Segment Risks (1) The Operating Profit of the Biodiesel and Renewable Diesel Production Facilities Could Be Adversely Impacted by Various Factors . The profitability of this segment s biodiesel and renewable diesel plants could be adversely affected by various factors, including the market price of pork fat, other animal fats and vegetable oils, all of which are utilized to produce biodiesel and renewable diesel, and the market price for biodiesel and renewable diesel, which is influenced by inflation, world oil prices and government mandates and incentives to use biofuels. Unfavorable changes in these prices over extended periods of time or adverse changes in government mandates and incentives to use biofuels could adversely affect this segment s results of operations and could result in the potential impairment of the recorded value of the property, plant and equipment related to these facilities. In August 2022, the President of the U.S. signed the Inflation Reduction Act into law which extended the federal blender s credits through 2024 and created a new clean fuel production credit. This new credit is based on the greenhouse gas emissions factor of fuel produced and sold during 2025 through 2027. This credit may not be renewed and could be less than the federal blender s credit. (2) Further Difficulties Could Be Experienced in the Start-up of the New Renewable Diesel Production Facility . Commercial operations at this segment s new renewable diesel production facility commenced in the third quarter of 2022, but it is taking longer than planned to reach consistent operations at full capacity. Difficulties encountered in the start-up of operations could have adverse effects on results of operations. 
 Specific Commodity Trading and Milling Segment Risks (1) This Segment Uses Derivative Products to Manage Certain Market Risks . This segment enters into various commodity derivative and foreign exchange derivative transactions to create what management believes are economic hedges for commodity trades it executes or intends to execute with its customers. Failure to execute or improper execution of a derivative position, or a firmly committed sale or purchase contract, or a speculative transaction that closes without the desired result or exposure to counter party risk could have an adverse impact on the results of operations and liquidity. (2) This Segment Faces Increasing Competition from Several Sources . This segment is experiencing increasing competition in certain foreign markets by well-capitalized originators, traders of commodities making sales directly to end-use customers, and industrial-asset owners that compete in the same markets as this segment. If various competing raw material originators refuse to sell commodities to Seaboard for sale in these foreign markets, it could be more challenging for this segment to purchase commodities for sale to its customers at competitive prices. Also, competition with imported products or other local producers impact this segment s industrial operations. This segment s sales volume and sale prices for commodities to customers, as well as results of operations, could be adversely impacted by such increased competition. 
 Specific Marine Segment Risks (1) This Segment s Services Are Affected by International Trade and Fluctuating Freight Rates . This segment provides cargo shipping services in the U.S. and in many different countries in the Caribbean and Central and South America. In addition to the risks of overseas operations, fluctuations in economic conditions, inflation and unstable or hostile local political situations in the countries in which this segment operates could affect trade volumes and cargo freight rates, as well as adversely affect this segment s results of operations. (2) Chartered Ships Are Subject to Fluctuating Rates and Availability . Time-charter expenses are one of this segment s largest expenses. These costs, and availability of ships, can vary greatly due to a number of factors including the worldwide supply and demand for shipping. It is not possible to determine in advance whether a long-term charter contract will be favorable to this segment s business. Accordingly, entering into either long-term charter hire contracts during periods of decreasing charter hire costs or short-term charter hire contracts during periods of increasing charter hire costs could have an adverse effect on this segment s results of operations. This segment purchases space, also known as slots, on certain third-party operated vessels, and these ship providers may not be reliable and cause shipment delays or other challenges. 
 Specific Sugar and Alcohol Segment Risks (1) This Segment Depends on the Condition of the Argentine Economy, Currency and Political Climate . This segment operates a sugar mill, alcohol production and power generation facility in Argentina. Fluctuations in economic conditions or changes in the Argentine political climate could have an impact on the costs of operations, the sales prices of products, export opportunities and the exchange rate of the Argentine peso to the U.S. dollar. 
 13 

Local sales prices for retail sugar and bioethanol are affected by government price controls, and domestic sugar prices are affected by import duties imposed by the Argentine government, impacting local volume sold, as well as imported and exported volumes to and from international markets. If import duties are changed, this could have a negative impact on the sales prices of this segment s products. In addition, the majority of this segment s sales are within Argentina, and any Argentine government attempts to control inflation through price controls on products, including sugar and alcohol, could adversely impact the local sales prices of this segment s products and the results of operations for this segment. (2) This Segment Is Subject to Weather, Climate Change, Crop Disease and Pest Risks . This segment may be adversely affected by numerous factors over which it has little or no control, including adverse weather and growing conditions, climate change risks, pest and disease problems. Of these risks, weather and adverse climate change particularly could adversely affect the amount and quality of the sugarcane produced by this segment and/or its competitors located in other regions of Argentina. (3) Labor Relations Challenges Could Adversely Affect Operations . This segment is dependent on unionized labor at its sugar mill in Argentina. The political and economic environment in Argentina can make labor relations very challenging. Contributing to the situation are the historical policies of Argentina s government and the failure of the Argentine courts to enforce contractual obligations with unions and basic property rights. Interruptions in production as a result of labor unrest could adversely affect operations, including the quantity of sugarcane harvested, the amount of sugar, alcohol and power produced and could interfere with the distribution of products stored at the facility. 
 Specific Power Segment Risks (1) This Segment s Services Are Affected by Competition from More Efficient Energy Producers . This segment sells the power it generates primarily to government-owned distribution companies, and the government can decide which power units will be able to operate. Typically, dispatch is done based on a merit list with lower-cost power plants dispatched before those with higher costs. More efficient power producer competitors, such as from renewable energy, including hydro, solar, and wind, or other nonrenewable energy sources like coal, are less costly to operate and could cause the demand for this segment s energy to decline and the spot market rates to decline as well, which will adversely affect this segment s results of operations. (2) Supply of Natural Gas Is Limited in the Dominican Republic . Supply of natural gas in the Dominican Republic is limited to one primary supplier. EDM III only operates on natural gas, but EDM II can run on other types of fuel. Supply disruptions of natural gas could have an adverse impact on this segment s operating income. (3) This Segment Depends on the Condition of the Dominican Republic Economy, Currency and Political Climate . Fluctuations in economic conditions or changes in the Dominican Republic political climate could have an impact on the costs of operations, the sales prices of products and the exchange rate of the Dominican peso to the U.S. dollar. In addition to significant currency fluctuations and the other risks of overseas operations, this segment could experience difficulty in obtaining timely collections of trade receivables from the government-owned distribution companies or other companies that must also collect from the government in order to make payments on their accounts. Currently, the Dominican Republic does not allow a free market to enable prices to rise with demand as the supply is restricted due to insufficient cash flow from electric distributors and the subsidy the government provides, which could limit this segment s profitability. (4) This Segment May Be Unable to Renew Certain Permits . This segment s barges are subject to various permitting requirements imposed by the Dominican government. A major risk inherent in this segment s operations is the need to renew permits, and any delay or failure to obtain a renewal permit could have a significant impact on this segment s operations. 
 Specific Turkey Segment Risks (1) Adverse Operating Results or Inability to Renew Financing Could Result in Need for Raising Additional Capital. Butterball has third-party bank loan facilities that are secured by substantially all of the assets of Butterball. Adverse operating results or economic conditions could cause Butterball to default on such loan facilities or cause lenders to not renew or extend existing financing, which could result in a significant adverse impact on Butterball s financial position. As a result, Seaboard or other investors may need to make additional capital investment or provide financing to Butterball, which could adversely impact Butterball s results of operations, liquidity position or negatively impact the value, or cause dilution, of Seaboard s investment in Butterball. (2) Decreased Perception of Value in the Butterball Brand and Changes in Consumer Preferences Could Adversely Affect Sales Quantity and Price of Butterball Products . Butterball is a premium brand name, built on a long history of offering quality products that has been differentiated in the market. The value of the Butterball brand 
 14 

allows for sales of a higher unit price for certain products compared to other turkey providers. In order to maintain this advantage, Butterball must continue to support the brand with successful marketing efforts and develop new products. Consumer product preferences continue to evolve as a result of, among other things, shifting consumer demographics; inflationary and recessionary risks; changes in consumer lifestyles; digital shopping patterns; and competitive product and pricing pressures. If Butterball s products fail to meet consumer preferences, or Butterball fails to introduce new products or product extensions on a timely basis, the brand value could diminish significantly. In addition, negative news reports for any reason related to Butterball specifically or the turkey/poultry industry generally could negatively impact this brand perception, Butterball s results of operations and the value of Seaboard s investment in Butterball. 
 Item 1B . Unreso lved Staff Comments None. Item 2 . Pr operties Management believes that Seaboard s present facilities are adequate and suitable for its current purposes. Seaboard s principal properties by segment are described below: (1) Pork - Seaboard s Pork segment owns a pork processing plant in Oklahoma. It has a double-shift capacity to process approximately six million hogs annually and generally operates at capacity with additional weekend shifts depending on market conditions. Seaboard s hog production operations can breed and raise approximately eight million hogs annually at facilities it primarily owns or at facilities owned and operated by third parties with whom it has grower contracts. This segment owns and operates eight centrally located feed mills, which have a combined capacity to produce approximately three million tons of formulated feed annually. These feed mills are used primarily to support existing hog production and have the capability of supporting additional hog production in the future. These facilities are located in Iowa, Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas and Colorado. The Pork segment owns biodiesel plants in Oklahoma and Missouri, with the capacity to produce 46 million gallons and 30 million gallons, respectively, of biodiesel annually, and a renewable diesel plant in Kansas with capacity to produce 85 million gallons of renewable diesel annually. The renewable diesel plant began operations in the third quarter of 2022 and it is expected operations will reach capacity later in 2023. The Pork segment uses a terminal facility in California with a maximum throughput capacity to store and distribute approximately 300 million gallons of fuel per year. (2) Commodity Trading and Milling - Seaboard s CT M segment operates milling facilities at 13 locations in 9 countries and has 11 trading offices in 10 countries. The milling facilities located in Ecuador, Ghana, Guyana, Mozambique, Peru, Republic of Congo, and Zambia own the land and plants. There are additional milling facilities located in Ivory Coast, Republic of Congo, Senegal and Zambia where the land is leased under long-term agreements. These facilities produce approximately two million metric tons of wheat flour, maize meal, manufactured feed and oilseed crush commodities per year in addition to other related grain-based products. Certain foreign milling operations may operate at less than full capacity due to low demand, poor consumer purchasing power, excess milling capacity in their competitive environment or imported flour. Seaboard s CT M segment owns three 18,900 metric ton deadweight dry bulk vessels and charters between 26 to 55 bulk vessels with deadweights of up to 176,000 metric tons under short-term agreements. (3) Marine - Seaboard s Marine segment leases approximately 297,000 square feet of off-port warehouse space and 87 acres of port terminal land and facilities in Miami, Florida, which are used in its containerized cargo operations. Seaboard s Marine segment also leases an approximate 77-acre cargo handling and marine terminal facility in Houston, Texas, which includes several warehouses totaling approximately 648,000 square feet for cargo storage. The Marine segment owns six ocean cargo vessels with deadweights of up to approximately 34,000 metric tons. Seaboard s Marine segment has six new vessels under construction, with three vessels expected to be completed in 2024 and the other three vessels in 2025. Also, this segment charters 17 vessels under contracts with a remaining average term of 15 months with deadweights of up to approximately 34,700 metric tons. Seaboard s Marine segment owns or leases dry, refrigerated and specialized containers and other related equipment. (4) Sugar and Alcohol - Seaboard s Sugar and Alcohol segment owns nearly 70,000 acres of cultivated land to grow sugarcane and a sugar mill with an annual capacity to crush approximately three million metric tons of sugar cane. The facility, including an alcohol distillery, has an annual production capacity of approximately 250,000 metric tons of sugar if maximizing sugar production, and approximately 33 million gallons of alcohol if maximizing alcohol production. Depending on the market conditions, this segment can produce more sugar and less alcohol, or vice versa. This capacity is sufficient to process all of the cane harvested by this segment and additional quantities purchased from third-party 
 15 

farmers in the region. The sugarcane fields, processing mill, distillery and 51-megawatt cogeneration power plant are located in northern Argentina in the Salta Province. This area experiences seasonal rainfalls that may limit the harvest season, which then affects the duration of mill operations and quantities of sugar, alcohol and power produced. (5) Power - Seaboard s Power segment owns two power-generating barges that are secured on the Ozama River in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. EDM II and EDM III can generate approximately 108 megawatts and 148 megawatts, respectively, of electricity. (6) Turkey - Seaboard s Turkey segment has a total of three processing plants, three further processing plants and numerous company and third-party live production facilities and feed milling operations, located in North Carolina, Arkansas, Missouri and Kansas. These facilities produce approximately one billion pounds of turkey each year. Although capacity to meet core further processing demand is sufficient, Butterball uses third-party copacker arrangements to supplement portions of its portfolio where it either does not maintain competencies, or to meet demand beyond its internal production capacity. Ite m 3 . Legal Proceedings The information required by this item is included in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. Item 4 . Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 16 

PART II Item 5 . Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Seaboard s common stock is traded on the NYSE American under the symbol SEB. Seaboard had 3,347 stockholders of record of its common stock as of January 31, 2023. Stock Performance Graph The SEC requires a five-year comparison of Seaboard s stock performance with that of an appropriate broad equity market index and similar industry index. Since there is no single industry index to compare stock performance, the companies comprising the Dow Jones U.S. Food Products and Dow Jones U.S. Marine Transportation Industry indices (the Peer Group were chosen as the second comparison. The following line graph shows a five-year comparison of cumulative total return for Seaboard Corporation, the NYSE American Index and the companies comprising the Peer Group, weighted by market capitalization for the five fiscal years commencing December 31, 2017 and ending December 31, 2022. The comparison of cumulative total returns presented in the above graph was plotted using the following index values and common stock price values: 

12/31/17 12/31/18 12/31/19 12/31/20 12/31/21 12/31/22 Seaboard Corporation 100.00 80.35 96.75 69.19 90.04 86.59 NYSE American 100.00 82.80 91.24 86.80 111.40 107.09 Peer Group 100.00 82.87 104.56 108.18 124.97 138.78 In each of the four quarters of 2022, 2021 and 2020, Seaboard declared and paid quarterly dividends of 2.25 per share of common stock. Seaboard s Board of Directors intends that Seaboard will continue to pay quarterly dividends for the reasonably foreseeable future, with such future dividends and the amount of any such dividends being subject to the determination, declaration and discretion of Seaboard s Board of Directors and dependent upon factors such as Seaboard s financial condition, results of operations, and current and anticipated cash needs, including capital requirements. As 
 17 

discussed in Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements, Seaboard s ability to declare and pay dividends is subject to limitations imposed by debt agreements. Seaboard has not established any equity compensation plans or individual agreements for its employees under which Seaboard common stock or options, rights or warrants with respect to Seaboard common stock, may be granted. Item 6. Reserved Item 7 . Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations This Management Discussion and Analysis is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, Seaboard s consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes in Item 8. Certain statements in this report contain forward-looking statements. See the introduction in Item 1 for more information on these forward-looking statements, including a discussion of the most significant factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. OVERVIEW Sales and costs of Seaboard s segments are significantly influenced by worldwide fluctuations in commodity prices and changes in foreign political and economic conditions. Accordingly, sales, operating income and cash flows can fluctuate significantly from year to year. As each segment operates in a distinct industry and a different geographic location, management evaluates their operations separately. Seaboard s reporting segments are based on information used by Seaboard s CEO to determine allocation of resources and assess performance, in his capacity as chief operating decision maker. Pork Segment The Pork segment primarily produces hogs to process and sells pork products throughout the U.S. and to foreign markets. Sales prices are directly affected by both domestic and worldwide supply and demand for pork products and other proteins. Feed accounts for the largest input cost in raising hogs and is materially affected by price changes for corn and soybean meal. Market prices for hogs purchased from third parties for processing at the plant also represent a major cost factor. This segment s profitability is susceptible to commodity price fluctuations and its operating income and cash flows can materially fluctuate from year to year, significantly affecting Seaboard s consolidated operating income and cash flows. This segment is Seaboard s most capital-intensive segment, representing approximately 61 of Seaboard s total fixed assets and approximately 50 of total inventories as of December 31, 2022. With the plant generally operating near capacity, Seaboard is continually looking for ways to enhance the plant s operational efficiency, while also looking to increase margins by introducing new, higher margin value-added products. This segment also produces biodiesel and renewable diesel and related credits for sale to third parties. Sales prices are affected by the supply and demand of diesel and environmental credit initiatives. CT M Segment The CT M segment provides integrated agricultural commodity trading, processing and logistics services. The majority of its sales are derived from sourcing agricultural commodities from multiple origins which are delivered to third-party and affiliate customers in various international locations. This segment s sales are also significantly affected by fluctuating prices of various commodities, such as wheat, corn and soybean meal. Exports from various countries can exacerbate volatile market conditions that may have a significant impact on this segment s sales and operating income. Profit margins are sometimes protected through commodity derivatives and other risk management practices. The execution of these purchase and delivery transactions have long cycles of completion, which may extend for several months with a high degree of price volatility. As a result, these factors can significantly affect sales volumes, operating income, working capital and related cash flows from period to period. This segment represents approximately 44 of Seaboard s total inventories as of December 31, 2022. Consolidated subsidiaries and non-consolidated affiliates operate the grain processing facilities in foreign countries that are, in most cases, lesser developed and can be significantly impacted by changes in local crop production, political instability and local government policies, as well as fluctuations in economic and industry conditions and foreign currency exchange rates. This segment has invested in several entities in recent years and continues to seek opportunities to expand its business. Marine Segment The Marine segment provides cargo shipping services in the U.S., the Caribbean and Central and South America. Fluctuations in economic conditions and political instability in the regions or countries in which this segment operates may affect trade volumes and operating profits. In addition, freight rates can fluctuate depending on regional supply and demand for shipping services. Since this segment time-charters ocean cargo vessels, it is affected by fluctuations in charter 
 18 

hire rates as well as fuel costs. This segment continues to explore ways to increase volumes on existing routes while seeking opportunities to broaden its route structure in the regions it serves. Sugar and Alcohol Segment The Sugar and Alcohol segment produces and processes sugar and alcohol in Argentina, primarily to be marketed locally. This segment s sales and operating income are significantly affected by local sugar and alcohol prices, and domestic sugar production levels and government regulations affect these local prices. The currency exchange rate can have an impact on reported U.S. dollar sales, operating income and cash flows. Power Segment The Power segment is an independent power producer in the Dominican Republic. Spot market rates are impacted by fuel prices and the various producers supplying power to the grid. While fuel is this segment s largest cost component and is subject to price fluctuations, higher fuel costs generally have been passed on to customers. Turkey Segment The Turkey segment, accounted for using the equity method, produces turkeys to process and sells turkey products. Sales prices are directly affected by both domestic and worldwide supply and demand for turkey products and other proteins. Feed accounts for the largest input cost in raising turkeys and is materially affected by price changes for corn and soybean meal. As a result, commodity price fluctuations can significantly affect profitability and cash flows. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Management believes Seaboard s combination of internally generated cash, liquidity, capital resources and borrowing capabilities will be adequate for its existing operations and any currently known potential plans for expansion of existing operations in both the short-term and long-term. Summary of Sources and Uses of Cash Seaboard s principal funding source is cash from operating activities and its principal cash requirements primarily include operating expenses and capital expenditures. As of December 31, 2022, Seaboard had cash and short-term investments of nearly 1.3 billion and additional total working capital of 1.2 billion. The following table presents a summary of Seaboard s available borrowing capacity under lines of credit. 

Total amount (Millions of dollars) available Short-term uncommitted and committed lines 1,125 Amounts drawn against lines (457) Available borrowing capacity as of December 31, 2022 668 As of December 31, 2022, 183 million of the 1.3 billion of cash and short-term investments were held by Seaboard s foreign subsidiaries. Historically, Seaboard has considered substantially all foreign profits as being permanently invested in its foreign operations, including all cash and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Seaboard reversed its indefinite reinvestment assertion in connection with certain previously-taxed undistributed earnings of its Seaboard Marine subsidiary due to the tax effectiveness of repatriating. As a result, Seaboard recorded a deferred tax liability of 13 million for federal and state incremental tax costs associated with the future potential repatriation of Seaboard Marine s previously-taxed foreign undistributed earnings. For all other foreign subsidiaries, Seaboard intends to continue permanently reinvesting their funds outside the U.S. as they continue to demonstrate no need to repatriate them to fund Seaboard s U.S. operations for the foreseeable future. Seaboard has not recorded deferred taxes for state or foreign withholding taxes that would result upon repatriation of these funds to the U.S. Determination of the tax that might be paid on unremitted earnings if eventually remitted is not practical due to the complexity of the multi-jurisdictional tax environment in which Seaboard operates. Cash and short-term investments as of December 31, 2022 decreased 206 million from December 31, 2021. The decrease was primarily the result of 474 million for capital expenditures, 117 million for purchases of long-term investments, 58 million for the acquisition of a business, debt payments of 105 million, unrealized losses on short-term investments of 150 million due to capital market volatility, partially offset by higher net cash from operations of 680 million. Cash from operating activities increased 588 million, primarily due to higher cash earnings and less working capital investment, primarily related to inventories due to trade timing. 
 19 

Capital Expenditures, Acquisitions and Other Investing Activities During 2022, Seaboard invested 474 million in property, plant and equipment, of which 315 million was in the Pork segment and 136 million was in the Marine segment. The Pork segment expenditures were primarily to fund biogas recovery projects, normal replacement of breeding herd and other investments . At certain hog farms, the Pork segment is constructing biogas recovery facilities to capture methane from its hog lagoons and inject it as renewable natural gas into the local pipeline infrastructure. The Marine segment expenditures primarily related to the purchase of two used vessels and installment payments on vessels under construction . The total budget for 2023 capital expenditures is approximately 750 million, with 475 million planned in the Pork segment and 200 million in the Marine segment. The Pork segment s budget primarily includes further investment in hog production assets, completion of certain biogas recovery projects, normal replacement of breeding herd and other investments. The Marine segment s budget primarily includes continued installment payments on vessels under construction. During the third quarter of 2022, Seaboard s Marine segment executed contracts to build three additional dual-fueled vessels that are estimated to cost 62 million each for a total cash outlay of approximately 186 million. The contracts executed in 2021 for the three initial vessels were estimated to cost 60 million each for a total cash outlay of approximately 180 million. The payments for all six vessels under construction are made in accordance with milestones achieved throughout construction. The three initial vessels are expected to be complete in 2024 and the three additional vessels are expected to be complete in 2025. As of December 31, 2022, long-term capital expenditure cash requirements included approximately 150 million in 2024 and 100 million in 2025 for these vessels under construction. Management anticipates paying for capital expenditures from a combination of available cash, the use of available short-term investments and Seaboard s available borrowing capacity. Seaboard acquired businesses in 2022, 2021 and 2020, and intends to continue to look for opportunities to further grow and diversify its operations, but there are no definitive plans for additional acquisitions at this time. Management intends to utilize existing liquidity, available borrowing capacity and other financing alternatives to fund these opportunities. The terms and availability of such financing may be impacted by economic and financial market conditions, as well as Seaboard s financial condition and results of operations at the time Seaboard seeks such financing, and there can be no assurances that Seaboard will be able to obtain such financing on terms that will be acceptable or advantageous. Seaboard may also fund capital calls and issue borrowings for its equity method investments based on specific facts and circumstances. From time to time, proceeds from the sale of short-term investments may be used to fund capital expenditure purchases or working capital needs. Included in the 2 billion of gross cash flows related to both the sale and purchase of short-term investments in the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021 was asset reallocation intended to reduce equity exposure. Seaboard continues to make long-term investments, with 117 million, 98 million and 47 million invested during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, Seaboard is committed to invest approximately 15 million in certain long-term investments in 2023, primarily real-estate related. Financing Activities Seaboard believes it has adequate available borrowings to meet short-term and long-term operating needs. During 2022, there was a high volume of draws and repayments activity under lines of credit compared to prior years with the draws used to fund working capital and greater investments in capital expenditures. Seaboard had long-term debt of 710 million as of December 31, 2022, which includes a term loan due 2028 of 670 million. Current maturities on long-term debt were 7 million as of December 31, 2022, with expected annual interest payments of approximately 41 million based on interest rates as of year-end. During 2021, Seaboard repaid foreign subsidiary debt related to a 2018 acquisition of 46 million upon its maturity. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of debt. Future Contractual Obligations Other than those obligations discussed above, future obligations mostly include normal operating expenses. For operating and finance leases, Seaboard had a current undiscounted obligation of 236 million and a long-term undiscounted obligation of 550 million as of December 31, 2022 per Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements. The majority of Seaboard s purchase commitments for materials or supplies are related to hog, grain, feedstock and fuel procurement contracts with a current obligation of approximately 1.6 billion and a long-term obligation of approximately 1.1 billion as of December 31, 2022, per Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements. Also, Seaboard is subject to obligations under its existing defined benefit pension plans. As of December 31, 2022, the unfunded status of all plans was 94 million. Anticipated employer payments related to the unfunded nonqualified executive plans in 2023 are 36 million. For additional information about Seaboard s pension plans, see Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 20 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 11.2 billion, 9.2 billion and 7.1 billion, respectively. The increase for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflected h igher sales prices of commodities sold in the CT M segment, higher freight rates in the Marine segment, the commencement of operations of a second barge in the Power segment, and higher biodiesel sales, partially offset by lower volumes of pork products and market hogs sold in the Pork segment. The increase for 2021 compared to 2020 primarily reflected h igher prices of commodities sold in the CT M segment, higher prices for pork products, market hogs and biodiesel sold in the Pork segment and higher cargo volumes and rates in the Marine segment . Operating income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 657 million, 458 million and 245 million, respectively. The increase for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflected higher voyage revenue in the Marine segment, higher margins on certain commoditie s in the CT M segment and more power generation in the Power segment, partially offset by lower margins on pork product, market hog and biodiesel sales in the Pork segment . The increase for 2021 compared to 2020 primarily reflected higher voyage revenue in the Marine segment, increased margins on pork product and market hog sales in the Pork segment, and higher commodity prices, partially offset by derivative commodity contract losses and other operational costs in the CT M segment. Pork Segment 

(Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 2,605 2,481 1,941 Operating income (loss) (96) 227 131 Income (loss) from affiliates 24 3 (9) Net sales for the Pork segment increased 124 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily the result of higher biodiesel prices and increased sales of biofuel credits, and to a lesser extent, higher volumes of biodiesel sold and higher prices of pork products sold, largely offset by a decrease in volumes of pork products sold and lower volumes and prices of market hogs sold. Operating income for the Pork segment decreased 323 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The decrease was primarily due to lower margins on pork product and market hog sales due to higher costs of hogs, including inventory adjustments, and higher feed and plant processing costs, biodiesel-related mark-to-market derivative contract losses, higher feedstock costs for biofuel operations and higher start-up costs for renewable diesel operations. During 2022, the Pork segment recorded lower of cost or market inventory valuation adjustments associated with a combination of factors, including the decline in quoted market hog prices and higher grain costs during the period. The renewable diesel plant in Hugoton, Kansas, began operations during the third quarter of 2022. Management is unable to predict market prices for pork products or biodiesel or the costs of feed or third-party hogs for future periods. Based on current conditions, management anticipates this segment will not be profitable in 2023. Income from affiliates increased 21 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to improved operations at STF. Net sales for the Pork segment increased 540 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily the result of higher prices of pork products sold, and to a lesser extent, higher prices and volumes of market hogs and higher biodiesel prices, partially offset by lower volumes of pork products sold . Operating income for the Pork segment increased 96 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily due to higher margins on pork product sales and market hogs due to higher sales prices, partially offset by higher hog costs related to feed and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. Income from affiliates increased 12 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 due to improved results at both STF and Daily s primarily related to the commodity markets and return of sales volumes post COVID-19 disruptions. 
 21 

CT M Segment 

(Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 6,290 5,154 3,994 Operating income as reported 151 61 118 Marked-to-market adjustments (7) 7 (15) Operating income excluding marked-to-market adjustments 144 68 103 Income (loss) from affiliates 21 18 (2) Net sales for the CT M segment increased 1.1 billion for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase primarily reflected higher sales prices of commodities, and to a lesser extent, higher volumes to third-party customers, partially offset by lower volumes to affiliates due to timing of shipments. Operating income for the CT M segment increased 90 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase primarily reflected higher margins on certain commodities, costs associated with operational changes recorded in 2021 not repeated in the current year, and derivative contract gains of 7 million related to the change in mark-to-market adjustments compared to losses of 7 million in 2021. Due to worldwide commodity price fluctuations, the uncertain political and economic conditions in the countries in which this segment operates and the volatility in the commodity markets, management is unable to predict sales and operating results for this segment for future periods. However, management anticipates positive operating income for this segment in 2023, excluding the effects of marking to market derivative contracts. Had Seaboard not applied mark-to-market accounting to its derivative instruments, operating income for this segment would have been lower by 7 million and 15 million in 2022 and 2020, respectively, and higher by 7 million in 2021. While management believes its commodity futures, options and foreign exchange contracts are primarily economic hedges of its firm purchase and sales contracts or anticipated sales contracts, Seaboard does not perform the extensive record-keeping required to account for these transactions as hedges for accounting purposes. Accordingly, while the changes in fair value of the derivative instruments were marked to market, the changes in value of the firm purchase or sales contracts were not. As products are delivered to customers, these existing marked-to-market adjustments should be primarily offset by realized margins or losses as revenue is recognized over time and therefore, these marked-to-market adjustments could reverse in fiscal 2023. Management believes eliminating these marked-to-market adjustments provides a more reasonable presentation to compare and evaluate period-to-period financial results for this segment. Net sales for the CT M segment increased 1.2 billion for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase primarily reflected higher sales prices of most commodities, and to a lesser extent, higher volumes to third-party customers, partially offset by lower volumes to affiliates due to timing of shipments. Operating income for the CT M segment decreased 57 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease primarily reflected derivative contract losses of 22 million related to the change in mark-to-market adjustments, 18 million of goodwill and property, plant and equipment impairment charges related to plans to dispose of immaterial businesses, and higher selling, general and administrative expenses. Income from affiliates increased 20 million for year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to i mproved results from several of this segment s affiliates related to a return of sales volumes post COVID-19 disruptions. Marine Segment 

(Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 2,043 1,396 1,005 Operating income 591 197 21 Net sales for the Marine segment increased 647 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily the result of higher freight rates, partially offset by lower cargo volumes. Operating income for the Marine segment increased 394 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase was primarily the result of higher voyage revenue, partially offset by higher voyage-related costs, including charter-hire costs, fuel costs and other operational costs primarily due to increased prices. Management cannot predict changes in fuel costs or other voyage costs, cargo volumes or freight rates for future periods; however, management anticipates this segment will be profitable in 2023. 
 22 

Net sales for the Marine segment increased 391 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily the result of an increase in average freight rates due to strong demand and the global shortage of vessels, and higher cargo volumes. In 2020, cargo volumes were lower due to many of Seaboard Marine s customers temporarily shutting down due to government orders associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and the recovery of operations taking time. Operating income for the Marine segment increased 176 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase was primarily the result of higher voyage revenue, partially offset by higher fuel costs due to the increase in both price and consumption, higher charter-hire costs due to increased rates, and higher terminal and intermodal trucking costs related to the increase in cargo volumes. Sugar and Alcohol Segment 

(Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 129 123 106 Operating income 11 2 2 Net sales for the Sugar and Alcohol segment increased 6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase primarily reflected higher prices of sugar and alcohol sold, partially offset by lower volumes of alcohol, sugar and energy sold as a result of low inventory levels from recent harvests. Sugar and alcohol sales are denominated in Argentine pesos, and an increase in local sales prices may be offset by exchange rate changes in the Argentine peso against the U.S. dollar. Operating income for the Sugar and Alcohol segment increased 9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase primarily reflected higher margins on sugar and alcohol sales, partially offset by lower volumes sold. Management cannot predict local sugar and alcohol prices or the volatility in the currency exchange rate for future periods. Based on these conditions, management cannot predict if this segment will be profitable in 2023. Net sales for the Sugar and Alcohol segment increased 17 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The increase primarily reflected higher prices and volumes of alcohol sold related to strong demand post the COVID-19 pandemic lockdown, partially offset by lower sugar sales. Operating income for the Sugar and Alcohol segment remained the same for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. Higher margins on alcohol sales were primarily offset by lower sugar sales and higher sugar production costs. Power Segment 

(Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales 158 60 64 Operating income (loss) 14 (9) 3 Net sales for the Power segment increased 98 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021. The increase primarily reflected more power generation with EDM III also in operation, and to a lesser extent, higher spot market rates as a result of higher fuel prices. During the second quarter of 2022, EDM III was placed in service with capacity to generate 148 megawatts of electricity. Operating income for the Power segment increased 23 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021, primarily due to higher revenues, partially offset by higher fuel and other operational costs . Management cannot predict fuel costs or the extent that spot market rates will fluctuate compared to fuel costs or other power producers for future periods; however, management anticipates this segment will be profitable in 2023. While EDM II remains in operation in the Dominican Republic, Seaboard continues to explore strategic alternatives for this barge, including a sale or relocation. Net sales for the Power segment decreased 4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020. The decrease primarily reflected lower production related to the installation of EDM III, temporary fuel constraints and more power generation from lower variable-cost producers, offset by an increase in spot market rates as a result of higher fuel prices. Typically, lower cost power plants are dispatched before those with higher costs. Operating income for the Power segment decreased 12 million for the year ended December 31, 2021 compared to 2020 primarily due to lower revenues and higher operational costs related to increased fuel, maintenance and labor costs associated with the installation of EDM III . 
 23 

Turkey Segment 

(Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Income (loss) from affiliate 103 (20) (10) The Turkey segment, accounted for using the equity method, represents Seaboard s investment in Butterball. The increase in income from affiliate for 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily the result of higher selling prices, partially offset by lower volumes of turkey products sold and higher feed and plant production costs. The decrease in income from affiliate for 2021 compared to 2020 was primarily the result of lower sales volumes and higher live and plant production costs due to increased feed and labor prices, partially offset by higher sales due to increased prices. Management is unable to predict market prices for turkey products or the cost of feed for future periods; however, management anticipates this segment will be profitable in 2023. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses Selling, general and administrative SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 13 million compared to 2021. The increase was primarily the result of higher consulting, travel and other office expenses, partially offset by lower costs associated with Seaboard s deferred compensation program. Higher personnel costs related to wages and other benefits were offset with lower pension settlements. SG A expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased 31 million compared to 2020. The increase was primarily the result of higher personnel costs including annual raises and bonuses associated with improved financial performance, more consulting fees associated with legal and other advisory matters, an increase in travel costs as vaccinations became available and bad debt expense. The deferred compensation program costs are offset by the effect of the mark-to-market on investments recoded in other investment income (loss), net. Interest Expense Interest expense totaled 40 million, 13 million and 19 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in interest expense for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily related to higher interest rates on outstanding debt and mark-to-market gains on interest rate swap agreements in the prior year. T he decrease in interest expense for 2021 compared to 2020 primarily related to mark-to-market fluctuations on interest rate swap agreements and lower interest rates on outstanding debt, partially offset by less capitalized interest related to capital expenditure investments. During the third quarter of 2021, Seaboard terminated all of its interest rate swap agreements. Interest Income Interest income totaled 32 million, 22 million and 22 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Interest income primarily includes interest earned on debt securities. Other Investment Income (Loss), Net Other investment income (loss), net totaled 239) million, 133 million and 84 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in other investment income for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflected mark-to-market losses on short-term investments and a 46 million charge recorded during 2022 related to a long-term solar energy investment discussed further in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements. The charge on this long-term investment is offset with the benefit of the investment tax credits recorded in income tax benefit (expense). The increase in other investment income for 2021 compared to 2020 primarily reflected realized gains on short-term investments, partially offset by mark-to-market losses. Foreign Currency Gains (Losses), Net Foreign currency gains (losses), net totaled 5 million, 16 million and 31) million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The decrease in foreign currency gains for 2022 compared to 2021 primarily reflected fluctuations in the euro, among fluctuations of other currency exchange rates in several foreign countries. The increase in foreign currency gains for 2021 compared to 2020 primarily reflected gains in the euro, Zambian kwacha and South African rand, among fluctuations of other currency exchange rates in several foreign countries. Income Tax Expense The 2022 effective tax rate was lower than the 2021 effective tax rate primarily due to an increase in federal investment tax credits available in 2022 and a change in mix of foreign and domestic earnings, with foreign earnings generally taxed at lower rates. The 2021 effective tax rate was higher than the 2020 effective tax rate primarily due to increased earnings which decreased the proportional effect of tax credits available to offset the associated income tax. See Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for further information on Seaboard s income taxes. 
 24 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of Seaboard s consolidated financial statements requires Seaboard to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions. See Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of significant accounting policies. Management has identified the accounting estimates believed to be the most important to the portrayal of Seaboard s financial condition and results of operations, and those that require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of inherently uncertain matters. Management has reviewed these critical accounting estimates with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Accrued Pension Liability The measurement of Seaboard s pension liability and related expense is dependent on a variety of assumptions and estimates regarding future events. These assumptions include discount rates, assumed rate of return on plan assets, compensation increases, mortality rates and retirement rates. The discount rate and return on plan assets are important elements of liability and expense measurement and are reviewed on an annual basis. The effect of decreasing both the discount rate and assumed rate of return on plan assets by 50 basis points would be an increase in pension expense of approximately 1 million per year. The effects of actual results differing from the assumptions (i.e. gains or losses) are primarily accumulated in accrued pension liability and amortized over future periods if it exceeds the 10 corridor and, therefore, could affect Seaboard s recognized pension expense in such future periods, as permitted under GAAP. See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements for discussion of the pension rates and assumptions. Income Taxes Income taxes are determined by management based on current tax regulations in the various worldwide taxing jurisdictions in which Seaboard conducts its business. In various situations, accruals have been made for estimates of the tax effects for certain transactions, business structures, the estimated reversal of timing differences and future projected profitability of Seaboard s various business units based on management s interpretation of existing facts, circumstances and tax regulations. Should new evidence come to management s attention that could alter previous conclusions, if tax laws change or if taxing authorities disagree with the positions taken by Seaboard, the change in estimate could result in a material adverse or favorable impact on the financial statements. An increase in the future U.S. federal income tax rate of 5 would decrease tax expense on the reversal of timing differences by approximately 3 million as a one-time adjustment, which would be fully reflected in the period of enactment. Item 7A . Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Seaboard is exposed to various types of market risks in its day-to-day operations. Primary market risk exposures result from changing commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices. Occasionally derivatives are used to manage these overall market risks; however, Seaboard does not perform the extensive record-keeping required to account for derivative transactions as hedges. Since these derivatives are not accounted for as hedges, fluctuations in the related prices could have a material impact on earnings in any given year. From time to time, Seaboard also enters into speculative derivative transactions related to its market risks. Commodity price changes affect the cost of necessary raw materials and other inventories, finished product sales and firm sales commitments. Seaboard uses various grain, hog, oilseed and other commodity futures and options purchase contracts to manage certain risks of increasing prices of raw materials and firm sales commitments or anticipated sales contracts. Short sales contracts are used to offset the open purchase derivatives when the related commodity inventory is purchased in advance of the derivative maturity, effectively offsetting the initial futures or option purchase contract. The political and economic conditions of the countries in which Seaboard does business, along with fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar, cause volatility in currency exchange rates, which exposes Seaboard to fluctuating foreign currency gains and losses that cannot be predicted. Since changes in foreign currency exchange rates affect the cash paid or received on foreign currency-denominated receivables and payables, Seaboard manages certain of these risks through the use of foreign currency exchange agreements. The following table presents the sensitivity of the fair value of Seaboard s derivatives to a hypothetical 10 change in market prices and foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The fair value is calculated for each item by valuing each net position at quoted market prices as of the applicable date. 

(Millions of dollars) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Grains and oilseeds 9 4 Vegetable oils 1 1 Energy-related resources 4 Foreign currencies 22 18 
 25 

Equity price risk is the risk that Seaboard may incur losses due to adverse changes in the market prices of the equity securities it holds in its short-term investment portfolio. Market prices for equity securities are subject to fluctuation and may result from perceived changes in the underlying economic characteristics of the investee, the relative price of alternative investments and general market conditions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of Seaboard s marketable equity securities was approximately 602 million and 665 million, respectively, and a hypothetical 10 change in market prices would impact the income statement by 60 million and 67 million, respectively. As changes in interest rates affect the cash required to service variable-rate debt, Seaboard may use interest rate exchange agreements to manage risks of increasing interest rates. At December 31, 2022, Seaboard had variable-rate debt outstanding of 670 million with an interest rate of 6.01 . A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates effective at December 31, 2022, would have a minimal impact on interest expense. Long-term debt sensitive to changes in interest rates as of December 31, 2021 totaled 678 million with an interest rate of 1.73 
 26 

I tem 8 . Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Seaboard Corporation: Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Seaboard Corporation and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Basis for Opinions The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 27 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Sufficiency of audit evidence over net sales As described in Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company earned 11.2 billion of net sales in 2022. Net sales were primarily generated by the Company s Pork, Commodity, Trading and Milling, Marine, Sugar and Alcohol, and Power operations, which were dispersed over numerous countries. We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over net sales as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained required auditor judgment due to the geographical dispersion of net sales. Furthermore, given the disaggregation of local management and language differences between locations, our audit team consisted of auditors located in multiple countries around the world. The following are the primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter. We evaluated the nature and amounts of the Company s net sales at its various locations and applied auditor judgement to determine the locations at which procedures were to be performed. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls related to the Company s net sales process, including controls related to the recognition of global net sales amounts. We tested samples of individual net sales transactions by comparing the amounts recognized by the Company to relevant underlying documentation such as purchase orders, contractual arrangements, and delivery documents, as applicable. In addition, we evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained over net sales by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the appropriateness of the nature and extent of audit effort. 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1959. Kansas City, Missouri February 14, 2023 
 28 

SEABOARD CORPORATION Consolid ated Statements of Compr ehensive Income 

Years ended December 31, (Millions of dollars except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 2020 Net sales: Products (includes sales to affiliates of , and Services revenues (includes sales to affiliates of , and Other Total net sales Cost of sales and operating expenses: Products Services Other Total cost of sales and operating expenses Gross income Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Income (loss) from affiliates ) Other investment income (loss), net ) Foreign currency gains (losses), net ) Miscellaneous, net Total other income, net ) Earnings before income taxes Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) Net earnings Less: Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net earnings attributable to Seaboard Earnings per common share Average number of shares outstanding Other comprehensive income (loss), net of income tax benefit (expense) of ), ) and : Foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Unrecognized pension cost ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to Seaboard See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 29 

SEABOARD CORPORATION Cons oli dated Balance Sheets 

December 31, (Millions of dollars except share and per share amounts) 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Receivables, net Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right of use assets, net Investments in and advances to affiliates Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Lines of credit Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities Accrued voyage costs Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, less current maturities Long-term operating lease liabilities Accrued pension liability Deferred income taxes Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities Stockholders equity: Common stock of par value. Authorized shares; issued and outstanding shares in 2022 and in 2021 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total Seaboard stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 30 

SEAB OA RD CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 

Accumulated Other Common Comprehensive Retained Noncontrolling (Millions of dollars except per share amounts) Stock Loss Earnings Interests Total Balances, January 1, 2020 ) Adoption of new accounting standard (See Note 1) ) ) Comprehensive income: Net earnings Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Dividends on common stock, /share ) ) Balances, December 31, 2020 ) Comprehensive income: Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Acquisition of noncontrolling interests Dividends on common stock, /share ) ) Balances, December 31, 2021 ) Comprehensive income: Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Dividends on common stock, /share ) ) Balances, December 31, 2022 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 31 

SEABOARD CORPORATION Consolidated Statements of C a sh Flows 

Years ended December 31, (Millions of dollars) 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to cash from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) ) Loss (income) from affiliates ) ) Dividends received from affiliates Other investment loss (income), net ) ) Other, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and dispositions: Receivables, net of allowance ) ) Inventories ) ) ) Other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Other liabilities, exclusive of debt ) ) Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of short-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of short-term investments Proceeds from maturity of short-term investments Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment Purchase of long-term investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sale of non-consolidated affiliates Acquisition of businesses ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of subsidiaries, net of cash sold Notes receivable issued to affiliates ) Principal payments received on third-party notes receivable Other, net ) ) Net cash from investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Uncommitted lines of credit, net ) ) Draws under committed lines of credit Repayments of committed lines of credit ) ) ) Proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments of long-term debt ) ) ) Finance lease payments ) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) Dividends paid ) ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash from financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 32 

collectively owned by Seaboard Flour LLC and SFC Preferred, LLC. lag, depending on the specific entity. period meets or exceeds . Under highly inflationary accounting, the financial statements of a subsidiary are remeasured into Seaboard s reporting currency (U.S. dollars) and exchange gains and losses from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities are reflected in net income, rather than accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) on the balance sheet, until the economy is no longer considered highly inflationary. Certain non-monetary assets and liabilities are recorded at the applicable historical exchange rates. Seaboard applies highly inflationary accounting for the Sugar and Alcohol segment, which operates in Argentina. 
 33 

Income taxes, net of refunds Non-cash activities related to capital expenditures of million, million and million that were included in accounts payable as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Due from affiliates Other Total receivables Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net receivables Accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and generally do not bear interest. The allowance for credit losses is Seaboard s best estimate of the amount of probable credit losses using the current expected credit loss model. T his model estimates the lifetime of expected credit loss based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable supportable forecasts. Changes in estimates, developing trends and other new information can have a material effect on future evaluations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Seaboard had gross foreign receivables of approximately million and million, respectively, which generally represent more of a collection risk than the domestic receivables, although as of December 31, 2022 no individual material amounts were deemed to have a heightened risk of collectability. Account balances are charged off against the allowance after all means of collection have been exhausted and the potential for recovery is considered remote. The activity within the allowance for credit losses was as follows: ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 ) Year Ended December 31, 2020 ) (a) Adjustment made upon adoption of new guidance to retained earnings. (b) Provision amounts are charged to selling, general and administrative expenses. (c) Includes write-offs net of recoveries, foreign currency translation adjustments and other adjustments. 
 34 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Seaboard monitors the credit quality of notes receivable, using the current expected credit loss model. The activity within the allowance for non-current notes receivable was as follows: ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 to . Property, plant and equipment under finance leases are stated at the present value of minimum lease payments and subsequently amortized using the straight-line method over the earlier of the end of its useful life or the end of the lease term. Routine and planned major maintenance, repairs and minor renewals are expensed as incurred, while major renewals and improvements are capitalized. Property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. Impairment is recognized if the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. million of impairment charges during 2021. 
 35 

Impairment ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Foreign currency translation ) ) Acquisition Balance as of December 31, 2022 Separable intangible assets with finite lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives and evaluated for impairment similar to property, plant and equipment discussed above. The gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization for finite-lived intangible were as follows: Accumulated amortization and currency translation ) ) ) ) ) ) Net carrying amount Amortization of intangible assets was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Using the exchange rates in effect at year-end, estimated amortization of intangible assets as of December 31, 2022 is million each year for the next three years and million in year four. Accretion expense Liability for additional lagoons Ending balance 
 36 

of Seaboard s net sales. Substantially all of the sales in Seaboard s Marine segment are recognized ratably over the transit time for each voyage, as the performance obligation to its customers is satisfied. Seaboard s transaction prices are mostly fixed, but occasionally include minimal variable consideration for early payment, volume and other similar discounts, which are highly probable based on the history with the respective customers. Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are collected by Seaboard from a customer are excluded from sales. Seaboard recognizes a financing component only on obligations that extend longer than one year. Deferred revenue represents cash payments received in advance of Seaboard s performance or revenue billed that is unearned. The CT M segment requires certain customers to pay in advance or upon delivery to avoid collection risk. The Marine segment s deferred revenue balance primarily relates to the unearned portion of billed revenue when a ship is on the water and has not arrived at the designated port. Deferred revenue balances are reduced when revenue is recognized. The majority of the deferred revenue balance as of year-end is recognized as revenue during the following quarter. million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. million on January 1, 2020 that decreased retained earnings and increased the allowance for credit losses. Domestic debt securities Foreign equity securities Foreign debt securities Money market funds held in trading accounts Other trading securities Total trading short-term investments The unrealized gains (losses) related to trading securities still held at the end of the respective reporting period was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 37 

million and million of short-term investments denominated in foreign currencies as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Seaboard had long-term investments of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, classified in other non-current assets on the consolidated balance sheets. These investments are in a business development company BDC ), real estate and renewable-energy facilities. The BDC investment is included in the fair value hierarchy table in Note 10 and the other investments are primarily accounted for under the equity method of accounting with any gains (losses) recorded in other investment income (loss). Pork products and materials Grains, oilseeds and other commodities Biofuels and related credits Other Total inventories at lower of FIFO cost and NRV Grain, flour and feed at lower of weighted average cost and NRV Total inventories - years Buildings and improvements years Machinery and equipment - years Vessels and vehicles - years Office furniture and fixtures years Contract growers - years Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Net property, plant and equipment Seaboard s capitalized interest on construction in progress was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Finance lease liabilities Other current liabilities Non-current finance lease liabilities Other liabilities Lease cost is included in various line items in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income or capitalized to inventory. Operating lease cost and short-term lease cost are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Finance lease cost is recognized based on the effective interest method for the lease liability and straight-line amortization of the ROU asset. Variable lease payments are recognized when the circumstance on which those payments are assessed occurs. 
 38 

Finance lease cost: Amortization of right of use assets Interest on lease liabilities Variable lease cost (a) Short-term lease cost (b) Sublease income ) ) ) Total lease cost 
 (a) Includes throughput of cargo containers in excess of minimums and changes in indexed charter-hire rates. (b) Short-term term leases are primarily for cargo containers and vessels. 
 Weighted-average lease terms and discount rates were as follows as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: Weighted-average discount rate Maturities of lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were as follows: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total undiscounted lease payments Less imputed interest ) ) Total lease liability The following table includes supplemental cash and non-cash information related to leases. Seaboard reports the amortization of ROU assets and changes in operating lease liabilities in other liabilities, exclusive of debt in the consolidated statements of cash flows. Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases ROU assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases 
 39 

) CT M ) Marine Sugar and Alcohol Power Turkey ) ) Segment/Consolidated Totals ) Related-party transactions with these non-consolidated affiliates were as follows: Service revenue to related parties Purchases from related parties included in Cost of Sales (a) 
 (a) As Seaboard conducts its agricultural commodity trading business with third parties, consolidated subsidiaries and non-consolidated affiliates on an interrelated basis, cost of sales on affiliates cannot be distinguished without making numerous assumptions, primarily with respect to mark-to-market accounting for commodity derivatives. 
 Seaboard had million and million of receivables due from affiliates primarily related to product sales as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Also, Seaboard had million and million of payables due to affiliates primarily related to purchases of inventory at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred revenue from affiliates of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, represents advance payments on future shipments of commodities in the CT M segment. There were notes receivables due from affiliates outstanding of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Pork segment has noncontrolling joint ventures in Seaboard Triumph Foods, LLC STF ( ), which operates a pork processing plant, Daily s Premium Meats, LLC Daily s ( ), which produces raw and pre-cooked bacon, and Seaboard de Mexico USA LLC Seaboard de Mexico ( ), which bones hams. Seaboard s Pork segment supplies raw materials to Daily s, STF and Seaboard de Mexico for processing and also provides marketing services to Daily s and STF for its pork products. STF supplies feedstock for the Pork segment s renewable diesel operations. On January 1, 2022, Seaboard sold a interest in Seaboard de Mexico to Triumph Foods, LLC, a partner in the Pork segment s other joint ventures, for cash proceeds of approximately million, net of cash sold. As a result of this transaction, Seaboard de Mexico was deconsolidated and a million gain on sale was recognized in Miscellaneous, net. Combined financial information for the Pork segment s non-consolidated affiliates was as follows: Net income (loss) ) Total assets Total liabilities Total equity The CT M segment has noncontrolling interests in foreign businesses conducting flour, maize and feed milling, baking operations, poultry production and processing, and agricultural commodity trading. The CT M segment supplies commodities to the majority of its milling affiliates. As of December 31, 2022, the location and percentage ownership of CT M s affiliates were as follows: Botswana ), Democratic Republic of Congo ), Gambia ), Kenya - ), Lesotho ), Mauritania ), Morocco - ), Nigeria - ), Senegal ), 
 40 

), Tanzania - ), Uganda - and Zambia in Africa; Colombia - ), Ecuador - ), Guyana ), and Peru in South America; Jamaica and Haiti in the Caribbean; Turkey in Europe; and Canada and the U.S. in North America. As of December 31, 2022, the CT M segment s carrying value of certain investments in affiliates was more than its share of the affiliates book value by million. The excess is attributable primarily to the valuation of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets, with basis adjustments amortized to income (loss) from affiliates over the remaining life of the assets. During the second quarter of 2022, this segment sold a interest in its North American protein and commodity trading company to the majority owner for cash proceeds of million. Combined financial information for the CT M segment s non-consolidated affiliates was as follows: Net income (loss) ) Total assets Total liabilities Total equity The Marine segment has noncontrolling interests in foreign businesses that primarily own cargo terminal operations in the Caribbean - which provide terminal and stevedoring services to the Marine segment. As of December 31, 2022, the Marine segment s carrying value of certain investments in affiliates was less than its share of the affiliates book value by million. The difference is attributable primarily to the valuation of property, plant and equipment and impairments taken by Seaboard, but not the respective entity, with basis adjustments amortized to income (loss) from affiliates over the remaining life of the assets. Combined financial information for the Marine segment s non-consolidated affiliates was as follows: Net income Total assets Total liabilities Total equity The Sugar and Alcohol segment has noncontrolling interests in sugar-related businesses in Argentina ). Combined financial information for the Sugar and Alcohol segment s non-consolidated affiliates was as follows: Net income Total assets Total liabilities Total equity The Power segment has noncontrolling interests in energy-related businesses in the Dominican Republic and ). Combined financial information for the Power segment s non-consolidated affiliates was as follows: Net income Total assets Total liabilities Total equity The Turkey segment represents Seaboard s noncontrolling interest in Butterball. Since 2010, Seaboard has held warrants, which upon exercise for a nominal price enabled Seaboard to acquire an additional equity interest in Butterball. The warrants qualified for equity treatment under GAAP and were classified as investments in and advances to affiliates in the consolidated balance sheets. The warrant agreement essentially provided Seaboard with a economic interest and 
 41 

of Butterball s earnings as income (loss) from affiliates in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. During 2022, Seaboard exercised the warrants resulting in no impact to the financial statements. All significant corporate governance matters upon exercise remained equally shared between Seaboard and its partner in Butterball and Seaboard did not acquire any new consequential rights upon exercise of the warrants. Within total assets, Butterball had trade name intangible assets of million and goodwill of million as of December 31, 2022. Butterball s financial information was as follows: Operating income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Total assets Total liabilities Total equity million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2022, million was denominated in foreign currencies, with million denominated in the South African rand. Of the outstanding balance as of December 31, 2021, million was denominated in foreign currencies, with million denominated in the South African rand. The uncommitted lines of credit are unsecured and do not require compensating balances with the exception of million as of December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, Seaboard had a committed million line of credit secured by certain short-term investments maturing March 31, 2023. In 2022, Seaboard amended this committed line of credit agreement to extend the maturity date and change the interest reference rate from LIBOR to SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate). Draws bear interest based on SOFR plus a spread. There was million and million outstanding under this committed line of credit as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The weighted average interest rate for outstanding lines of credit was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Long-term Debt The following table is a summary of long-term debt: Foreign subsidiary obligations Other long-term debt Total debt at face value Current maturities and unamortized discount and costs ) ) Long-term debt, less current maturities and unamortized discount and costs In 2018, Seaboard Foods LLC entered into an Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement Credit Agreement with CoBank, ACB, Farm Credit Services of America, PCA, and the lenders party thereto for a million unsecured term loan Term Loan ). The Term Loan provides for quarterly payments of the principal balance to the revised amortization schedule set forth in the Credit Agreement, with the balance due on the maturity date of September 25, 2028. The Term Loan bears interest at fluctuating rates based on various margins over a Base Rate, LIBOR or a Quoted Rate, at the option of the borrower. The interest rate was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants for credit facilities of this type, including restrictions on the incurrence of indebtedness over a certain threshold, ability to make certain acquisitions, investments and asset dispositions and aggregate dividend payments. In conjunction with the purchase of certain equipment during 2021, million of secured, other long-term debt was assumed. The loan agreement incurs a fixed interest rate of and matures in August 2037. In December 2020, Seaboard received a million note that incurs a fixed interest rate of and matures in 2027. 
 42 

million in 2023, million in 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027 and million thereafter. of her siblings (Ms. de Fernandez, together with the Inheritors and the Estates being referred to as the Plaintiffs against Seaboard Corporation in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware (the Delaware District Court ), making claims under Title III of the Cuban Liberty and Solidarity Act of 1996, also known as the Helms-Burton Act (the Act ). The same Plaintiffs filed a separate lawsuit against Seaboard Marine Ltd. Seaboard Marine on December 20, 2020, in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida (the Florida District Court ). The Act provides that any person who knowingly and intentionally traffics in property which was confiscated by the Cuban government may be liable to any U.S. national who acquires an ownership interest in such property for money damages in an amount equal to the greater of the current fair market value of the property or the value of the property when confiscated, plus interest from the date of confiscation, reasonable attorneys fees and costs, and treble damages under certain circumstances. The complaint in each of the cases alleges that the Plaintiffs acquired ownership interests to a concession to develop port facilities at Mariel Bay, Cuba, and ownership of surrounding land, and that these and other property rights were confiscated by the Cuban government in 1960. The complaints further allege that Seaboard Corporation and Seaboard Marine knowingly and intentionally trafficked in the confiscated property within the meaning of the Act by carrying and/or directing cargo to the Port of Mariel. The Florida District Court in the Seaboard Marine case dismissed the claims of the Inheritors and the Estates because they did not acquire the ownership claims prior to March 1996, as required by the Act. The remaining plaintiff, Ms. de Fernandez, contends she owns of the companies that were granted the concession and owned land in or around Mariel Bay, Cuba. On August 19, 2022, the Florida District Court granted Seaboard Marine s Motion for Summary Judgement and entered a Final Judgment in favor of Seaboard Marine. On September 1, 2022, the Plaintiffs appealed the Final Judgment to the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit. The Plaintiffs appeal is pending. As to the suit against Seaboard Corporation, on October 21, 2021, the Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint which principally added allegations that there were other callings made by Seaboard Marine at the Port of Mariel and that Seaboard Corporation engaged in a pattern of doing business with individuals and entities in contravention of U.S. foreign policy. Seaboard Corporation filed a Motion to Dismiss which is pending. On September 28, 2022, the Delaware District Court stayed this lawsuit against Seaboard Corporation until 30 days after the outcome of the appeal in the Seaboard Marine case. The operative complaints in each lawsuit seek unspecified damages (including treble damages) and pre-filing interest as provided in the Act; pre-judgment interest; attorneys fees, costs and expenses; and such other relief as is just and proper. Seaboard Corporation and Seaboard Marine have meritorious defenses to the claims alleged in these matters and intend to vigorously defend these matters. It is impossible at this stage either to determine the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome resulting from either of these suits, or to reasonably estimate the amount of potential loss or range of potential loss, if any, resulting from the suits. However, the outcome of litigation is inherently unpredictable and subject to significant uncertainties, and if unfavorable, could result in a material liability. Pork Price-Fixing Antitrust Litigation On June 28, 2018, indirect purchasers of pork products filed a class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota (the Minnesota District Court against several pork processors, including Seaboard Foods LLC and Agri Stats, Inc., a company described in the complaint as a data sharing service. The complaint also named Seaboard Corporation as a defendant. Additional class action complaints with similar claims on behalf of putative classes of direct and indirect purchasers were later filed in the Minnesota District Court, and additional actions by standalone plaintiffs (including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico) were filed in or transferred to the Minnesota District Court. The consolidated actions are styled In re Pork Antitrust Litigation. The operative complaints allege, among other things, that beginning in January 2009, the defendants conspired and combined to fix, raise, maintain, and stabilize the price of pork products in violation of U.S. antitrust laws by coordinating output and limiting production, allegedly facilitated by the exchange of non-public information about prices, capacity, sales volume and demand through Agri Stats, Inc. The 
 43 

employees of pork or beef processing plants filed a class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado, individually and on behalf of all other employees at such plants (the Class ), against several pork and beef processors and their subsidiaries and related companies, including Seaboard Foods LLC Defendants ). The complaint alleges, among other things, that beginning in January 2014, the Defendants conspired in violation of anti-trust laws to fix and depress the compensation paid to the Class by, among other things, participating in third-party compensation surveys and exchanging wage-related information through a third-party benchmarking service. The relief sought includes treble damages, injunctive relief, pre- and post-judgment interest, costs and attorneys fees. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims and intends to vigorously defend them. It is impossible at this stage either to determine the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome resulting from the suit, or to reasonably estimate the amount of potential loss or range of potential loss, if any, resulting from the suit. Cereoil and Nolston Litigation On March 20, 2018, the bankruptcy trustee (the Trustee for Cereoil Uruguay S.A. Cereoil filed a suit in the Bankruptcy Court of First Instance in Uruguay that was served during the second quarter of 2018, naming as parties Seaboard Corporation and its subsidiaries, Seaboard Overseas Limited SOL and Seaboard Uruguay Holdings Ltd. Seaboard Uruguay ). Seaboard Corporation has a indirect ownership of Cereoil. The suit seeks an order requiring Seaboard Corporation, SOL and Seaboard Uruguay to reimburse Cereoil the amount of million, contending that deliveries of soybeans to SOL pursuant to purchase agreements should be set aside as fraudulent conveyances. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims alleged in this matter and intends to vigorously defend this matter. It is impossible at this stage to determine the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome resulting from this suit. In the event of an adverse ruling, Seaboard and its subsidiaries could be ordered to pay the amount of million plus interest. Any award in this case would offset against any award in the additional case described below filed by the Trustee on April 27, 2018. On April 27, 2018, the Trustee filed an additional suit in the Bankruptcy Court of First Instance in Uruguay that was served during the second quarter of 2018, naming as parties Seaboard Corporation, SOL, Seaboard Uruguay, all directors of Cereoil, including individuals employed by Seaboard who served as directors at the behest of Seaboard, and the Chief Financial Officer of Cereoil, an employee of Seaboard who also served at the behest of Seaboard (collectively, the Cereoil Defendants ). The Trustee contends that the Cereoil Defendants acted with willful misconduct to cause Cereoil s insolvency, and thus should be ordered to pay all liabilities of Cereoil, net of assets. The bankruptcy filing lists total liabilities of million and assets of million. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims alleged in this matter and intends to vigorously defend this matter. It is impossible at this stage to determine the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome resulting from this suit. In the event of an adverse ruling, Seaboard Corporation and the other Cereoil Defendants could be ordered to pay the amount of the net indebtedness of Cereoil, which based on the bankruptcy schedules would total million. It is possible that the net indebtedness could be higher than this amount if Cereoil s liabilities are greater than million and/or Cereoil s assets are worth less than million. In addition, in the event of an adverse ruling, the Bankruptcy Court of First Instance could order payment of the Trustee s professional fees, interest, and other expenses. Any award in this case would offset against any award in the case described above filed on March 20, 2018. 
 44 

million plus interest and other relief in excess of million. In March 2022, Seaboard filed a motion to dismiss HSBC s claims on various grounds. On September 23, 2022, the Kansas District Court dismissed of HSBC s claims. of those claims, for fraud, negligent misrepresentation and fraud by concealment, can be re filed by HSBC in Uruguay. The other claims, for breach of contract, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing and unjust enrichment, were dismissed with prejudice and cannot be re-filed unless HSBC successfully appeals the Kansas District Court order. The claim not dismissed in this matter is for promissory estoppel. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to this claim and intends to vigorously defend it. Due to the early stage of the proceeding, it is impossible to determine the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome resulting from this remaining claim. On May 15, 2018, the Trustee for Nolston S.A. Nolston filed a suit in the Bankruptcy Court of First Instance in Uruguay that was served during the second quarter of 2018, naming as parties Seaboard and the other Cereoil Defendants. Seaboard has a indirect ownership of Nolston. The Trustee contends that the Cereoil Defendants acted with willful misconduct to cause Nolston s insolvency, and thus should be ordered to pay all liabilities of Nolston, net of assets. The bankruptcy filing lists total liabilities of million and assets of million. Seaboard believes that it has meritorious defenses to the claims alleged in this matter and intends to vigorously defend this matter. It is impossible at this stage to determine the probability of a favorable or unfavorable outcome resulting from this suit. In the event of an adverse ruling, Seaboard and the other Cereoil Defendants could be ordered to pay the amount of the net indebtedness of Nolston, which based on the bankruptcy schedules, asset sales and removal of duplicative claims, is estimated to be approximately million. In addition, in the event of an adverse ruling, the Bankruptcy Court of First Instance could order payment of the Trustee s professional fees, interest, and other expenses. General Seaboard is subject to various administrative and judicial proceedings and other legal matters related to the normal conduct of its business. The ultimate resolution of these items is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial statements of Seaboard. Costs for litigating claims are expensed as incurred. Guarantees Certain of Seaboard s non-consolidated affiliates have debt supporting their underlying operations. From time to time, Seaboard will provide guarantees of such debt in order to further Seaboard s business objectives. As of December 31, 2022, guarantees outstanding were not material. Seaboard has not accrued a liability for any of the guarantees as management considers the likelihood of loss to be remote. Commitments As of December 31, 2022, Seaboard had various non-cancelable commitments under contractual agreements: Grain and feedstock commitments (b) Grain purchase contracts for resale (c) Fuel supply contracts (d) Capital expenditures (e) Other commitments Total unrecognized non-cancelable commitments 
 (a) The Pork segment has contracted with third parties for the purchase of hogs to support its operations. The amounts are based on projected market prices as of December 31, 2022. (b) The Pork segment enters into grain purchase and feedstock contracts to support its operations. For variable costs, the amounts are based on projected commodity prices as of December 31, 2022. (c) The CT M segment enters into grain purchase contracts, primarily to support firm sales commitments. The amounts are fixed or based on projected commodity prices as of December 31, 2022. 
 45 

vessels under construction. The variable price components are based on market prices as of December 31, 2022. (e) The capital expenditures are primarily for the Marine segment s construction of vessels with expected delivery of in 2024 and in 2025 and the Pork segment s biogas recovery projects and other investments that are expected to be completed in 2023. The amounts are based on milestones per respective contracts. 
 in equities and in fixed-income securities. The investment strategy is periodically reviewed by management for adherence to policy and performance. The following tables show the qualified plans assets measured at estimated fair value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and the level within the fair value hierarchy used to measure each category of assets: Foreign equity securities Domestic fixed income mutual funds Foreign fixed income mutual funds Money market funds Total assets 

December 31, (Millions of dollars) 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Domestic equity securities Foreign equity securities Domestic fixed income mutual funds Foreign fixed income mutual funds Money market funds Total assets Assumptions used in determining pension information for the qualified and nonqualified plans were: - - - Discount rate used to determine net periodic benefit cost - - - Expected return on plan assets Long-term rate of increase in compensation levels Management selected the discount rates based on a model-based result where the timing and amount of cash flows approximates the estimated payouts. The expected return on the qualified plans assets assumption is based on the weighted average of asset class expected returns that are consistent with the qualified plans asset allocation and related long-term projected returns. 
 46 

Service cost Interest cost Actuarial gains ) ) Plan settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Benefit obligation at end of year Reconciliation of fair value of plan assets: Fair value of plan assets at beginning of year Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Plan settlements ) Benefits paid ) ) Fair value of plan assets at end of year Funded status ) ) The benefit obligation decreased primarily due to higher discount rates. The accumulated benefit obligation for the qualified and nonqualified plans was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Expected future benefit payments for the qualified and nonqualified plans during each of the next five years and the next five years thereafter were as follows: million, million, million, million, million and million, respectively. The net periodic benefit cost of these plans was as follows: Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization Settlement loss recognized Net periodic benefit cost The amounts not reflected in net periodic benefit cost and included in accumulated other comprehensive loss before taxes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were million and million, respectively. Such amounts primarily represent the cumulative unrecognized net actuarial gains and losses that are generally amortized over the average remaining working lifetime of the active participants for all of these plans. Seaboard has defined contribution retirement programs for various groups of employees. Contribution expense for these programs was million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase in costs in 2022 was primarily due to match changes for a production plan and an increase in the rate of matching contributions for another plan. Seaboard has deferred compensation plans that allow certain employees to reduce their compensation in exchange for values in various investments. One plan requires certain individuals to defer compensation over a specific threshold and another plan, which no longer allows contributions, has options that are exercisable. In conjunction with these plans, Seaboard purchases investments that are classified as trading securities and included in other current assets, and recognizes the amount payable to employees in other current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Investments for Seaboard s deferred compensation plans were million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The 
 47 

million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Deferred compensation plan costs recognized in selling, general and administrative expenses are offset by the effect of the marked-to-market adjustments on investments recorded in other investment income (loss). Domestic debt securities Foreign equity securities Foreign debt securities Money market funds held in trading accounts Other trading securities Trading securities other current assets Long-term investment - BDC Derivatives Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration Derivatives Total liabilities 

December 31, (Millions of dollars) 2021 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Trading securities short-term investments: Domestic debt securities Domestic equity securities Foreign equity securities Foreign debt securities Money market funds held in trading accounts Other trading securities Trading securities other current assets Long-term investment - BDC Derivatives Total assets Liabilities: Contingent consideration Derivatives Total liabilities Financial instruments consisting of cash and cash equivalents, net receivables, lines of credit and accounts payable are carried at cost, which approximates fair value, as a result of the short-term nature of the instruments. The fair value of short-term investments is measured using multiple levels. Debt securities categorized as level 1 in the fair value hierarchy 
 48 

million was removed and prospectively, the instrument was reclassified as level 2 rather than level 3. The fair value of long-term debt is estimated by comparing interest rates for debt with similar terms and maturities. As Seaboard s long-term debt is mostly variable-rate, its carrying amount approximates fair value. If Seaboard s long-term debt was measured at fair value on its consolidated balance sheets, it would have been classified as level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. See Note 7 for a discussion of Seaboard s long-term debt. Seaboard s contingent consideration, classified in other non-current liabilities, is related to a 2018 acquisition. The fair value is dependent on the probability of the acquiree achieving certain financial performance targets using earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA as a metric. The contingent consideration ranges between and million payable between five and following the closing, with timing at the discretion of the sellers. The fair value is classified as level 3 since the calculation is dependent upon projected company-specific inputs using a Monte Carlo simulation. Seaboard remeasures the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration liability until settled, with adjustments included in net earnings (loss). The increase in value during 2022 was related to higher projected EBITDA at the measurement date. Derivatives Seaboard s operations are exposed to market risks from changes in commodity prices, foreign currency exchange rates, interest rates and equity prices. Seaboard uses derivatives to manage commodity and foreign currency fluctuations. From time to time, Seaboard enters into interest rate swap agreements to manage the interest rate risk of certain variable rate long-term debt and enters into equity futures contracts to manage the equity price risk of certain short-term investments. While management believes its derivatives are primarily economic hedges, Seaboard does not perform the extensive record-keeping required to account for these types of transactions as hedges for accounting purposes. As a result, fluctuations in prices and rates could have a material impact on earnings in any given reporting period. Credit risks associated with derivative contracts are not significant as Seaboard minimizes counterparty exposure by dealing with credit-worthy counterparties and uses margin accounts for some accounts. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount of credit risk, had the counterparties failed to perform according to the terms of the contract, was less than million. Commodity Instruments Seaboard uses various derivative futures and options to manage its risk to price fluctuations for raw materials and other inventories, finished product sales and firm sales commitments. Commodity derivatives are recorded at fair value, with any changes in fair value recognized as a component of cost of sales in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. Seaboard had the following aggregated outstanding notional amounts: Hogs Pounds Soybean oil Pounds Heating oil Gallons Foreign Currency Exchange Agreements Seaboard enters into foreign currency exchange agreements to manage the foreign currency exchange rate risk of certain transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Foreign currency exchange agreements that primarily relate to an underlying commodity transaction are recorded at fair value with changes in value recognized as a component of cost of sales. Other foreign currency exchange agreements are recognized as a component of foreign currency gains (losses), net. 
 49 

million and million, respectively, primarily related to the South African rand and euro. The following table provides the amount of gain (loss) recorded for each type of derivative and where it was recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income: ) Foreign currencies Cost of sales ) ) Foreign currencies Foreign currency gains (losses), net Interest rate swaps Interest expense The following table provides the fair value of each type of derivative held and where each derivative is included in the consolidated balance sheets: Other current liabilities Foreign currencies Other current assets Other current liabilities Seaboard s commodity derivative assets and liabilities are presented in the consolidated balance sheets on a net basis, including netting the derivatives with the related margin accounts. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the commodity derivatives had a margin account balance of million and million, respectively, resulting in a net other current asset in the consolidated balance sheets of million and million, respectively. shares of common stock during 2020 at a total price of million. Shares repurchased were retired and became authorized and unissued shares. The components of accumulated other comprehensive loss AOCL ), net of related taxes, were as follows: ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings (a) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Balance December 31, 2020 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings (a) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Balance December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCL to net earnings (b) (a) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) ) (a) This primarily represents the amortization of actuarial losses (gains) that were included in net periodic pension cost. See Note 9 for further discussion. (b) This reclassification adjustment primarily reflects the recognition of a currency translation adjustment upon the disposition of a CT M business in Brazil whose functional currency was the Brazilian real. Upon management s commitment to a plan to dispose, substantially all of this adjustment was previously recognized as an impairment in cost of sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 50 

51 

effective tax rate, except for unrecognized pension cost of million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to employees at certain subsidiaries for which tax benefit was recorded. Foreign Total earnings before income taxes excluding noncontrolling interests Net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests Total earnings before income taxes The components of total income taxes were as follows: ) Foreign State and local Deferred: Federal ) Foreign ) ) State and local ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Unrealized changes in other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total income taxes Income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 differed from the amounts computed by applying the statutory U.S. federal income tax rate of to earnings before income taxes excluding noncontrolling interests for the following reasons: Adjustments to tax expense attributable to: Foreign tax differences ) ) Tax-exempt income ) ) ) Foreign entity repatriation Federal tax credits ) ) ) Unrecognized tax benefits Valuation allowance ) ) Other ) Total income tax expense (benefit) ) Certain of Seaboard s foreign operations are subject to no income tax or a tax rate that is lower than the U.S. corporate tax rate. Fluctuation of earnings or losses incurred from certain foreign operations conducting business in these jurisdictions impact the mix of taxable earnings. 
 52 

million, million and million in net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The receivable from the U.S. government was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, included in other receivables. The federal blender s credits are available through 2024. Seaboard has certain investments in various entities that are expected to enable Seaboard to obtain certain federal investment tax credits. During 2022, Seaboard invested million in a solar renewable energy project in Guam and received million of federal investment tax credits. Seaboard accounts for this solar investment using the flow-through method and recognized the impact of the investment tax credits in the period earned on a gross basis, with the charge related to the reduction of the investment recorded in other investment income (loss) offset by the benefit of the credits recorded in income tax benefit (expense). Also, Seaboard invested million and million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, in limited liability companies that operated refined coal processing plants that generated federal income tax credits based on production levels. These alternative long-term investments, accounted for using the equity method of accounting, generated in aggregate million, million and million of investment tax credits for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Seaboard had income taxes receivable of million and million, respectively, primarily related to domestic tax jurisdictions, and had income taxes payable of million and million, respectively, primarily related to foreign tax jurisdictions. Components of the net deferred income tax liability were as follows: Domestic partnerships Unrealized gain on investments Inventory Foreign basis difference Other Gross deferred income tax liabilities Deferred income tax assets: Reserves/accruals Sec. 174 capitalization Unrealized loss on investments Deferred earnings of foreign subsidiaries Net operating and capital loss carry-forwards Tax credit carry-forwards Other Gross deferred income tax assets before valuation allowance Less: Valuation allowance Net deferred income tax liability (asset) ) The activity within the valuation allowance account was as follows: ) Year Ended December 31, 2021 Year Ended December 31, 2020 ) Management believes Seaboard s future taxable income will be sufficient for full realization of the net deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance relates to the tax benefits from state net operating losses, foreign net operating losses and tax credits. Management does not believe these benefits are more likely than not to be realized due to limitations imposed on the utilization of these losses and credits. As of December 31, 2022, Seaboard had state net operating loss carry-forwards 
 53 

million and foreign net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately million, a portion of which expire in varying amounts between 2023 and 2042, while others have indefinite expiration periods. As of December 31, 2022, Seaboard had state tax credit carry-forwards of approximately million, all of which carry-forward indefinitely. Historically, Seaboard has considered substantially all foreign profits as being permanently invested in its foreign operations, including all cash and short-term investments held by foreign subsidiaries. During the fourth quarter of 2022, Seaboard reversed its indefinite reinvestment assertion in connection with certain previously-taxed undistributed earnings of its Seaboard Marine subsidiary due to the tax effectiveness of repatriating. As a result, Seaboard recorded a deferred tax liability of million for federal and state incremental tax costs associated with the future potential repatriation of Seaboard Marine s previously-taxed foreign undistributed earnings. For all other foreign subsidiaries, Seaboard intends to continue permanently reinvesting their funds outside the U.S. as they continue to demonstrate no need to repatriate them to fund Seaboard s U.S. operations for the foreseeable future. Seaboard has not recorded deferred taxes for state or foreign withholding taxes that would result upon repatriation of these funds to the U.S. Determination of the tax that might be paid on unremitted earnings if eventually remitted is not practical due to the complexity of the multi-jurisdictional tax environment in which Seaboard operates. Seaboard s tax returns are regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities, which may result in material adjustments. Seaboard s 2018 and 2019 U.S. income tax returns are currently under IRS examination. U.S. federal tax years prior to 2017 are no longer subject to IRS tax assessment as certain provisions under the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act have a statute of six years. In the U.S., typically the three most recent tax years are subject to IRS audits, unless an agreement is made to extend the statute of limitations for an audit in progress or the statute is specifically extended by law for certain specialized items. In Seaboard s major non-U.S. jurisdictions, including Argentina, the Dominican Republic, Ivory Coast and Senegal, tax years are typically subject to examination for three to . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Seaboard had million and million, respectively, in total unrecognized tax benefits, all of which if recognized would affect the effective tax rate. Seaboard does not have any material uncertain tax positions in which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts of the unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within 12 months of the reporting date. The following table is a reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of unrecognized tax benefits: Additions for uncertain tax positions of prior years Decreases for uncertain tax positions of prior years ) ) Additions for uncertain tax positions of current year Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) Ending balance as of December 31 Seaboard accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense and had approximately million and million accrued as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. reportable segments: Pork, CT M, Marine, Sugar and Alcohol, Power and Turkey, each offering a specific product or service. Seaboard s reporting segments are based on information used by Seaboard s Chief Executive Officer in his capacity as chief operating decision maker to determine allocation of resources and assess performance. Each of the segments is separately managed, and each was started or acquired independent of the other segments. The Pork segment primarily produces hogs to process and sells pork products to further processors, food service operators, distributors and grocery stores throughout the U.S. and to foreign markets. In 2022, this segment acquired hog inventory and certain hog farms in the central U.S. from The Maschhoffs, LLC for total cash consideration of million. These additional farms increase the Pork segment s sow base, resulting in less reliance on third-party hog suppliers. The purchase was recorded at fair value and the final purchase price allocation was million to inventories, million to property, plant and equipment and million to goodwill. Goodwill represents the assembled workforce and the benefits of acquiring an existing operation. In 2020, this segment purchased a hog production company for million, which primarily included hog farms and related assets. This segment also produces biodiesel and renewable diesel from pork fat 
 54 

million, net of cash sold . In 2021, this segment increased its ownership interest in a feed manufacturer and hog producer in Ecuador from to . Total consideration for the purchase price included million of cash paid, net of cash acquired, Seaboard s previously held equity interest and affiliate trade receivables. The final purchase price allocation primarily included working capital of million and property, plant and equipment of million. The Marine segment provides cargo shipping services in the U.S., the Caribbean and Central and South America. The Sugar and Alcohol segment produces and processes sugar and alcohol in Argentina. The Power segment is an independent power producer in the Dominican Republic that owns power-generating barges, with EDM III placed in service during the second quarter of 2022. The Turkey segment, accounted for using the equity method, produces and processes turkey products. Total assets for the Turkey segment represent Seaboard s investment in Butterball. See Note 6 for more information on Butterball. The All Other segment represents primarily a jalape o pepper processing operation. The following tables present Seaboard s sales disaggregated by revenue source and segment: Transportation Energy Other Segment/consolidated totals Net Sales: Year Ended December 31, 2021 (Millions of dollars) Pork CT M Marine Sugar and Alcohol Power All Other Consolidated Totals Major Products/Services Lines: Products Transportation Energy Other Segment/consolidated totals Net Sales: Year Ended December 31, 2020 (Millions of dollars) Pork CT M Marine Sugar and Alcohol Power All Other Consolidated Totals Major Products/Services Lines: Products Transportation Energy Other Segment/consolidated totals The following tables present Seaboard s operating income (loss) by segment. Operating income for segment reporting is prepared on the same basis as that used for consolidated operating income. Operating income, along with income (loss) from affiliates for the Pork, CT M and Turkey segments, is used as the measure of evaluating segment performance because management does not consider interest, other investment income (loss) and income tax benefit (expense) on a 
 55 

CT M Marine Sugar and Alcohol Power ) All other Segment totals Corporate ) ) ) Consolidated totals The following tables present Seaboard s total assets and capital expenditures by segment. Corporate assets primarily include cash and short-term investments, other current assets related to deferred compensation plans, long-term investments and other miscellaneous items. CT M Marine Sugar and Alcohol Power Turkey All other Segment totals Corporate Consolidated totals CT M Marine Sugar and Alcohol Power All other Segment totals Corporate Consolidated totals Geographic Information Seaboard had sales in Colombia totaling million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing approximately , and of total sales for each respective year. Seaboard had sales in South Africa totaling million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing approximately of total sales for 2022 and for years 2021 and 2020. No other individual foreign country accounted for 10 or more of sales to external customers. 
 56 

The following table provides a geographic summary of Seaboard s property, plant and equipment according to their physical location and primary port for the vessels: Dominican Republic Argentina China Ivory Coast Senegal Zambia All other Total property, plant and equipment, net Item 9 . Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A . Controls and Procedures As of December 31, 2022, Seaboard s management has evaluated, under the direction of its chief executive and chief financial officers, the effectiveness of Seaboard s disclosure controls and procedures, as defined under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e). Based upon and as of the date of that evaluation, Seaboard s chief executive and chief financial officers concluded that Seaboard s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports it files and submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required. It should be noted that any system of disclosure controls and procedures, however well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the system are met. In addition, the design of any system of disclosure controls and procedures is based in part upon assumptions about the likelihood of future events. Due to these and other inherent limitations of any such system, there can be no assurance that any design will always succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Change in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in Seaboard s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Seaboard s internal control over financial reporting. There have been no changes in Seaboard s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2021 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, Seaboard s internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting The management of Seaboard is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15(f). Under the supervision, and with the participation of management and its Internal Audit Department, Seaboard conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). Based on its evaluation under the framework in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) , management concluded that Seaboard s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 57 

KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited Seaboard s financial statements contained herein, also audited Seaboard s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. The audit report is included in Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. Item 9B . Other Information None. Item 9C . Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. PART III Item 10 . Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information about the executive officers of Seaboard is included under the caption Information About Seaboard s Executive Officers in Item 1 of this annual report on Form 10-K. Seaboard has a Code of Conduct and Ethics Policy for Senior Financial Officers applicable to its senior financial officers (including the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, chief accounting officer and controller and persons performing similar functions) and a Code of Ethics Policy applicable to its directors, officers and other employees (together the Codes ). Seaboard has posted the Codes on its internet website, www.seaboardcorp.com, and intends to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 10 of Form 10-K regarding any future changes and waivers to the Codes by posting such information on that website. In addition to the information provided above, the information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Item 1: Election of Directors, Board of Directors Information Committees of the Board Audit Committee, and Board of Directors Information Director Nominations of Seaboard s definitive proxy statement for the 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which will be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022 Proxy Statement ). Ite m 11 . Executive Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Board of Directors Information Compensation of Directors, Executive Compensation and Other Information, Employment Arrangements with Named Executive Officers, Benefit Plans, Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Compensation Committee Report, and Compensation Discussion and Analysis included in the Proxy Statement. It em 12 . Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters Seaboard has not established any equity compensation plans or individual agreements for its employees under which Seaboard common stock, or options, rights or warrants with respect to Seaboard common stock may be granted. In addition to the information provided above, the information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Principal Stockholders and Share Ownership of Management and Directors included in the Proxy Statement. I tem 13 . Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the captions Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation, Board of Directors Information Controlled Corporation and Board of Directors Information Committees of the Board included in the Proxy Statement. I tem 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services Seaboard s independent registered public accounting firm is , , Auditor Firm ID: . The other information required by this item is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the caption Item 2: Selection of Independent Auditors included in the Proxy Statement. 
 58 

PART IV Item 15 . Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules (a) List the following documents filed as a part of the report: 1. Financial statements The financial statements are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 2. Financial statement schedules All schedules are omitted as the required information is not applicable or the information is presented in the consolidated financial statements or related consolidated notes. 3. Exhibits 

Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Seaboard Corporation Restated Certificate of Incorporation. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2009. 3.2 Seaboard Corporation By-laws, as amended. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005. 4 Description of common stock. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2019. 10.1 Seaboard Corporation Retiree Medical Benefit Plan as Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2009 and dated December 22, 2008, amending and restating the Seaboard Corporation Retiree Medical Benefit Plan dated March 4, 2005. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. 10.2 First Amendment to the Seaboard Corporation Retiree Medical Benefit Plan effective March 25, 2015 and dated March 31, 2015. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 4, 2015 . 10.3 Seaboard Corporation Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2009 and dated December 22, 2008, amending and restating the Seaboard Corporation Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan dated December 29, 2005. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2008. 10.4 Amendment No. 1 to the Seaboard Corporation Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2009 and dated December 17, 2009. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.25 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. 10.5 Amendment No. 2 to the Seaboard Corporation Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2019 and dated January 2, 2019. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. 10.6 + Amended and Restated Seaboard Corporation Post-2018 Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2023 dated December 13, 2022. 10.7 Seaboard Corporation 409A Executive Retirement Plan Amended and Restated effective January 1, 2013 and dated December 21, 2012, amending and restating the Seaboard Corporation Executive Retirement Plan, Amendment and Restatement dated December 22, 2008. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 10.8 First Amendment to the Seaboard Corporation 409A Executive Retirement Plan effective as of January 1, 2015 and dated January 14, 2016. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015. 10.9 Seaboard Corporation Cash Balance Executive Retirement Plan Amended and Restated effective August 1, 2020 . Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2020. 
 59 

10.10 Seaboard Corporation Pension Plan as restated and amended effective January 1, 2021. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 10.11 Seaboard Marine Pension Plan effective January 1, 2021. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 3, 2021. 10.12 Amendment No. 1 to the Seaboard Marine Pension Plan as Restated as of January 1, 2021, dated November 15, 2021. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 10.13 + Seaboard Corporation Long-term Incentive Plan effective January 1, 2022. 10.14 + Seaboard Corporation 401(K) Excess Plan effective January 1, 2022 and dated December 13, 2022. 10.15 Seaboard Marine Ltd. 401(K) Excess Plan effective January 1, 2009 and dated December 18, 2009. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009. 10.16 First Amendment to the Seaboard Marine Ltd. 401(k) Excess Plan effective January 1, 2022. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 2, 2022. 10.17 Seaboard Corporation Investment Option Plan dated December 18, 2000. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2000. 10.18 Seaboard Corporation Executive Officers Bonus Policy (effective for 2018-2020). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.17 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018. 10.19 Seaboard Corporation Named Executive Officers Bonus Policy (effective for 2021 and supersedes all policies). Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 10.20 Restated Employment Agreement between Seaboard Corporation and Robert L. Steer dated August 27, 2020 . Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 26, 2020. 10.21 Restated Employment Agreement between Seaboard Corporation and David H. Rankin dated January 12, 2021. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 10.22 Employment Agreement between Seaboard Overseas and Trading Group and David M. Dannov dated December 21, 2012. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.19 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 10.23 Amendment to Employment Agreement between Seaboard Overseas and Trading Group and David M. Dannov dated March 22, 2017. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2017. 10.24 Employment Agreement between Seaboard Marine Ltd. and Edward A. Gonzalez dated December 21, 2012. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.20 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2012. 10.25 Employment Agreement between Seaboard Foods LLC and Peter B. Brown dated November 30, 2020. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.22 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 10.26 Summary of Perquisite for Personal Use of Seaboard Airplane . Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.23 of Seaboard s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. 10.27 Amended and Restated Terminal Agreement between Miami-Dade County and Seaboard Marine Ltd. for Marine Terminal Operations dated May 30, 2008. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Seaboard s Form 8-K dated May 30, 2008. 10.28 Amendment No. 1 to Amended and Restated Terminal Agreement between Miami-Dade County and Seaboard Marine Ltd. for Marine Terminal Operations dated March 30, 2009. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29, 2013. 
 60 

10.29 Amendment No. 2 to Amended and Restated Terminal Agreement between Miami-Dade County and Seaboard Marine Ltd. for Marine Terminal Operations dated July 31, 2013. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Seaboard s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 29, 2013. 10.30 Marketing Agreement dated February 2, 2004 by and among Seaboard Corporation, Seaboard Farms, Inc., Triumph Foods, LLC, and for certain limited purposes only, the members of Triumph Foods, LLC. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Seaboard s Form 8-K dated February 3, 2004. 10.31 Amended and Restated Term Loan Credit Agreement dated September 25, 2018 by and among Seaboard Corporation, Seaboard Foods LLC, CoBank, ACB, Farm Credit Services of America, PCA and other lenders. Incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Seaboard s Form 8-K filed September 27, 2018. 21+ List of subsidiaries. 31.1+ Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2+ Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1+ Certification of the Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2+ Certification of the Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS+ Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE+ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104+ Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. + Filed electronically with this annual report on Form 10-K with the SEC and transmitted via EDGAR. (b) Exhibits See exhibits identified above under Item 15(a)(3). (c) Financial Statement Schedules. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules None. Item 16 . For m 10-K Summary None. 
 61 

SI GNATUR ES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SEABOARD CORPORATION (Registrant) By: /s/ Robert L. Steer Robert L. Steer President and Chief Executive Officer Date: February 14, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Date Title /s/ Robert L. Steer February 14, 2023 President, Chief Executive Officer Robert L. Steer (principal executive officer) /s/ David H. Rankin February 14, 2023 Executive Vice President, David H. Rankin Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) /s/ Michael D. Trollinger February 14, 2023 Senior Vice President, Michael D. Trollinger Corporate Controller and Chief Accounting Officer (principal accounting officer) /s/ Ellen S. Bresky February 14, 2023 Chairwoman of the Board Ellen S. Bresky /s/ Douglas W. Baena February 14, 2023 Lead Director Douglas W. Baena /s/ David A. Adamsen February 14, 2023 Director David A. Adamsen /s/ Frances B. Shifman February 14, 2023 Director Frances B. Shifman /s/ Paul M. Squires February 14, 2023 Director Paul M. Squires 
 62 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 seb-20221231xex10d6.htm
 AMENDED AND RESTATED SEABOARD CORPORATION POST-2018 NON-QUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN

Exhibit 10.6 AMENDED AND RESTATED SEABOARD CORPORATION POST-2018 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN Effective January 1, 2023 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

ARTICLE I PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE 1 ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS 1 Section 2.1 162(m) Excess Compensation 1 Section 2.2 Account 1 Section 2.3 Beneficiary 1 Section 2.4 Board 1 Section 2.5 Change of Control 2 Section 2.6 Code 2 Section 2.7 Committee 2 Section 2.8 Company 2 Section 2.9 Company Contribution 2 Section 2.10 Company 162(m) Compensation 3 Section 2.11 Company 401(k) Matching Contribution 3 Section 2.12 Company Discretionary Contribution 3 Section 2.13 Compensation 3 Section 2.14 Covered Employee 3 Section 2.15 Deferral 3 Section 2.16 Deferral Election 3 Section 2.17 Disability 3 Section 2.18 Distribution Preference Election 3 Section 2.19 Eligible Employee 4 Section 2.20 Employee 4 Section 2.21 Employer 4 Section 2.22 Investment Options 4 Section 2.23 Investment Return 4 Section 2.24 Match Percentage 4 Section 2.25 Participant 4 Section 2.26 Plan 4 Section 2.27 Plan Year 4 Section 2.28 Related Company 4 Section 2.29 Separation from Service 4 Section 2.30 Unforeseeable Emergency 5 ARTICLE III PARTICIPATION 5 Section 3.1 Participation for Deferrals 5 Section 3.2 Participation for Company 401(k) Matching Contributions 5 Section 3.3 Participation for Company Discretionary Contributions 5 ARTICLE IV DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 5 Section 4.1 Method 5 Section 4.2 Irrevocable 5 Section 4.3 Deferral Election 6 
 
 -i- 

Section 4.4 Special Rule for Deferral Election for First Year of Eligibility 6 Section 4.5 Minimum Annual Deferral 6 Section 4.6 Cancellation of Deferral Election on Account of Unforeseeable Emergency 6 ARTICLE V COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS 7 Section 5.1 Company 401(k) Matching Contribution 7 Section 5.2 Company 162(m) Contribution 7 Section 5.3 Company Discretionary Contribution 7 ARTICLE VI ACCOUNTS AND INVESTMENT RETURN 7 Section 6.1 Account Adjustments for Deferrals, Company Contributions and Distributions 7 Section 6.2 Account Adjustments for Investment Return 7 Section 6.3 Vesting 7 ARTICLE VII DISTRIBUTIONS 7 Section 7.1 Distribution Preference Elections 7 Section 7.2 Distribution of Account Based on Company Discretionary Contributions 8 Section 7.3 Subject to Mandatory Distribution Provisions and 162(m) payment Delay 8 Section 7.4 Election Form 8 Section 7.5 Time of Initial Election or Deemed Election 8 Section 7.6 Subsequent 9 Section 7.7 Mandatory Distribution Upon Separation from Service 9 Section 7.8 Mandatory Distribution Upon Change of Control 9 Section 7.9 Mandatory Distribution Upon Disability 9 Section 7.10 Mandatory Distribution Upon Death 9 Section 7.11 Distribution Upon Unforeseeable Emergency 9 Section 7.12 Adjustments to Accounts 10 ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION 10 ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATION 10 Section 9.1 Committee 10 Section 9.2 Delegation 10 Section 9.3 Information to be Furnished 10 Section 9.4 Committee s Decision Final 11 Section 9.5 Remuneration and Expenses 11 Section 9.6 Indemnification of Committee Member 11 Section 9.7 Resignation or Removal of Committee Member 11 Section 9.8 Interested Committee Member 11 ARTICLE X CLAIMS PROCEDURE 11 Section 10.1 Claim 11 
 
 -ii- 

Section 10.2 Denial of Claim 11 Section 10.3 Review of Claim 12 Section 10.4 Final Decision 12 ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 12 Section 11.1 Captions 12 Section 11.2 Company Action 12 Section 11.3 Terms 12 Section 11.4 Governing Law 12 Section 11.5 Non-Assignability 12 Section 11.6 Tax Obligations 12 Section 11.7 Not a Contract of Employment 13 Section 11.8 Participant Cooperation 13 Section 11.9 Successors 13 Section 11.10 Unsecured General Creditor 13 Section 11.11 Validity 13 Section 11.12 Waiver of Notice 13 APPENDIX A 15 
 
 -iii- 

 AMENDED AND RESTATED SEABOARD CORPORATION POST-2018 NONQUALIFIED DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN ARTICLE I PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE Seaboard Corporation (the Company adopted the Seaboard Corporation Post-2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan (the Original Plan effective January 1, 2019. The Original Plan is being amended and restated as of January 1, 2023 to be as provided herein (the Original Plan, as amended and restated hereby, being referred to as the Plan ). The purpose of the Plan is to aid in attracting and retaining certain key employees of Seaboard Corporation and participating affiliated companies by providing to them an opportunity for supplemental retirement income. The Company intends for the Plan to comply with the final Treasury regulations issued under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Plan is intended to be an arrangement that is unfunded and maintained primarily for the purpose of providing supplemental retirement income to a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the Plan is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, and the Plan shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS For purposes of this Plan, the following words and phrases shall have the meaning indicated, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise: 2.1 162(m) Excess Compensation means that portion of any bonus payable to any Covered Employee for services rendered in any calendar year which would, if paid, cause such Covered Employee s Compensation for such calendar year to exceed the 1,000,000 deduction limit under Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m) if paid currently. 2.2 Account means the bookkeeping account maintained by the Committee for a Participant to which is credited Deferrals and Company Contributions, and to which is charged distributions, and which is adjusted to reflect earnings and losses, all as herein provided. Any reference herein to a distribution of the Participant s Account shall mean a payment of an amount equal to the amount credited to the Participant s Account. 2.3 Beneficiary means one or more persons, trusts, estates or other entities, designated by a Participant, in accordance with procedures established by the Committee, to receive any remaining balance in the Participant s Account upon the death of the Participant. If no designation by the Participant is effective, then the Participant s Beneficiary shall be the Participant s surviving spouse if any, but if none then the Participant s estate. 2.4 Board means the board of directors of Seaboard Corporation. 

2.5 Change of Control means an event or transaction described below; provided, however, an event or transaction described below will not be a Change of Control for purposes of a payment event under the Plan unless it constitutes a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v): (a) The acquisition by any unrelated person or entity of more than fifty percent (50 of either the outstanding shares of common stock or the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (b) The sale to an unrelated person or entity of Company assets that have a total gross fair market value of more than eighty-five percent (85 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such sale; (c) The acquisition, whether by reorganization, merger, consolidation, purchase or similar transaction, by any person or entity or more than one person or entity acting as a group of more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Company or the entity in which the Company was reorganized, merged or consolidated into; (d) The acquisition by any person or entity (other than by any descendant of Otto Bresky, Senior or any trust established primarily for the benefit of any descendant of Otto Bresky, Senior or any other related person or entity) of more than fifty percent (50 of either the membership interests or the combined voting power of Seaboard Flour, LLC at any time when Seaboard Flour, LLC owns fifty percent (50 or more of the Company. For purposes of determining whether there has been a Change of Control under this Section 2.5, the attribution of ownership rules under Code Section 318(a) shall apply. Also for purposes of determining whether there has been a Change of Control, Company means only Seaboard Corporation and any successors to the business of Seaboard Corporation. 2.6 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any amendments thereto, and any regulations issued thereunder. 2.7 Committee means the Committee, which may consist of one person, designated from time to time by the Company to administer the Plan. 2.8 Company means Seaboard Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and any successors to the business of Seaboard Corporation. 2.9 Company Contribution means a Company 162(m) Contribution, Company 401(k) Matching Contribution or Company Discretionary Contribution that is made to a Participant s Account pursuant to this Plan. 
 - 2 - 

 2.10 Company 162(m) Contribution means the amount credited by the Company to a Participant s Account pursuant to Section 5.1 as a Company 162(m) Contribution. 2.11 Company 401(k) Matching Contribution means the amount determined in accordance with Article V that is an obligation of the Employer and that is credited to a Participant s Account pursuant to Section 5.1 as a Company 401(k) Matching Contribution . 2.12 Company Discretionary Contribution means the amount determined in accordance with Article V that is credited to a Participant s Account pursuant to Section 5.1 as a Company Discretionary Contribution. 2.13 Compensation means the total amount payable to the Participant by the Employer for the Participant s services during a calendar year subject to the following provisions of this Section 2.13. Compensation specifically excludes: (a) reimbursements or other expense allowances, fringe benefits (cash and noncash), moving expenses, and welfare benefits; (b) any benefits accrued or paid under the Seaboard Corporation Executive Retirement Plan, as amended; (c) any amount of taxable income recognized by the Participant upon the exercise of an option under any option plan or program maintained by the Company; (d) any amount of taxable income recognized by the Participant as a result of a distribution under this Plan; and (e) any amount allocated or paid under the Seaboard Corporation Executive Deferred Compensation Plan, as amended. Compensation shall not include a Participant s Compensation payable for any period prior to the time the Participant becomes eligible to participate in the Retirement Savings Plan for Seaboard Corporation, as amended. 2.14 Covered Employee shall have the meaning given to that term in Internal Revenue Code Section 162(m). 2.15 Deferral means the portion of the salary or bonus payable to a Participant that is deferred for a Plan Year pursuant to a Deferral Election by the Participant and is credited to the Participant s Account. 2.16 Deferral Election means an election made hereunder by a Participant to defer salary or bonus payable to the Participant and earned after the date of the Deferral Election as determined hereunder. 2.17 Disability means the Participant is (a) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months; or (b) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12)months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan sponsored by the Company. 2.18 Distribution Preference Election means the election made or deemed made by a Participant governing the time of payment of benefits hereunder to the Participant. 
 - 3 - 

 2.19 Eligible Employee means an Employee who is a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees, taking into account for this purpose all employees of all Related Companies. 2.20 Employee means any individual who is a salaried employee of an Employer. 2.21 Employer means the Company and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates that participate in this Plan with the consent of the Company, and any successors to the business of any such participating subsidiaries or affiliates. The subsidiaries or affiliates participating in this Plan as of the effective date are listed on Appendix A attached hereto. 2.22 Investment Options means the investment options selected by the Committee from time to time among which a Participant may direct the investment of his or her Account in accordance with procedures established by the Committee. 2.23 Investment Return means the amount of earnings, gains or losses applicable to the Participant s Account as measured by the Investment Options applicable pursuant to the Participant s direction or as otherwise provided herein. 2.24 Match Percentage means the matching contribution percentage being made by the Company pursuant to Questions 12.c. and 28 of the Retirement Savings Plan for Seaboard Corporation, as of the date the Company 401(k) Matching Contribution is being made. 2.25 Participant means any Eligible Employee: (i) who is designated as eligible to participate in the Plan for purposes of Deferrals and who makes a Deferral Election as provided in Section 3.1, (ii) who is a Covered Employee, (iii) who satisfies the requirements for participation for purposes of the Company 401(k) Matching Contributions as provided in Section 3.2 or (iv) who is eligible to have is or her Account credited with a Company Discretionary Contribution. Participant also means any individual for whom an Account is maintained hereunder. 2.26 Plan means this Amended and Restated Seaboard Corporation Post-2018 Nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan, as set forth herein and as from time to time amended. 2.27 Plan Year means the 12-month period beginning January 1 and ending December 31. 2.28 Related Company means any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations (as defined in Code Section 414(b)) that includes the Company or any corporation or other entity with whom the Company is considered a single employer under Code Section 414(c). 2.29 Separation from Service means the Participant s termination of employment with the Company. Whether a termination of employment has occurred shall be determined based on whether the facts and circumstances indicate the Participant and Company reasonably anticipate that no further services will be performed by the Participant for the Company; provided, however, that a Participant shall be deemed to have a termination of employment if the level of services he or she would perform for the Company after a certain date permanently decreases to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed for the Company 
 - 4 - 

 (whether as an employee or independent contractor) over the immediately preceding 36-month period (or the full period of services to the Company if the Participant has been providing services to the Company for less than 36 months). For this purpose, a Participant is not treated as having a Separation from Service while he or she is on a military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence, if the period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, so long as the Participant has a right to reemployment with the Company under an applicable statute or by contract. Where used in this Section 2.29, the term Company includes any Related Company. 2.30 Unforeseeable Emergency means an unanticipated emergency that is caused by an event beyond the control of the Participant that would result in severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from (a) a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the Participant or a dependent of the Participant; (b) a loss of the Participant s property due to casualty; or (c) such other extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant, all as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. ARTICLE III PARTICIPATION 3.1 Participation for Deferrals. The Committee will designate those Eligible Employees who are eligible to make Deferral Elections for a particular Plan Year. Such designation will be effective on the date of such written communication. Once an Eligible Employee has been designated under this Section 3.1, he or she may make a Deferral Election for the first Plan Year stated in such written designation and for each subsequent Plan Year until the first to occur of (a) the Participant s Separation from Service; or (b) a written notice from the Committee delivered prior to the first day of the Plan Year for which it is effective advising the Participant that he or she is no longer eligible to make a Deferral Election. 3.2 Participation for Company 401(k) Matching Contributions. Any Eligible Employee who has satisfied the requirements for eligibility to participate in the Retirement Savings Plan for Seaboard Corporation, as amended from time to time (the 401(k) Plan for a Plan Year. 3.3 Participation for Company Discretionary Contributions. The Committee will designate those Eligible Employees who are eligible to have their Account credited with a Company Discretionary Contribution. ARTICLE IV DEFERRAL ELECTIONS 4.1 Method. A Deferral Election shall be made in writing on a form provided by the Committee and shall be submitted to the Committee in such manner as the Committee determines. A Deferral Election will not be valid unless it is submitted to the Committee in the manner required. 4.2 Irrevocable. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.6, a Deferral Election will become irrevocable on the last day established by the Committee (in accordance with the provisions hereunder) for submitting the Deferral Election to the Committee; provided, however, in the case of a Deferral Election that is submitted under Section 4.4 after the first day of a Plan 
 - 5 - 

 Year, the Deferral Election shall become irrevocable at the time the Deferral Election is submitted to the Committee. 4.3 Deferral Election. A Participant s Deferral Election for a Plan Year must be made at such time as the Committee determines, but in no event later than the last day of the Plan Year preceding the Plan Year for which the Deferral Election is effective. A Participant s Deferral Election for a Plan Year with respect to salary shall apply to salary payable in the Plan Year for which the election is made. A Participant s Deferral Election for a Plan Year with respect to bonus shall apply to bonus earned in the Plan Year for which the election is made. 4.4 Special Rule for Deferral Election for First Year of Eligibility. Subject to the last sentence of this Section 4.4, an Eligible Employee who is designated under Section 3.1 for the first time, may elect to make Deferrals provided he or she submits a Deferral Election to the Committee by such time as the Committee determines, but in no event later than thirty (30) days after the date the Eligible Employee first becomes eligible to participate for Deferrals under Section 3.1. A Deferral Election made under this Section 4.4 after the first day of a Plan Year and applicable to salary, shall apply only with respect to salary earned after the date the Deferral Election becomes irrevocable. A Deferral Election under this Section 4.4 after the first day of a Plan Year applicable to a bonus payable to the Participant, shall apply only to the amount of the Participant s bonus that is deemed to be payable for services performed after the Deferral Election shall be determined by multiplying the total bonus payable by a fraction, the denominator of which is the total number of days in the performance period for which the bonus is payable, and the numerator of which is the number of days remaining in such performance period after the date the Participant s Deferral Election becomes irrevocable. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 4.4, if at the time an Eligible Employee becomes first eligible as a Participant for Deferrals under Section 3.1, the Eligible Employee is or has been eligible to participate in any nonqualified deferred compensation plan of a Related Company that is subject to Code Section 409A and that is required by Code Section 409A to be aggregated with this Plan with respect to Deferrals, then the Participant s Deferral Election will only be effective if it is submitted to the Committee at the time provided in Section 4.3. 4.5 Minimum Annual Deferral. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article IV, a Participant may not make a Deferral Election for a Plan year unless the Participant s Deferral Election for such Plan Year provides for a Deferral amount that is determined by the Committee to be at least 10,000. Such determination will be made by the Committee prior to the date the Deferral Election becomes irrevocable hereunder. 4.6 Cancellation of Deferral Election on Account of Unforeseeable Emergency. In the event a Participant requests a distribution pursuant to Section 7.11 due to an Unforeseeable Emergency, or the Participant requests a cancellation of the Deferral Election of the Participant due to an Unforeseeable Emergency, and the Committee determines that the Participant s Unforeseeable Emergency may be relieved all or in part through the cancellation of the Participant s current Deferral Election, then such Deferral Election shall be cancelled as soon as administratively practicable following such determination by the Committee. 
 - 6 - 

 ARTICLE V COMPANY CONTRIBUTIONS 5.1 Company 401(k) Matching Contribution. A Company 401(k) Matching Contribution will be credited to the Accounts of those Participants determined by the Committee under Section 3.2. The amount of a Company 401(k) Matching Contribution credited on behalf of a Participant for a Plan Year will equal the Company matching contribution, if any, which is the Match Percentage of the Participant s Deferral for such Plan Year. 5.2 Company 162(m) Contribution. The Company, in its discretion, may elect to credit a contribution to the Account of a Participant who is a Covered Employee in an amount up to his or her 162(m) Excess Compensation for any Plan Year in lieu of paying such 162(m) Excess Contribution to said Participant Company 162(m) Contribution ). 5.3 Company Discretionary Contribution. The Company may elect to credit a contribution to the Account of a Participant in such amount as it shall determine, in its discretion Company Discretionary Contribution ). At the time the Company credits the Account of a Participant with a Company Discretionary Contribution, the Company may specify the date on which the Company Discretionary Contribution (as adjusted for earnings and losses) shall be paid to the Participant. ARTICLE VI ACCOUNTS AND INVESTMENT RETURN 6.1 Account Adjustments for Deferrals, Company Contributions and Distributions. All Deferrals of a Participant with respect to a Plan Year will be credited to the Participant s Account as soon as administratively feasible after the date on which the Deferral would have been paid in cash absent the Deferral Election applicable to such Deferral. All Company Contributions made on behalf of a Participant with respect to a Plan Year will be credited to the Participant s Account at such time or times as determined by the Committee. Any distribution from a Participant s Account will be charged to the Account as of the time of the distribution. 6.2 Account Adjustments for Investment Return. A Participant s Account will be deemed invested in one or more Investment Options as directed or deemed directed by the Participant pursuant to procedures established by the Committee. At such times as determined by the Committee, and at such time as provided under Section 7.12, the Investment Return will be credited (in the case of net earnings) or charged (in the case of net losses) to the Participant s Account. 6.3 Vesting. A Participant will be fully vested in his or her Account at all times. ARTICLE VII DISTRIBUTIONS 7.1 Distribution Preference Elections. For each Deferral elected by a Participant for each Plan Year, the Participant shall make, or be deemed to make a separate Distribution Preference Election with respect to each Plan Year. A Distribution Preference Election will apply 
 - 7 - 

 to the distribution of all Deferrals and Company 401(k) Matching Contributions allocated to the Participant s Account with respect to a Plan Year, as adjusted thereafter for Investment Return. The Distribution Preference Election will designate the date for the payment by the Employer to the Participant of the amounts subject to the Distribution Preference Election. Except as provided in Section 7.3, payment by the Employer will be made during the ninety (90) day period commencing upon the distribution date designated in the applicable Distribution Preference Election. The form of payment will be a lump sum payment, unless limited by Section 7.3 due to a 162(m) Payment Delay. 7.2 Distribution of Account Based on Company Discretionary Contributions. Unless earlier distributed pursuant the provisions of the Plan, a Company Discretionary Contribution (as adjusted for earnings and losses) shall be paid to the Participant on the date specified by the Company at the time the Company Discretionary Contribution is made, provided, however, if no date is specified by the Company with respect to a Company Discretionary Contribution, the Company Discretionary Contribution (as adjusted for earnings and losses) shall be paid as soon practicable after the Participant reaches age 60. 7.3 Subject to Mandatory Distribution Provisions and 162(m) Payment Delay. Any Distribution Preference Election hereunder, whether an actual election or a deemed election, shall be subject to the mandatory distribution provisions of Sections 7.7, 7.8, 7.9 and 7.10; provided, however, no amount shall be paid under the mandatory distribution provisions of Section 7.7, 7.9 and 7.10 (i.e., all of the mandatory distribution provisions except on account of a Change of Control) or any Distribution Preference Election if the distributed amount would not be deductible under Code Section 162(m) (a 162(m) Payment Delay ). In accordance with Treasury regulation Section 1.409A-2(b)(7)(i), any amount subjected to a 162(m) Payment Delay shall be paid in the Participant s first taxable year that the Company reasonably anticipates, or should reasonably anticipate, that if the amount were distributed during such year, the deduction of such payment would not be barred by application of Code Section 162(m). Any amount that is payable on account of a Participant s Separation from Service and is subject to a 162(m) Payment Delay shall (a) not be paid earlier than the first day of the seventh month following the month of the Participant s Separation from Service; and (b)unless paid earlier, be paid in full as soon as administratively feasible after the beginning of the sixth anniversary of the Participant s Separation from Service (regardless of such payment s nondeducibility). 7.4 Election Form. A Distribution Preference Election (other than a deemed election) must be made in writing on a form provided by the Committee and shall be submitted to the Committee in such manner as the Committee determines. A Distribution Preference Election will not be valid unless it is submitted to the Committee in the manner required . 7.5 Time of Initial Election or Deemed Election. If a Participant makes a Deferral Election for a Plan Year, then at the time the Participant makes the Deferral Election the Participant may also make a Distribution Preference Election. If the Participant fails to make a Distribution Preference Election at such time, then the Participant shall be deemed to have made a Distribution Preference Election applicable to the Deferral allocated to the Participant s Account for such Plan Year, as adjusted thereafter for Investment Return, of a lump sum payment payable during the ninety (90) day period commencing on the first day of the sixth Plan Year following the year for which the Deferral Election is made. 
 - 8 - 

 7.6 Subsequent Distribution Preference Election. A Participant may change any existing Distribution Preference Election (whether it was made by the Participant or deemed made by the Participant) by filing a subsequent Distribution Preference Election with the Committee; provided, however, a subsequent Distribution Preference Election will not be effective unless it satisfies all of the following requirements: (a) A subsequent Distribution Preference Election may not take effect until at least twelve months after the date on which it is filed by the Participant. (b) A subsequent Distribution Preference Election may not be filed less than twelve (12) months prior to the designated distribution date under the existing Distribution Preference Election. (c) The payment that is subject to the subsequent Distribution Preference Election may not be made earlier than five (5) years after the date such payment would have been made absent such subsequent Distribution Preference Election. 7.7 Mandatory Distribution Upon Separation from Service. In the event of a Participant s Separation from Service, then unless the Participant s Account is to be distributed earlier under another provision of this Article VII, the Participant s Account will be distributed by the Employer to the Participant in a lump sum payment during the seventh month following the month in which the Participant has a Separation from Service. 7.8 Mandatory Distribution Upon Change of Control. In the event of a Change of Control, then unless the Participant s Account is to be distributed earlier under another provision of this Article VII, the Participant s Account will be distributed by the Employer to the Participant in a lump sum payment within ninety (90) days following the Change of Control. 7.9 Mandatory Distribution Upon Disability. In the event of the Disability of the Participant, then unless the Participant s Account is to be distributed earlier under another provision of this Article VII, the Participant s Account will be distributed by the Employer to the Participant in a lump sum payment within ninety (90) days following the determination of such Disability. 7.10 Mandatory Distribution Upon Death. In the event of the death of the Participant, then the Participant s Account will be distributed by the Employer to the Participant s Beneficiary in a lump sum payment within ninety (90) days following the Participant s death. 7.11 Distribution Upon Unforeseeable Emergency. If the Committee determines that a Participant has an Unforeseeable Emergency, then upon the written request of the Participant the Committee may direct the Employer to distribute to the Participant an amount that shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy such emergency need plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which the such emergency is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, or by liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship. 
 - 9 - 

 7.12 Adjustments to Accounts. At any time a Participant s entire Account is to be distributed hereunder, the Participant s Account shall be adjusted, as provided in Section 6.1 and Section 6.2, prior to the date of distribution and as near as administratively feasible to the date of distribution. ARTICLE VIII AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION The Board may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, amend, in whole or in part, any of the provisions of the Plan or may terminate it as a whole or with respect to any Participant or group of Participants; provided, however, no amendment or termination shall accelerate or postpone the time of any distributions hereunder except to the extent allowed under Code Section 409A. ARTICLE IX ADMINISTRATION 9.1 Committee . The Board will appoint, or delegate the appointment of, a Committee to administer the Plan. The Committee will act by a majority of its members except to the extent it has delegated responsibilities hereunder. The Committee will have the following powers, rights and duties in addition to those granted to it elsewhere in the Plan: (a) To adopt such rules of procedure and regulations as, in its opinion, may be necessary for the proper and efficient administration of the Plan and as are consistent with the provisions of the Plan. (b) To enforce the Plan in accordance with its terms and with such applicable rules and regulations as may be adopted. (c) To construe and interpret the Plan in the Committee s sole discretion, and to determine all questions arising under the Plan, including the power to determine the rights of Participants and their beneficiaries and the amount of their respective benefits. (d) To maintain and keep adequate records concerning the Plan and concerning its proceedings and acts in such form and detail as the Committee may decide. (e) To direct all payments of benefits under the Plan. 9.2 Delegation . In exercising its authority to control and manage the operation and administration of the Plan, the Committee may employ agents and counsel (who may also be employed by the Company) and delegate to them such powers as the Committee deems desirable. 9.3 Information to be Furnished . The Employer shall furnish the Committee or its delegates such data and information as may be required. The records of the Employer as to a Participant s Separation from Service, Compensation, Beneficiary designation and elections hereunder will be conclusive on all persons unless determined to be incorrect. 
 - 10 - 

 9.4 Committee s Decision Final . Any interpretation of the Plan and any decision on any matter within the discretion of the Committee made in good faith is binding on all persons. A misstatement or other mistake of fact shall be corrected when it becomes known, and the Committee shall make such adjustment on account thereof as it considers equitable and practicable. 9.5 Remuneration and Expenses . No remuneration shall be paid to any Committee member for services hereunder. All expenses of a Committee member incurred in the performance of the administration of the Plan shall be reimbursed by the Company. 9.6 Indemnification of Committee Member . The Committee and the individual members thereof shall be indemnified by the Company against any and all liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (including fees and expenses) of whatsoever kind and nature which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Committee or the members by reason of the performance of a Committee function if the Committee or such members did not act dishonestly or in willful or negligent violation of the law or regulations under which such liability, loss, cost or expense arises. 9.7 Resignation or Removal of Committee Member. A Committee member may resign at any time by giving ten (10) days advance written notice to the Company and the other Committee members. The Company may remove a Committee member by giving advance written notice to him or her, and the other Committee members. 9.8 Interested Committee Member. A member of the Committee may not decide or determine any matter or question concerning his or her own benefits under the Plan. ARTICLE X CLAIMS PROCEDURE This Article X applies to any person claiming a benefit other than a benefit relating to a Disability. Any claim for benefits under this Plan relating to a Disability shall be governed by separate claims procedures from those provided in Article X, which separate procedures shall be available upon request to the Committee. 10.1 Claim . Any person claiming a benefit, requesting an interpretation or ruling under the Plan, or requesting information under the Plan shall present the request in writing to the Committee which shall respond in writing as soon as practicable. 10.2 Denial of Claim . If the claim or request is denied, the written notice of denial shall be made within ninety (90) days of the date of receipt of such claim or request by the Committee and shall state: (a) The reason for denial, with specific reference to the Plan provisions on which the denial is based. (b) A description of any additional material or information required and an explanation of why it is necessary. (c) An explanation of the Plan s claim review procedure. 
 - 11 - 

 10.3 Review of Claim . Any person whose claim or request is denied or who has not received a response within ninety (90) days may request review by notice given in writing to the Committee within sixty (60) days of receiving a response or one hundred fifty (150) days from the date the claim was received by the Committee. The claim or request shall be reviewed by the Committee who may, but shall not be required to, grant the claimant a hearing. On review, the claimant may have representation, examine pertinent documents, and submit issues and comments in writing. 10.4 Final Decision . The decision on review shall normally be made within sixty (60) days after the Committee s receipt of a request for review. If an extension of time is required for a hearing or other special circumstances, the claimant shall be notified and the time limit shall be one hundred twenty (120) days after the Committee s receipt of a request for review. The decision shall be in writing and shall state the reasons and relevant plan provisions. All decisions on review shall be final and bind all parties concerned. ARTICLE XI MISCELLANEOUS 11.1 Captions . The captions of articles, sections, paragraphs and subparagraphs of this Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of its provisions. 11.2 Company Action . Except as may be specifically provided herein, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Company may be taken on behalf of the Company by any officer of the Company. 11.3 Terms . Where the context permits, words in the plural shall include the singular, and words in the singular shall include the plural. 11.4 Governing Law . Except to the extent governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the provisions of this Plan shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the state of Kansas. 11.5 Non-Assignability . Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, hypothecate or convey in advance of actual receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are, expressly hereby declared to be unassignable and nontransferable. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment, be subject to seizure or separation for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a Participant or any other person, nor be transferable by operation of law in the event of a Participant s or another person s bankruptcy or insolvency. 11.6 Tax Obligations. The Employer will withhold from that portion of the Participant s Compensation that is not being deferred, in a manner determined by the Employer, the Participant s share of FICA and other employment taxes on Deferrals. The Employer will withhold from any payments made to a Participant under the Plan all federal, state and local income, employment and other taxes required to be withheld by the Employer in connection with such payments, in amounts and in a manner to be determined in the sole discretion of the Employer. 
 - 12 - 

 11.7 Not a Contract of Employment. The terms and conditions of this Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any Employer and any Participant or any Eligible Employee. Such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an at will employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason, or no reason, with or without cause, and with or without notice, unless otherwise expressly provided in a written employment agreement. Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant the right to be retained in the service of any Employer or to interfere with the right of an Employer to discipline or discharge the Participant at any time. 11.8 Participant Cooperation . A Participant will cooperate by furnishing any and all information requested in order to facilitate the payment of benefits hereunder and such other action as may be requested by the Committee or the Company or the Employer. 11.9 Successors. The provisions of this Plan shall bind the Company, the Employer and their successors and assigns. The term successors as used herein shall include any corporate or other business entity which shall, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Company or the Employer, and successors of any such corporation or other business entity. 11.10 Unsecured General Creditor . Participants and their beneficiaries, heirs, successors, and assigns will have no secured interest or claim in any property or assets of any Related Company whether or not such assets are held in a trust that may be used for the purpose of paying benefits hereunder. For purposes of the Plan, any and all of any Related Company s assets shall be, and remain, the general, unpledged, assets of the Related Company. The Employer s obligation under the Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Employer to pay money in the future. No Employer shall have any obligation under this Plan with respect to individuals other than that Employer s employees. 11.11 Validity . In case any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal and invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 11.12 Waiver of Notice . Any notice required under the Plan may be waived by the person entitled to notice. 
 - 13 - 

 The Company hereby agrees to the provisions of this Plan, and, in witness thereof, the Company causes this Plan to be, executed on this 13th day of December, 2022. 

SEABOARD CORPORATION 

By: /s/ Robert L. Steer Robert L. Steer President 
 
 - 14 - 

 APPENDIX A PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS Seaboard Corporation, including Overseas Division (Domestic) Seaboard Foods LLC Seaboard Power Management Inc. Seaboard Overseas Management Company 
 - 15 - 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-10.13>
 3
 seb-20221231xex10d13.htm
 SEABOARD CORPORATION LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit 10.13 
 SEABOARD CORPORATION LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN Article I PURPOSE AND EFFECTIVE DATE 
 Seaboard Corporation (the Company hereby adopts the Seaboard Corporation Long-Term Incentive Plan (the Plan effective January 1, 2022 (the Effective Date ). The purpose of this Plan is to aid in attracting and retaining certain key employees of Seaboard Corporation and participating affiliated companies by providing to them an opportunity for supplemental retirement income. The Company intends for this Plan to be exempt from or comply with the final Treasury regulations issued under Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). The Company also intends, to the extent applicable for any key employees of any participating affiliated company whose compensation could be subject to Code Section 457A, for this Plan to be compliant with Code Section 457A. This Plan is intended to be an arrangement that is unfunded and maintained primarily for the purpose of providing supplemental retirement income to a select group of management or highly compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201(2), 301(a)(3) and 401(a)(1) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and this Plan is intended to satisfy the requirements of Code Section 409A and, if applicable, Code Section 457A, and this Plan shall be interpreted and administered accordingly. Article II DEFINITIONS 
 For purposes of this Plan, the following words and phrases shall have the meaning indicated, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise: 2.1 Account means the bookkeeping account maintained by the Committee for a Participant to which is credited one or more Awards, and which is increased or decreased based on Investment Return and to which is charged distributions, including Tax Distributions, but only as provided in Section 6.2, all as herein provided.
 2.2 Affiliate Company means any corporation or entity, as to which the Company or a Related Company owns, directly or indirectly, more than thirty percent (30 of the voting stock thereof, and which falls within the definition of a service reciptient under Treas. Regs 1.409A-1(h)(3).
 2.3 Award means the amount credited to an Eligible Employee s Account pursuant to Article IV.
 2.4 Award Grant Date means the date on which an Award is granted via a credit to an Eligible Employee s Account. Award Grant Dates will typically, but are not required to, occur during the first calendar quarter following the end of the immediately preceding Plan Year.
 2.5 Beneficiary means one or more persons, trusts, estates or other entities, designated by a Participant, in accordance with procedures established by the Committee, to receive any 

remaining balance in a Participant s Account upon the death of the Participant. If no designation by the Participant is effective, then the Participant s Beneficiary shall be the Participant s surviving spouse if any, but if none then the Participant s estate.
 2.6 Change of Control means an event or transaction described below; provided, however, an event or transaction described below will not be a Change of Control for purposes of a payment event under this Plan unless it constitutes a change in the ownership or effective control of the Company, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Company, within the meaning of Code Section 409A(a)(2)(A)(v):
 (a) The acquisition by any unrelated person or entity of more than fifty percent (50 of either the outstanding shares of common stock or the combined voting power of the Company s then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors; (b) The sale to an unrelated person or entity of Company assets that have a total gross fair market value of more than eighty-five percent (85 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such sale; (c) The acquisition, whether by reorganization, merger, consolidation, purchase or similar transaction, by any person or entity or more than one person or entity acting as a group of more than fifty percent (50 of the combined voting power entitled to vote generally in the election of directors of the Company or the entity in which the Company was reorganized, merged or consolidated into; or (d) The acquisition by any person or entity (other than by any descendant of Otto Bresky, Senior or any trust established primarily for the benefit of any descendant of Otto Bresky, Senior or any other related person or entity) of more than fifty percent (50 of either the membership interests or the combined voting power of Seaboard Flour, LLC at any time when Seaboard Flour, LLC owns fifty percent (50 or more of the Company. For purposes of determining whether there has been a Change of Control under this definition, the attribution of ownership rules under Code Section 318(a) shall apply. Also for purposes of determining whether there has been a Change of Control, Company for purposes of this definition only means, for all employees who are not employed by Seaboard Marine Ltd, Seaboard Corporation and any successors to the business of Seaboard Corporation, and, for employees of Seaboard Marine Ltd., shall mean Seaboard Marine Ltd. and any successors to the business of Seaboard Marine Ltd. 2.7 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any amendments thereto, and any regulations issued thereunder. 
 2.8 Committee means the Seaboard Corporation Retirement Committee which has responsibilities for overseeing the Company s qualified and non-qualified plans, and which also will be responsible for administering this Plan in accordance with Article VIII.

 2 

2.9 Company means, except as otherwise specifically noted in this Plan, Seaboard Corporation, a Delaware corporation, and any successors to the business of Seaboard Corporation. 
 2.10 Disability means the Participant is (i) unable to engage in any substantial gainful activity by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months; or (ii) by reason of any medically determinable physical or mental impairment which can be expected to result in death or can be expected to last for a continuous period of not less than twelve (12) months, receiving income replacement benefits for a period of not less than three (3) months under an accident and health plan sponsored by the Company, a Related Company or an Affiliate Company. 
 2.11 Eligible Employee means an Employee who is a member of a select group of management or highly compensated employees of an Employer.
 2.12 Employee means any individual who is a salaried employee of an Employer. 
 2.13 Employer means the Company or a Related Company that participates in this Plan with the consent of the Company. The Related Companies participating in this Plan as of the Effective Date are listed on Schedule A attached hereto.
 2.14 Investment Options means the investment options selected by the Committee from time to time among which a Participant may direct the investment of his or her Account in accordance with procedures established by the Committee.
 2.15 Investment Return means the amount of earnings, gains or losses applicable to the Participant s Account as measured by the Investment Option(s) applicable pursuant to the Participant s direction or as otherwise provided herein.
 2.16 Named Executive Officer means a named executive officer pursuant to Code Section 162(m).
 2.17 Participant means any Eligible Employee who is designated as eligible to participate in this Plan. Participant also means any individual that is no longer an Eligible Employee but for whom an Account is maintained hereunder, including a former Eligible Employee whose employment has moved to an Affiliate Company.
 2.18 Plan means the Seaboard Corporation Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan as set forth herein and as from time to time amended. 
 2.19 Plan Year means the twelve (12) month period beginning January 1 and ending December 31. 
 2.20 Related Company means any corporation which is a member of a controlled group of corporations (as defined in Code Section 414(b)) that includes the Company or any corporation or other entity with whom the Company is considered a single employer under Code Section 414(c).

 3 

2.21 Section 457A Participant means a Participant whose compensation is subject to Section 457A of the Code.
 2.22 Separation from Service means the Participant s termination of employment with the Company, which for purposes of this Section 2.22, the term Company includes any Related Company and any Affiliate Company. Whether a termination of employment has occurred shall be determined based on whether the facts and circumstances indicate the Participant and Company reasonably anticipate that no further services will be performed by the Participant for the Company; provided, however, a Participant shall be deemed to have a termination of employment if the level of services he or she would perform for the Company after a certain date permanently decreases to no more than twenty percent (20 of the average level of bona fide services performed for the Company (whether as an employee or independent contractor) over the immediately preceding thirty-six (36) month period (or the full period of services to the Company if the Participant has been providing services to the Company for less than 36 months). For this purpose, a Participant is not treated as having a Separation from Service while he or she is on a military leave, sick leave, or other bona fide leave of absence, if the period of such leave does not exceed six (6) months, or if longer, so long as the Participant has a right to reemployment with the Company under an applicable statute or by contract. 
 2.23 Tax Distribution means the amount of any tax distribution made to a Section 457A Participant pursuant to Section 6.2.
 2.24 Unforeseeable Emergency means an unanticipated emergency that is caused by an event beyond the control of the Participant that would result in severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from (i) a sudden and unexpected illness or accident of the Participant or a dependent of the Participant; (ii) a loss of the Participant s property due to casualty; or (iii) such other extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant, all as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee.
 2.25 Year of Service means a twelve (12) consecutive month period during which a Participant has been employed by the Company, a Related Company or an Affiliate. ARTICLE III PARTICIPATION 3.1 Participation in Plan. The Company s President will designate each Eligible Employee who will be a Participant in this Plan. Eligible Employees may receive Awards pursuant to the provisions of this Plan through the Plan Year in which the Eligible Employee attains 60 years of age, which date may be extended with respect to any Eligible Employee at the discretion of the Committee. The President shall have the right at any time to remove any Participant from being a Eligible Employee in this Plan or remove any Employee from being an Eligible Employee in this Plan. 
 3.2 Not a Contract of Employment. The terms and conditions of this Plan shall not be deemed to constitute a contract of employment between any employer and any Participant or any Eligible Employee. Any such employment is hereby acknowledged to be an at will employment relationship that can be terminated at any time for any reason, or no reason, with or 

 4 

without cause, and with or without notice, unless otherwise expressly provided in a written employment agreement. Nothing in this Plan shall be deemed to give a Participant the right to be retained in the service of any employer or to interfere with the right of an employer to discipline or discharge the Participant at any time.
 ARTICLE IV AWARDS AND INVESTMENT RETURN 4.1 Eligible Award Amounts. Each Eligible Employee will be eligible to receive an Award for each Plan Year in such amount as is determined by the Committee.
 4.2 Award Grants. Each Award shall be deemed granted as of the Award Grant Date. 
 4.3 Investment Return. Each Award granted to a Participant will be credited to the Participant s Account and will be deemed invested in the Investment Option(s) selected by the Participant from and after the Award Grant Date. The Investment Return will be credited (in the case of net earnings) or charged (in the case of net losses) to the Participant s Account on the last day of the end of each Plan Year, except as provided in Section 6.8 below.
 ARTICLE V VESTING 5.1 Vesting of Awards. Each Award held by a Participant, as increased or decreased by the Investment Return thereon, will vest in the Participant upon the later of : (a) The earliest to occur of: i The end of the third Plan Year, beginning with the Award Grant Date provided the Participant has not had a Separation from Service as of such date. For clarity, if an Award Grant Date is January 1, 2023, the Award and any Investment Return thereon will vest on December 31, 2025, provided the Participant has not had a Separation from Service as of such date; or ii The Participant attaining sixty (60) years of age [Note that any Awards granted on or after a Participant attains 60 years of age shall immediately vest on the Award Grant Date]; and (b) The Participant s completion of five (5) Years of Service beginning with the Plan Year in which he or she first received an Award under the Plan. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, in all events the Participant will vest in all Awards upon the first to occur of (x) the Participant s Disability as determined by the Committee if such Disability occurs while the Participant is an employee of the Company, a Related Company or an Affiliate Company; (y) the Participant s death while the Participant is an employee of the Company, a Related Company or an Affiliate Company; or a Change of Control. 
 5 

5.2 Forfeitures. Any Award held by a Participant, as increased or decreased by the Investment Return thereon, which does not vest pursuant to or in connection with the provisions of Section 5.1 will be forfeited. ARTICLE VI DISTRIBUTIONS 6.1 Mandatory Distribution of Amounts Vested Upon Separation from Service. In the event a Participant has a Separation from Service, the amount of the Participant s Account that has become vested pursuant to Section 5.1will be distributed by the Employer to the Participant in a lump sum payment as follows, unless the Participant s Account is to be distributed earlier under another provision of this Article VI: (a) if the Participant is not a Section 457A Participant, during the seventh month following the month in which such Separation from Service occurs, and (b) if the Participant is a Section 457A Participant, as soon as practicable after such Separation of Service. 6.2 Mandatory Tax Distributions with respect to Section 457A Participants. (a) To the extent a Section 457A Participant must recognize U.S. federal income for income tax purposes with respect to the amount of such Section 457A Participant s Account which has vested, the Company shall make a distribution (a Tax Distribution to such Participant in an amount equal to the Employer s estimate of the U.S. federal income tax such Participant will pay on account of such income being recognized. (b) The Account of the Section 457A Participant receiving one or more Tax Distributions shall not be reduced by the amount of the Tax Distribution(s) at the time the Tax Distribution is made, but instead will be reduced by the aggregate amount of all Tax Distributions to such Participant at the time the Participant s Account is being distributed to such Participant pursuant to the provisions of this Article VI. 6.3 Mandatory Distribution Upon Change of Control. In the event there is a Change of Control, the Participant s Account will be distributed by the Employer to the Participant in a lump sum payment within ninety (90) days following the occurrence of the Change of Control, unless the Participant s Account is to be distributed earlier under another provision of this Article VI. 6.4 Mandatory Distribution Upon Disability. In the event of the Disability of a Participant, the Participant s Account will be distributed by the Employer to the Participant in a lump sum payment within ninety (90) days following the determination of such Disability, unless the Participant s Account is to be distributed earlier under another provision of this Article VI. 6.5 Mandatory Distribution Upon Death. In the event of the death of the Participant, then the Participant s Account will be distributed by the Employer to the Participant s Beneficiary in a lump sum payment within ninety (90) days following the Participant s death. 
 6 

6.6 162(m) Payment Delay. Notwithstanding the mandatory distribution provisions of Sections 6.1 through 6, any amount eligible to be paid under any of these sections may be delayed to the extent the Employer reasonably anticipates that if the payment were made as scheduled, the Employer s deduction with respect to such payment would not be permitted due to the application of Code section 162(m), provided that the payment is made either during the Employer s first taxable year in which the service recipient reasonably anticipates, or should reasonably anticipate, that if the payment is made during such year, the deduction of such payment will not be barred by application of Code section 162(m) or during the period beginning with the date of the Participant s Separation from Service and ending on the later of the last day of the taxable year of the Employer in which the Participant Separates from Service or the 15th day of the third month following the Participant s Separation from Service, and provided further that where any scheduled payment to a Participant in the Employer s taxable year is delayed in accordance with this Section 7, the delay in payment will be treated as a subsequent deferral election unless all scheduled payments to that Participant that could be delayed in accordance with this Section (or pursuant to any other nonqualified deferred compensation plan maintained by the Employer) are also delayed. Where the payment is delayed to a date on or after the Participant s Separation from Service, the payment will be considered a payment upon a Separation from Service for purposes of the rules under 1.409A-3(i)(2) (payments to specified employees upon a Separation from Service) and, in the case of a specified employee, the date that is six months after the Participant s Separation from Service is substituted for any reference to a Participant s Separation from Service in the first sentence of this paragraph. No election may be provided to the Participant with respect to the timing of the payment under this Section 7 (or under any other nonqualified deferred compensation plan maintained by the Employer). In no event may a payment otherwise owed under this Plan be paid later than the thirtieth (30 th day following the sixth anniversary of the Participant s Separation from Service (regardless of such payment s nondeducibility). 6.7 Distribution Upon Unforeseeable Emergency. If the Committee determines that a Participant has an Unforeseeable Emergency, then upon the written request of the Participant the Committee may direct the Employer to distribute to the Participant a portion of the vested amount of the Account Balance that shall not exceed the amount necessary to satisfy such emergency need plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such emergency is or may be relieved through reimbursement or compensation by insurance or otherwise, or by liquidation of the Participant s assets, to the extent the liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship. 6.8 Adjustments to Accounts. At any time a Participant s Account (or portion thereof) is to be distributed hereunder with respect to any distribution other than a Tax Distribution pursuant to Section 6.2(a), the Participant s Account shall be adjusted for the Investment Return, as provided in Section 4.3, prior to the date of distribution and as near as administratively feasible to the date of distribution. ARTICLE VII AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION The Committee may, in its sole discretion, at any time and from time to time, amend, in whole or in part, any of the provisions of this Plan or may terminate it as a whole or with respect 
 7 

to any Participant or group of Participants; provided, however, no amendment or termination shall accelerate or postpone the time of any distributions hereunder except to the extent allowed under Code Section 409A and, if applicable, Code Section 457A. ARTICLE VIII ADMINISTRATION 8.1 Committee . The Committee will act by a majority of its members except to the extent it has delegated responsibilities hereunder. The Committee will have the following powers, rights and duties in addition to those granted to it elsewhere in this Plan: (a) To adopt such rules of procedure and regulations as, in its opinion, may be necessary for the proper and efficient administration of this Plan and as are consistent with the provisions of this Plan. (b) To enforce this Plan in accordance with its terms and with such applicable rules and regulations as may be adopted. (c) To construe and interpret this Plan in the Committee s sole discretion, and to determine all questions arising under this Plan, including the power to determine the rights of Participants and their beneficiaries and the amount of their respective benefits. (d) To maintain and keep adequate records concerning this Plan and concerning its proceedings and acts in such form and detail as the Committee may decide. (e) To direct all payments of benefits under this Plan. 8.2 Delegation . In exercising its authority to control and manage the operation and administration of this Plan, the Committee may employ agents and counsel (who may also be employed by the Company) and delegate to them such powers as the Committee deems desirable. 8.3 Information to be Furnished . The employer shall furnish the Committee or its delegates such data and information as may be required. The records of the employer as to a Participant s Separation from Service, Compensation, Beneficiary designation and elections hereunder will be conclusive on all persons unless determined to be incorrect. 8.4 Committee s Decision Final . Any interpretation of this Plan and any decision on any matter within the discretion of the Committee made in good faith is binding on all persons. A misstatement or other mistake of fact shall be corrected when it becomes known, and the Committee shall make such adjustment on account thereof as it considers equitable and practicable. 8.5 Remuneration and Expenses . No remuneration shall be paid to any Committee member for services hereunder. All expenses of a Committee member incurred in the performance of the administration of this Plan shall be reimbursed by the Company. 
 8 

8.6 Indemnification of Committee Member . The Committee and the individual members thereof shall be indemnified by the Company against any and all liabilities, losses, costs, and expenses (including fees and expenses) of whatsoever kind and nature which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against the Committee or the members by reason of the performance of a Committee function if the Committee or such members did not act dishonestly or in willful or negligent violation of the law or regulations under which such liability, loss, cost or expense arises. 8.7 Resignation or Removal of Committee Member . A Committee member may resign at any time by giving ten (10) days advance written notice to the Company and the other Committee members. The Company may remove a Committee member by giving advance written notice to him or her, and the other Committee members. 8.8 Interested Committee Member . A member of the Committee may not decide or determine any matter or question concerning his or her own benefits under this Plan. ARTICLE IX CLAIMS PROCEDURE This Article IX applies to any person claiming a benefit other than a benefit relating to a Disability. Any claim for benefits under this Plan relating to a Disability shall be governed by separate claims procedures from those provided in Article IX, which separate procedures shall be available upon request to the Committee. 9.1 Claim . Any person claiming a benefit, requesting an interpretation or ruling under this Plan, or requesting information under this Plan shall present the request in writing to the Committee which shall respond in writing as soon as practicable. 9.2 Denial of Claim . If the claim or request is denied, the written notice of denial shall be made within ninety (90) days of the date of receipt of such claim or request by the Committee and shall state: (a) The reason for denial, with specific reference to the Plan provisions on which the denial is based. (b) A description of any additional material or information required and an explanation of why it is necessary. (c) An explanation of this Plan s claim review procedure. 9.3 Review of Claim . Any person whose claim or request is denied or who has not received a response within ninety (90) days may request review by notice given in writing to the Committee within sixty (60) days of receiving a response or one hundred fifty (150) days from the date the claim was received by the Committee. The claim or request shall be reviewed by the Committee who may, but shall not be required to, grant the claimant a hearing. On review, the claimant may have representation, examine pertinent documents, and submit issues and comments in writing. 
 9 

9.4 Final Decision . The decision on review shall normally be made within sixty (60) days after the Committee s receipt of a request for review. If an extension of time is required for a hearing or other special circumstances, the claimant shall be notified and the time limit shall be one hundred twenty (120) days after the Committee s receipt of a request for review. The decision shall be in writing and shall state the reasons and relevant plan provisions. All decisions on review shall be final and bind all parties concerned. ARTICLE X MISCELLANEOUS 10.1 Captions . The captions of articles, sections, paragraphs and subparagraphs of this Plan are for convenience only and shall not control or affect the meaning or construction of any of its provisions. 10.2 Company Action . Except as may be specifically provided herein, any action required or permitted to be taken by the Company may be taken on behalf of the Company by any officer of the Company. 10.3 Terms . Where the context permits, words in the plural shall include the singular, and words in the singular shall include the plural. 10.4 Governing Law . Except to the extent governed by the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the provisions of this Plan shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the state of Kansas. 10.5 Non-Assignability . Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, hypothecate or convey in advance of actual receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are, expressly hereby declared to be unassignable and nontransferable. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment, be subject to seizure or separation for the payment of any debts, judgments, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a Participant or any other person, nor be transferable by operation of law in the event of a Participant s or another person s bankruptcy or insolvency. 10.6 Tax Obligations. The Employer will withhold from any payments made to a Participant under this Plan all federal, state and local income, employment and other taxes required to be withheld by the Employer in connection with such payments, in amounts and in a manner to be determined in the sole discretion of the Employer. 10.7 Participant Cooperation . A Participant will cooperate by furnishing any and all information requested in order to facilitate the payment of benefits hereunder and such other action as may be requested by the Committee, the Company, a Related Company or an Affiliate Company. 10.8 Successors . The provisions of this Plan shall bind the Employer and their successors and assigns. The term successors as used herein shall include any corporate or other business entity which shall, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise acquire all 
 10 

or substantially all of the business and assets of any Employer, and successors of any such corporations or other business entities. 10.9 Unsecured General Creditor . Participants and their beneficiaries, heirs, successors, and assigns will have no secured interest or claim in any property or assets of any Related Company whether or not such assets are held in a trust that may be used for the purpose of paying benefits hereunder. For purposes of this Plan, any and all of any Related Company s assets shall be, and remain, the general, unpledged, assets of the Related Company. The Employers obligation under this Plan shall be merely that of an unfunded and unsecured promise of the Employer to pay money in the future. No Employer shall have any obligation under this Plan with respect to individuals other than that Employer s employees. 10.10 Validity . In case any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal and invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 10.11 Waiver of Notice . Any notice required under this Plan may be waived by the person entitled to notice. 
 11 

The Company hereby agrees to the provisions of this Plan, and, in witness thereof, the Company causes this Plan to be, executed as of this 13 th day of December, 2022. 

SEABOARD CORPORATION By: /s/ Robert L. Steer Robert L. Steer President 
 
 12 

APPENDIX A PARTICIPATING EMPLOYERS Seaboard Corporation Seaboard Foods LLC Seaboard Energy, LLC Seaboard Marine Ltd. Jacintoport International, LLC Seaboard Overseas Management Company 
 13 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.14>
 4
 seb-20221231xex10d14.htm
 SEABOARD CORPORATION 401(K) EXCESS PLAN

Exhibit 10.14 
 SEABOARD CORPORATION 401(K) EXCESS PLAN ARTICLE I ESTABLISHMENT OF PLAN Seaboard Corporation hereby establishes the Seaboard Corporation Excess Plan (the Plan ), on this 13th day of December, 2022, effective for the Year beginning January 1, 2022. ARTICLE II DEFINITIONS The following definitions shall apply for purposes of this Plan: Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as from time to time amended. Company means Seaboard Corporation, a Delaware corporation. Eligible Employee means, with respect to any Year, an employee of the Company or of a Subsidiary who has completed one year of service as defined for purposes of eligibility for a matching contribution under the 401(k) Plan, and who has received compensation for such Year that is not included as compensation under the 401(k) Plan solely on account of the limitation on the amount of compensation that can be taken into account under the 401(k) Plan for such Year under Section 40I(a)(17) of the Code. 401(k) Plan means the Retirement Savings Plan for Seaboard Corporation, as amended from time to time. Match Percentage means the matching contribution percentage being made by the Company pursuant to Questions 12.c. and 28 of the 401(k) Plan, as of the date the Supplemental Amount is being paid. Plan means this Seaboard Corporation 401(k) Excess Plan, as set forth herein and as amended from time to time. Subsidiary means any wholly-owned United States subsidiary of the Company other than Seaboard Marine Ltd. Supplemental Amount means an amount expressed in terms of dollars equal to the Match Percentage of the amount, if any, of the Eligible Employee s compensation received for the Year that is not included as compensation under the 401(k) Plan solely on account of the limitation on the amount of compensation that can be taken into account under the 401(k) Plan for such Year under Section 401(a)(17) of the Code (but only to the extent such excess compensation amount is paid to the Eligible Employee after becoming an Eligible Employee hereunder). 

Year means a 12-month period beginning each January 1 and ending each succeeding December 31. ARTICLE III BENEFIT Except as otherwise provided herein, the Company will pay in cash to each Eligible Employee with respect to each Year an amount equal to the Supplemental Amount. The Supplemental Amount will not be paid to any person who does not continue to be employed by the Company or a Subsidiary as of the last day of the Year. ARTICLE IV ADMINISTRATION This Plan shall be interpreted, construed and administered by the Company in its sole and absolute discretion, and all decisions and determinations of the Company hereunder shall be binding upon all Eligible Employees and their successors and assigns. ARTICLE V NO EMPLOYMENT RIGHTS The adoption of this Plan does not give any person any right to be retained in the employ of the Company, and no rights granted under the Plan shall be construed as creating a contract of employment. The right and power of the Company to dismiss or discharge any person is expressly reserved. ARTICLE VI AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION The Company can amend or terminate the Plan at any time in its sole discretion. ARTICLE VII GOVERNING LAW The provisions of this Plan shall be governed, construed, enforced and administered in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas. ARTICLE VIII HEADINGS The headings have been inserted for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of the Plan. 
 2 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company has caused this Plan to be executed by its duly authorized officer. 

SEABOARD CORPORATION By: /s/ Robert L. Steer Robert L. Steer President 

Attest: /s/ David M. Becker Title: Secretary 
 
 3 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21>
 5
 seb-20221231xex21.htm
 LIST OF SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 21 

SUBSIDIARIES NAMES UNDER STATE OR OTHER OF THE WHICH SUBSIDIARIES JURISDICTION REGISTRANT DO BUSINESS OF INCORPORATION African HHB Limited Same Liberia African HHB Shipping Limited Same Bahamas African Jacaranda Shipping Ltd. Same Liberia African Joseph R Shipping Ltd. Same Liberia African Juniper Shipping Ltd. Same Liberia African Kalmia Limited Same Liberia African Kalmia Shipping Limited Same Bahamas African Lily Limited Same Liberia African Lily Shipping Limited Same Bahamas African Magnolia Limited Same Liberia African Magnolia Shipping Limited Same Bahamas African Ship Holdings Limited Same Bahamas Agencia Maritima del Istmo, S.R.L. Same Costa Rica Agencias Generales Conaven, C.A. Conaven Venezuela Almacenajes del Istmo, S.A. Same Panama BB Kansas Holdings, Inc. Same Kansas Beira Grain Terminal, S.A. Same Mozambique Borisniak Corp. Same Panama Cape Fear Railways, Inc. Same North Carolina Caravel Holdings LLC Same Delaware Carolina Food Ingredients, S. de R.L. de C.V. Same Mexico Cayman Freight Shipping Services, Ltd. Same Cayman Islands Chestnut Hill Farms Honduras, S. de R.L. de C.V. Same Honduras Compania Inversora de Salta, S.A. Same Argentina CONEMY Holding Company, Ltd. Same Bermuda Corporacion Alto Valle, S.A.S. ALVASA Dominican Republic Daily s Holding Company, Inc. Same Delaware Dalian Sino Fortune Trading Co., Ltd. Same China Eurafrique S.A.M. Same Monaco Fill-More Seeds Inc. Same Saskatchewan Flour Mills of Ghana Limited Same Ghana Ghana Holdings Limited Same Bermuda Guyana Rice Holdings Limited Same Bahamas H and O Shipping Limited 1 Same Liberia High Plains Transport LLC Same Oklahoma I.A.G. (Zambia) Limited Same Zambia InterAfrica Grains (Proprietary) Ltd. Same Republic of South Africa InterAfrica Grains Ltd. Same Bermuda Inversiones Cuenca, Ltda. de C.V. Same El Salvador 

SUBSIDIARIES NAMES UNDER STATE OR OTHER OF THE WHICH SUBSIDIARIES JURISDICTION REGISTRANT DO BUSINESS OF INCORPORATION Inversiones y Servicios Diversos, S.A. INVERSA Guatemala Jacintoport International LLC Same Texas JP LP, LLC Same Delaware Les Grands Moulins d Abidjan S.A. Same Ivory Coast Les Grands Moulins de Dakar S.A. Same Senegal Les Grands Moulins de Pointe-Noire GMPN Republic of Congo Les Moulins de Madagascar, S.A.R.L. Same Madagascar Maple Creek Farms, LLC Same Kansas Merriam Financial Services, Ltd. Same Bermuda Merriam International Finance, S.L.U. Same Spain Mission Funding L.L.C. Same Delaware Mission Insurance Corporation Same Oklahoma Mobeira, SARL Same Mozambique Molinos Champion, S.A. MOCHASA Ecuador Mount Dora Farms de Honduras, S.R.L. Same Honduras Mount Dora Farms Inc. Same Florida National Feed Company Limited Same Zambia National Milling Company of Guyana, Inc. NAMILCO Guyana National Milling Corporation Limited Same Zambia Paramount Holdings Ltd. Same Bermuda Paramount Mills (Pty) Ltd. Same Republic of South Africa Pativoire S.A. Same Ivory Coast Prize Milling (PTY) Ltd. Same Republic of South Africa PS International Canada Corp. Same Nova Scotia PS International, LLC Same Delaware PS International S.A. Same Argentina PSI Canada Holdings, LLC Same Delaware PSI Global Exports, Inc. Same Delaware PSI Guyana Inc. Same Guyana RCF 5 2 Holdings, LLC Same Delaware Refined Coal Holdings LLC Same Kansas Refined Coal Holdings 2 LLC Same Kansas Representaciones Maritimas y Aereas S.A. REMARSA Guatemala S.B.D. LLC Same Delaware SB Cayman Holdings Ltd. Same Cayman Islands SB Power Solutions Inc. Same Delaware SBD Power Holdings Ltd. Same Cayman Islands Sea Hawk, Inc. Same Kansas Sea Cargo, S.A. Same Panama Seaboard Atlantic Ltd. Same Liberia 

SUBSIDIARIES NAMES UNDER STATE OR OTHER OF THE WHICH SUBSIDIARIES JURISDICTION REGISTRANT DO BUSINESS OF INCORPORATION Seaboard Botswana Holdings Limited Same Bahamas Seaboard Brazil Holdings Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Bulk Services, Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Colombia, Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard de Colombia, S.A. Same Colombia Seaboard de Nicaragua, S.A. Same Nicaragua Seaboard Energias Renovables y Alimentos S.R.L. Same Argentina Seaboard Energy California, LLC Same Delaware Seaboard Energy Kansas, LLC Same Kansas Seaboard Energy Marketing, Inc. Same Oklahoma Seaboard Energy Missouri, LLC Same Missouri Seaboard Energy Oklahoma, LLC Same Oklahoma Seaboard Energy Renewables, LLC Same Delaware Seaboard Energy, LLC Same Delaware Seaboard Explorer Ltd. Same Liberia Seaboard Foods LLC Same Oklahoma Seaboard Foods Holdings, LLC Same Delaware Seaboard Foods of Iowa, LLC Same Delaware Seaboard Foods of Missouri, Inc. Same Missouri Seaboard Foods Services Inc. Same Kansas Seaboard Freight Shipping Jamaica Limited Same Jamaica Seaboard GPN Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Grain of Iowa, LLC Same Iowa Seaboard Guyana Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Holdings Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Holdings Ltd. Same British Virgin Islands Seaboard Honduras S. De R.L. de C.V. Same Honduras Seaboard International Holdings Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Kansas Holdings, Inc. Same Kansas Seaboard Latin America Holdings, Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Logistics, LLC Same Kansas Seaboard Marine (Trinidad) Limited Same Trinidad Seaboard Marine Bahamas, Ltd. Same Bahamas Seaboard Marine Ltd. 2 Same Liberia Seaboard Marine of Haiti S.A. Same Haiti Seaboard Marine of Florida, Inc. Same Florida Seaboard MOZ Limited Same Bermuda Seaboard Overseas (IOM) Ltd. Same Isle of Man Seaboard Overseas (Kenya) Limited Same Kenya Seaboard Overseas Colombia Ltda. Same Colombia 

SUBSIDIARIES NAMES UNDER STATE OR OTHER OF THE WHICH SUBSIDIARIES JURISDICTION REGISTRANT DO BUSINESS OF INCORPORATION Seaboard Overseas Limited Same Isle of Man Seaboard Overseas Management Company, Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Overseas Peru S.A. Same Peru Seaboard Overseas Singapore Pte. Ltd. Same Singapore Seaboard Overseas Trading and Shipping (Proprietary) Limited Same Republic of South Africa Seaboard Patriot Ltd. Same Liberia Seaboard Pioneer Ltd. Same Liberia Seaboard Power Management Inc. Same Florida Seaboard Pride Ltd. Same Liberia Seaboard Solutions de Honduras S.R.L. Same Honduras Seaboard Solutions, Inc. Same Delaware Seaboard Solutions of Haiti S.A. Same Haiti Seaboard Special Crops India Private Limited Same India Seaboard Sun Ltd. Same Liberia Seaboard Transport Canada, Inc. Same Delaware Seaboard Transport LLC Same Oklahoma Seaboard Uruguay Holdings Limited Same Bahamas Seaboard Venture Limited Same Bermuda Seaboard Victory Ltd. Same Cayman Islands Seaboard Voyager Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Zambia Ltd. Same Bermuda Seaboard Zambia Milling Holdings Ltd. Same Bahamas SEADOM, S.A.S. Same Dominican Republic SeaFin Holdings Limited Same Bermuda SeaMaritima, S.A. de C.V. Same Mexico SeaRice Caribbean Inc. Same Guyana SeaRice Guyana, Inc. Same Guyana SeaRice Limited Same Bermuda Secuador Limited Same Bermuda SEEPC (Nigeria) Ltd. Same Nigeria Sermarin Servicios Maritimos Intermodales, C.A. Same Venezuela Shawnee Funding, Limited Partnership Same Delaware Shawnee GP LLC Same Delaware Shawnee Leasing LLC Same Oklahoma Shawnee LP LLC Same Delaware Shilton Limited Same Cayman Islands Showlands Investments (Pty) Ltd. Same Republic of South Africa Societe Mediterraneenne de Transports SOMETRA Monaco SSI Ocean Services, Inc. Same Florida STI Holdings Inc. Same Oklahoma 

SUBSIDIARIES NAMES UNDER STATE OR OTHER OF THE WHICH SUBSIDIARIES JURISDICTION REGISTRANT DO BUSINESS OF INCORPORATION Sunglo Limited Same Bermuda TFL Life Foods Limited Same Nigeria Transcontinental Capital Corp. (Bermuda) Ltd. TCCB Bermuda United African Grain (IOM) Limited Same Isle of Man United African Grain Limited Same Zambia United African Grain Ltd. Same Bermuda Vinprom Carib Holdings Limited Same St. Lucia Vinprom Holdings, LLC Same Delaware 
 
 1 Owns twelve foreign ship holding company subsidiaries 2 Owns six foreign ship holding company subsidiaries 

</EX-21>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 seb-20221231xex31d1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIF ICATIONS I, Robert L. Steer, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Seaboard Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 14, 2023 /s/ Robert L. Steer Robert L. Steer President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 seb-20221231xex31d2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATIONS I, David H. Rankin, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Seaboard Corporation; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 
 Date: February 14, 2023 /s/ David H. Rankin David H. Rankin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 seb-20221231xex32d1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the filing of the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) by Seaboard Corporation (the Company), the undersigned, as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 
 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: February 14, 2023 /s/ Robert L. Steer Robert L. Steer President and Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 seb-20221231xex32d2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the filing of the annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report) by Seaboard Corporation (the Company), the undersigned, as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

5 

Date: February 14, 2023 /s/ David H. Rankin David H. Rankin Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 seb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 seb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 15
 seb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 16
 seb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

