<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230217_10-K_edgar_data_1121484_0001121484-23-000008.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13884567</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>983477</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2246248</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5056889</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2779406</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2566214</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001121484-23-000008.hdr.sgml : 20230217
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230217172445
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001121484-23-000008
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230217

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001121484
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL & GAS FILED MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3533]
		IRS NUMBER:				760476605
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16337
		FILM NUMBER:		23644125

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE ALLEN CENTER
		STREET 2:		333 CLAY STREET, SUITE 4620
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-652-0582

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE ALLEN CENTER
		STREET 2:		333 CLAY STREET, SUITE 4620
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77002

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000808

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001121484-23-000008.txt : 20230217

10-K
 1
 ois-20221231.htm
 10-K

ois-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________ 
 
 Form 
 ____________________ 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 
 Commission file no. 
 
 . 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 
 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code is ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Exchange on Which Registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files.) No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Yes No 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by an of the registrant's executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common stock of the registrant held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 
 
 As of February 10, 2023, the number of shares of common stock outstanding was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Item 1. Business 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 15 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 28 
 Item 2. Properties 28 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 28 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 28 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 29 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 30 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 45 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 45 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 45 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 45 
 Item 9B. Other Information 46 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 47 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 47 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 47 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 47 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 47 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 48 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 50 
 SIGNATURES 51 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 52 
 
 -2- 

PART I 
 
 C autionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K and other statements we make contain certain "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 (the "Securities Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act"). Actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of a number of important factors, including incorrect or changed assumptions. For a discussion of known material factors that could affect our results, please refer to "Part I, Item 1. Business," "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors," "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and "Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk" below. 
 You can typically identify "forward-looking statements" by the use of forward-looking words such as "may," "will," "could," "project," "believe," "anticipate," "expect," "estimate," "potential," "plan," "forecast," "proposed," "should," "seek," and other similar words. Such statements may relate to our future financial position, budgets, capital expenditures, projected costs, plans and objectives of management for future operations and possible future strategic transactions. Actual results frequently differ from assumed facts and such differences can be material, depending upon the circumstances. 
 While we believe we are providing forward-looking statements expressed in good faith and on a reasonable basis, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ from such forward-looking statements. The following are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of, us: 
 the impact of the ongoing military action between Russia and Ukraine, that began in February 2022, including, but not limited to, energy market disruptions, supply chain disruptions and increased costs, government sanctions, and delays or potential cancellation of planned customer projects; 
 the ability and willingness of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ("OPEC") and other producing nations to set and maintain oil production levels and pricing; 
 the level of supply of and demand for oil and natural gas; 
 fluctuations in the current and future prices of oil and natural gas; 
 the level of exploration, drilling and completion activity; 
 the cyclical nature of the oil and natural gas industry; 
 the level of offshore oil and natural gas developmental activities; 
 the financial health of our customers; 
 the ongoing impact of the Coronavirus Disease 2019 ("COVID-19") pandemic; 
 the impact of environmental matters, including executive actions and regulatory or legislative efforts to adopt environmental or climate change regulations that may result in increased operating costs or reduced oil and natural gas production or demand globally; 
 proposed new rules by the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related information and risks; 
 political, economic and litigation efforts to restrict or eliminate certain oil and natural gas exploration, development and production activities due to concerns over the threat of climate change; 
 the availability of and access to attractive oil and natural gas field prospects, which may be affected by governmental actions or actions of other parties restricting drilling and completion activities; 
 general global economic conditions; 
 global weather conditions and natural disasters, including hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico; 
 changes in tax laws and regulations; 
 supply chain disruptions; 
 the impact of tariffs and duties on imported materials and exported finished goods; 
 our ability to timely obtain and maintain critical permits for operating facilities; 
 our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel; 
 negative outcome of litigation, threatened litigation or government proceedings; 
 our ability to develop new competitive technologies and products; 
 inflation, including our ability to increase prices to our customers as our costs increase; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 
 -3- 

physical, digital, cyber, internal and external security breaches and other incidents affecting information security and data privacy; 
 the cost of capital in the bank and capital markets and our ability to access them; 
 our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to complete the integration of acquired businesses and achieve the expected accretion in earnings; and 
 the other factors identified in "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors". 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the assumptions on which our forward-looking statements are based prove incorrect or change, actual results may differ materially from those expected, estimated or projected. In addition, the factors identified above may not necessarily be all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by us, or on our behalf. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no responsibility to publicly release the result of any revision of our forward-looking statements after the date they are made. 
 In addition, in certain places in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we refer to information and reports published by third parties that purport to describe trends or developments in the energy industry. We do so for the convenience of our stockholders and in an effort to provide information available in the market that will assist our investors in better understanding the market environment in which we operate. However, we specifically disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of such information and undertake no obligation to update such information. 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 Our Company 
 Oil States International, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is a global provider of manufactured products and services to the energy, industrial and military sectors. Our manufactured products include highly engineered capital equipment as well as products consumed in the drilling, well construction and production of oil and natural gas. Oil States is headquartered in Houston, Texas with manufacturing and service facilities strategically located across the globe. Our customers include many national oil and natural gas companies, major and independent oil and natural gas companies, onshore and offshore drilling companies and other oilfield service, defense and industrial companies. We operate through three business segments Offshore/Manufactured Products, Well Site Services and Downhole Technologies and maintain a leadership position with certain of our product and service offerings in each segment. In this Annual Report on Form 10 K, references to the "Company" or "Oil States," or to "we," "us," "our," and similar terms are to Oil States International, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Available Information 
 Our website can be found at www.oilstatesintl.com . We make available, free of charge through our website, our Annual Report on Form 10 K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10 Q, Current Reports on Form 8 K, our proxy statement, our Registration Statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5 filed on behalf of directors and executive officers, and amendments to these reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish such material to, the SEC. We are not including the information contained on our website or any other website as a part of, or incorporating it by reference into, this Annual Report on Form 10 K or any other filing we make with the SEC. The filings are also available through the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . Our Board of Directors (the "Board") has documented its governance practices by adopting several corporate governance policies. These governance policies, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, Corporate Code of Business Conduct, Financial Code of Ethics for Senior Officers, Supplier Code of Conduct and Human Rights, as well as the charters for the committees of the Board (Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee) may also be viewed on our website. The financial code of ethics applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and other senior officers. Copies of such documents will be provided to stockholders without charge upon written request to the corporate secretary at the address shown on the cover page of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 Our Business Strategy 
 We have historically grown our product and service offerings organically, through capital spending, and strategic acquisitions. Our investments are focused in areas where we expect to be able to expand market share through our new and existing technology offerings and where we believe we can achieve an attractive return on our investment. As part of our long-term strategy, we continue to review business expansion, make complementary acquisitions, invest in research and development and fund organic capital expenditures to enhance our cash flows, leverage our cost structure and increase our stockholders' 
 -4- 

returns. For additional discussion of our business strategy, please read "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 Recent Developments 
 Demand for most of our products and services has increased from the lows experienced in 2020 due to the waning impact of the global response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which had adversely affected energy demand and prices. Increased capital investments by our customers, together with internal cost reduction and strict capital discipline measures and other corporate actions, have resulted in improvements in our consolidated operating results as shown below (in thousands). 
 Year ended December 31, Year-over-Year Change 2022 2021 2020 2022 vs 2021 2021 vs 2020 Revenues 737,706 573,161 638,075 164,545 (64,914) Operating income (loss) 2,905 (64,792) (534,340) 67,697 469,548 
 This reported growth has been tempered by the willingness of operators to invest in U.S. land-based drilling, completion and production activities given regulatory and market pressures around environmental, social and governance ("ESG") considerations as well as labor and supply chain constraints. 
 In January 2022, our Well Site Services segment exited various underperforming domestic service lines, which had generated revenues of approximately 20 million in 2021. The exit of these service lines improved our segment margins for 2022 despite tempering our reported revenue growth. 
 In March 2022, we recorded bad debt expense of 0.8 million related to receivables from Russia-based customers of the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment following the onset of military actions between Russia and Ukraine. As of March 31 and December 31, 2022, we had no remaining material balance sheet exposure related to Russia. 
 In April 2022, our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment acquired E-Flow Control Holdings Limited ("E-Flow"), a global provider of fully integrated handling, control, monitoring and instrumentation solutions. E-Flow, founded in 1988, provides a broad range of engineering, design, manufacturing, installation and commissioning services to its customers in the energy industry. The purchase price of 8.1 million (net of cash acquired) was funded with cash on-hand. 
 In July 2022, we paid the seller ("GEO Seller") of GEODynamics, Inc. ("GEODynamics") 10.0 million in cash and issued approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock (having a market value of 10.3 million) to fully settle our disputes, including 19.7 million in principal and accrued interest due under a promissory note to the GEO Seller (the "GEO Note"). 
 In August 2022, our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment settled outstanding litigation against certain service providers in exchange for the receipt of cash totaling 6.9 million. We recognized a gain of 6.1 million in connection with this settlement. 
 Our Industry 
 We provide a broad range of products and services to our customers through each of our business segments. See Note 13, "Segments and Related Information," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K for financial information by segment along with a geographical breakout of revenues and long-lived assets for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. Demand for our products and services is cyclical and substantially dependent upon activity levels in the oil and natural gas industry, particularly upon the willingness of our customers to invest capital in the exploration for and development of crude oil and natural gas reserves. Our customers' capital spending programs are generally based on their outlook for near-term and long-term commodity prices, economic growth, commodity demand and estimates of resource production as well as regulatory and market pressures around ESG considerations. As a result, demand for our products and services is largely sensitive to expectations regarding future crude oil and natural gas prices. 
 Our historical financial results reflect the cyclical nature of the oilfield services industry witnessed by periods of increasing and decreasing activity in each of our operating segments. In recent years, the global response to the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affected the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that led to a material reduction in the level of capital spending by oil and gas companies for exploration and production activities. As a result, capital investment by our customers declined, which affected demand for and pricing of our products and services. As discussed previously, we saw significant growth and recovery during 2021 and 2022. We expect activity to improve further in 2023 as our customers benefit from higher free cash flows, which should allow them to grow their capital budgets. For additional information about activities in each of our segments, see "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." 
 -5- 

Demand for the products and services supplied by our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment is generally driven by both the longer-term outlook for commodity prices and changes in land-based drilling and completion activity. Over recent years, lower crude oil prices, coupled with a relatively uncertain outlook around shorter-term and possibly longer-term commodity prices, caused exploration and production companies to reevaluate their capital expenditures in regard to deepwater projects since they are expensive to drill and complete, have long lead times to first production and may be considered uneconomical relative to the risk involved. Bidding and quoting activity, along with customer orders, for deepwater projects improved in 2022 from 2021 levels, following a substantial increase in crude oil prices and associated increases in customer spending commitments. With these market improvements, we grew our backlog and related revenues in 2022. 
 Demand for our Well Site Services segment is primarily affected by drilling and completion activity in the United States, including the Gulf of Mexico, and, to a lesser extent, the rest of the world. U.S. drilling and completion activity and, in turn, our Well Site Services segment results, are sensitive to near-term fluctuations in commodity prices, particularly West Texas Intermediate ("WTI") crude oil prices, given the shorter lead times for investment and the call-out nature of our operations in the segment. 
 Similarly, demand for our Downhole Technologies segment products is predominantly tied to land-based oil and natural gas exploration and production activity levels in the United States and, to a lesser extent, internationally. The primary driver for this activity is the price of crude oil and, to a lesser extent, natural gas. In past years, operator spending in our industry has been particularly focused on crude oil and liquids-rich exploration and development in the U.S. shale plays utilizing enhanced horizontal drilling and completion techniques. 
 Offshore/Manufactured Products 
 Overview 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment generated approximately 52 to 54 of our consolidated revenue. Through this segment, we provide technology-driven, highly-engineered products and services for offshore oil and natural gas production systems and facilities, military and other energy applications, as well as certain products and services to the offshore and land-based drilling and completion markets. Products and services used primarily in deepwater producing regions include our FlexJoint technology, advanced connector systems, high-pressure riser systems, compact valves, deepwater mooring systems, cranes, subsea pipeline products, specialty welding, fabrication, cladding and machining services, offshore installation services and inspection and repair services. In addition, we design, manufacture and market numerous other products and services used in both land and offshore drilling and completion activities and by non-oil and gas customers, including consumable downhole elastomer products used in onshore completion activities, valves and sound and vibration dampening products used in military applications. We have facilities that support our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment in Arlington, Houston and Lampasas, Texas; Houma, Louisiana; Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma; the United Kingdom; Brazil; Singapore; Spain; India; Thailand; Vietnam; and the United Arab Emirates. 
 Market 
 The market for products and services offered by our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment centers primarily on the development of infrastructure for offshore production facilities and their subsequent operations, exploration and drilling activities, and to a lesser extent, on-vessel construction, refurbishments or upgrades. Demand for oil and natural gas, and the related drilling and production in offshore areas throughout the world, particularly in deeper water, drive spending for these activities. Sales of our shorter-cycle products to land-based drilling and completion markets are driven by the level and complexity of drilling, completion and workover activity, particularly in the United States. 
 Products and Services 
 In operation for 80 years, our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment provides a broad range of products and services for use in offshore development and drilling activities. This segment also provides products for onshore oil and natural gas, defense and other industries. Our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment is dependent in part on the industry's continuing innovation and creative applications of existing technologies. To that end, we are investing in research, have been awarded select contracts and are bidding on additional projects that facilitate the development of alternative energy sources, including offshore wind and deepsea mineral gathering opportunities. We own various patents covering some of our technology, particularly in our connector and valve product lines. 
 -6- 

Backlog 
 Offshore/Manufactured Products' backlog consists of firm customer purchase orders for which contractual commitments exist and delivery is scheduled. Backlog in our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment was 308 million as of December 31, 2022, compared to 260 million as of December 31, 2021 and 219 million as of December 31, 2020. We expect approximately 63 of our backlog as of December 31, 2022 to be recognized as revenue during 2023. In some instances, these purchase orders are cancellable by the customer, subject to the payment of termination fees and/or the reimbursement of our costs incurred. Backlog cancellations have historically been insignificant, totaling 3.5 million in 2022 and 1.8 million in 2021. Additional cancellations may occur in the future, which would reduce our backlog if they occur. We believe backlog is an important indicator of future Offshore/Manufactured Products' shipments and major project revenues; however, backlog as of any particular date may not be indicative of our actual operating results for any future period. The offshore construction and development business is characterized by lengthy projects and a "long lead-time" order cycle. The change in backlog levels from one period to the next does not necessarily evidence a long-term trend. 
 Regions of Operations 
 Our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment provides products and services to customers in the major offshore crude oil and natural gas producing regions of the world, including the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, Brazil, West Africa, the North Sea, Azerbaijan, India, Southeast Asia, China, the United Arab Emirates and Australia. In addition, we provide shorter-cycle products to customers in the land-based drilling and completion markets in the United States and, to a lesser extent, outside the United States. 
 Customers and Competitors 
 We market our products and services to a broad customer base, including end-users, engineering and design companies, prime contractors, and at times, our competitors through outsourcing arrangements. No customer in this segment represented more than 10 of our total consolidated revenue in any period presented. Our main competitors in this segment include AFG Holdings, Inc., Baker Hughes Company, Hutchinson Group (a subsidiary of Total S.A.), NOV Inc., Oceaneering International, Inc., Sparrows Offshore Group Limited, TenarisHydril (a division of Tenaris S.A.) and W-Industries LLC. 
 Well Site Services 
 Overview 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our Well Site Services segment generated approximately 30 to 31 of our consolidated revenue. Our Well Site Services segment includes a broad range of equipment and services that are used to drill for, establish and maintain the flow of oil and natural gas from a well throughout its life cycle. In this segment, our operations primarily include completion-focused equipment and services and, to a much lesser extent, land drilling services in the United States. Our completion equipment and services are used in both onshore and offshore applications throughout the drilling, completion and production phases of a well's life cycle. 
 Market, Services, Customers and Competitors 
 Demand for our completion and drilling services is predominantly tied to the level of oil and natural gas exploration and production activity on land in the United States. The primary driver for this activity is the price of crude oil and, to a lesser extent, natural gas. Activity levels have been, and we expect will continue to be, highly correlated with hydrocarbon commodity prices. 
 Our Well Site Services business, which is primarily marketed through the brand names Oil States Energy Services, Falcon and Tempress, provides a wide range of services used in the onshore and offshore oil and gas industry, including: 
 wellhead isolation services; 
 frac valve services; 
 wireline and coiled tubing support services; 
 flowback and well testing, including separators and line heaters; 
 downhole and extended-reach services; 
 pipe recovery systems; 
 gravel pack and sand control operations on wellbores; 
 -7- 

hydraulic chokes and manifolds; 
 BOP services; and 
 drilling services. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we provided completion and drilling services through approximately 25 locations serving our customers in the United States, including the Gulf of Mexico, and international markets. Employees in our Well Site Services segment typically rig up and operate our equipment on the well site for our customers. Our equipment is primarily used during the completion and production stages of a well. We provide our services and equipment based on daily rates which vary depending on the type of equipment and the length of the job. We own patents or have patents pending covering some of our technology, particularly in our wellhead frac stack equipment and downhole extended-reach technology product lines. Our customers in this segment include major, independent and private oil and gas companies and other large oilfield service companies. No customer in this segment represented more than 10 of our total consolidated revenue in any period presented. Competition in the Well Site Services segment is widespread and includes many smaller companies, although we also compete with the larger oilfield service companies for certain equipment and services. 
 Downhole Technologies 
 Overview 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, our Downhole Technologies segment contributed approximately 15 to 18 of our consolidated revenue. This segment is comprised of the GEODynamics business we acquired in January 2018 (the "GEODynamics Acquisition") and provides oil and gas perforation systems, downhole tools and services in support of completion, intervention, wireline and well abandonment operations. This segment designs, manufactures and markets its consumable engineered products to oilfield service as well as exploration and production companies. 
 Downhole Technologies Market 
 Similar to our Well Site Services segment, demand for our Downhole Technologies segment products is predominantly tied to land-based oil and natural gas exploration and production activity levels in the United States. The primary drivers for this activity are the price of crude oil and, to a lesser extent, natural gas. Activity levels have been, and we expect will continue to be, highly correlated with hydrocarbon commodity prices. Demand for this segment's products is also influenced by continued trends toward longer lateral lengths, increased frac stages and more perforation clusters to target increased unconventional well productivity, which requires ongoing technological and product development. 
 Products 
 Product and service offerings for this segment utilize innovations in perforation technology through patented and proprietary systems combined with advanced modeling and analysis tools. Our expertise has led to the optimization of perforation hole size, depth, and quality of tunnels, which are key factors for maximizing the effectiveness of hydraulic fracturing. Additional offerings include proprietary toe valve and frac plug products, which are focused on zonal isolation for hydraulic fracturing of horizontal wells, and a broad range of consumable products, such as setting tools and bridge plugs, that are used in completion, intervention and decommissioning applications. 
 Customers and Competitors 
 Our customers in the Downhole Technologies segment include other oilfield services companies as well as major, independent and private oil and gas companies. No customer in this segment represented more than 10 of our total consolidated revenue in any period presented. Competition in the Downhole Technologies business is widespread and includes many smaller companies, although we also compete with the larger oilfield service companies for certain products and services. 
 Seasonality of Operations 
 Our operations are directly impacted by customer budgets and seasonal weather conditions in certain areas in which we operate, most notably in the Rocky Mountain and Northeast regions of the United States, where severe winter weather conditions can restrict access to work areas. In addition, summer and fall completion and drilling activity can be restricted due to hurricanes and other storms prevalent in the Gulf of Mexico and along the Gulf Coast. As a result, full-year results are not likely to be a direct multiple of any particular quarter or combination of quarters. 
 -8- 

Human Capital 
 Employees 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had a total of 2,738 full-time employees with 57 in our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment, 30 in our Well Site Services segment, 10 in our Downhole Technologies segment and 3 in our corporate headquarters. We were party to collective bargaining agreements covering fewer than 100 employees located outside the United States as of December 31, 2022. We believe we have good labor relations with our employees. 
 Safety 
 The health and safety of our employees, contractors, business partners, visitors and the communities where we work is a cornerstone of our culture, "Safety Focus from the Top." We are transparent in our communications about our health, safety and environmental ("HSE") commitment to employees, contractors, vendors, suppliers and customers. We solicit input to improve our programs and employee participation is a vital element in our success. 
 We establish global targets in an effort to promote HSE improvement and monitor our performance through real-time reporting. Executive management and operations personnel review incidents and loss trends on a weekly basis and we update our board of directors no less than monthly. For certain divisional and operational teams, a portion of their annual incentive compensation is linked to established safety metrics. 
 We seek to encourage our employees to actively participate in HSE initiatives through safety committees, behavior-based observations, and employees stopping work if at-risk conditions are observed, among other aspects of our safety management system. We monitor global compliance with our internal policies and procedures, internationally recognized/certified management systems and all applicable national, state, local and international laws and regulations. 
 COVID-19 Response 
 Our dedicated employees across the globe provided essential services to the energy industry during 2020, 2021 and 2022, and will continue to do so into 2023. The COVID-19 outbreak expanded into a global pandemic in early 2020 requiring swift and effective responses by us in order to protect the health and safety of our employees and others, as well as the communities in which we operate. 
 We implemented measures to enable our employees to work safely, including: adjustments to facility workflows and operating schedules; enhanced cleaning procedures; health monitoring procedures; and strict travel protocols. Additionally, when possible, we requested that employees work from home to limit social contact in support of government instructions. 
 Diversity 
 We recognize that our employees are critical to our long-term success. Our operations are global and demand a diverse workforce, which we believe provides us with a competitive advantage and allows us to better understand and communicate with a diverse population of constituents. Our strong focus on innovation necessitates an equally strong focus on technical skills and training programs, which we believe creates high performing teams that can arrive at better solutions to problems. We strive to cultivate a culture and work environment that enables us to attract, train, promote and retain a diverse group of skilled individuals who collectively enable us to safely provide quality, innovative solutions to our customers while remaining considerate of the environment and of our communities. 
 We strive to align our national and cultural diversity with our global operations. For example, 73 of our full-time employee base was in the United States where we generated 77 of our revenues in 2022. We have and continue to remain focused on improving gender balance across our field and manufacturing operations, technical, business and management roles. As of December 31, 2022, women made up 18 of our global workforce. Additionally, 23 of our executive and senior management roles in 2022 were held by women, including our Chief Executive Officer and President who has served in this role and as a member of our Board since 2007. 
 As of December 31, 2022, three (38 of our eight Board members are women and one (13 of our Board members is Hispanic. 
 -9- 

Hiring, Training and Development of our Workforce 
 Our employee hiring, training, career development and retention practices are key to our success. We recruit and train our employees while providing competitive wages and benefits. Our industry is cyclical, leading to varying headcount needs during industry cycles. We prioritize recalling our experienced employees for manufacturing and field positions to the extent possible as conditions improve following an industry downturn such as the one which began in early 2020. 
 We invest in continual training and development of our employees through technical and non-technical courses and programs. Employee training and development includes course work as well as on the job mentoring emphasizing, among others matters, safety, ethical behavior, compliance with our internal policies and laws and regulations, protection of the environment, and skills and competencies necessary for a specific position. In addition to internal training and development, we also value the benefits of continuing formal education and maintain an educational assistance program that reimburses eligible expenses from accredited institutions. 
 Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters 
 Our business operations are subject to stringent environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations that may be imposed domestically at the federal, regional, state, tribal and local levels or by foreign governments. Numerous governmental entities, including domestically the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ("EPA"), the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives ("ATF"), a law enforcement agency under the U.S. Department of Justice, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration ("OSHA") and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them, often requiring difficult and costly actions. These laws and regulations may, among other things: (i) require the acquisition of permits to conduct drilling and other regulated activities; (ii) restrict the types, quantities and concentration of various substances that can be released into the environment or injected into subsurface formations in connection with oil and natural gas drilling and production activities and well site support services; (iii) limit or prohibit drilling activities on certain lands lying within wilderness, wetlands and other protected areas; (iv) impose stringent regulations on the licensing or storage and use of explosives; (v) require remedial measures to mitigate pollution from former and ongoing operations, such as requirements to close pits and plug abandoned wells or decommission offshore facilities; (vi) impose specific safety and health criteria addressing worker protection; and (vii) impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from drilling operations and well site support services. 
 The more significant of these existing environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations include the following U.S. legal standards, as amended from time to time: 
 the Clean Air Act ("CAA"), which restricts the emission of air pollutants from many sources and imposes various pre-construction, operational, monitoring and reporting requirements, and that the EPA has relied upon as authority for adopting climate change regulatory initiatives relating to greenhouse gas ("GHG") emissions; 
 the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, also known as the Clean Water Act ("CWA"), which regulates discharges of pollutants from facilities to state and federal waters and establishes the extent to which waterways are subject to federal jurisdiction and rulemaking as protected waters of the United States; 
 the Oil Pollution Act of 1990, which subjects owners and operators of vessels, onshore facilities, and pipelines, as well as lessees or permittees of areas in which offshore facilities are located, to liability for removal costs and damages arising from an oil spill in waters of the United States; 
 U.S. Department of the Interior ("DOI") regulations, which govern oil and natural gas operations on federal lands and waters and impose obligations for establishing financial assurances for decommissioning activities, liabilities for pollution cleanup costs resulting from operations, and liabilities for pollution damages; 
 the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980 ("CERCLA"), which imposes liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on generators, transporters, disposers and arrangers of hazardous substances at sites where hazardous substance releases have occurred or are threatening to occur; 
 the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act ("RCRA"), which governs the generation, treatment, storage, transport, and disposal of solid wastes, including oil and natural gas exploration and production wastes and hazardous wastes; 
 the Safe Drinking Water Act ("SDWA"), which ensures the quality of the nation's public drinking water through adoption of drinking water standards and controlling the injection of waste fluids into below-ground formations that may adversely affect drinking water sources; 
 the Emergency Planning and Community Right-to-Know Act, which requires facilities to implement a safety hazard communication program and disseminate information to employees, local emergency planning committees, and response departments on toxic chemical uses and inventories; 
 -10- 

the Occupational Safety and Health Act, which establishes workplace standards for the protection of the health and safety of employees, including the implementation of hazard communications programs designed to inform employees about hazardous substances in the workplace, potential harmful effects of these substances, and appropriate control measures; 
 the Endangered Species Act ("ESA"), which restricts activities that may affect federally identified endangered and threatened species or their habitats through the implementation of operating restrictions or a temporary, seasonal, or permanent ban in affected areas; 
 the National Environmental Policy Act, which requires federal agencies, including the DOI, to evaluate major agency actions having the potential to impact the environment and that may require the preparation of environmental assessments and more detailed environmental impact statements that may be made available for public review and comment; 
 the U.S. Department of Transportation regulations, which relate to advancing the safe transportation of energy and hazardous materials, including explosives, and emergency response preparedness; and 
 regulations adopted by the ATF, that impose stringent licensing conditions with respect to the acquisition, storage and use of explosives for well site support services in the oil and natural gas sector. 
 Additionally, there exist regional, state, tribal and local jurisdictions in the United States where we operate that also have, or are developing or considering developing, similar environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations governing many of these same types of activities. Outside of the United States, there are countries and provincial, regional, tribal or local jurisdictions therein where we are conducting business that also have, or may be developing, regulatory initiatives or analogous controls that regulate our environmental-related activities. While the legal requirements imposed in foreign countries or jurisdictions therein may be similar in form to U.S. laws and regulations, in some cases, the actual implementation of these requirements may impose additional, or more stringent, conditions or controls that can significantly restrict, delay or cancel the permitting, development or expansion of a project or significantly increase the cost of doing business. Any failure by us to comply with these laws, regulations and regulatory initiatives or controls may result in: the assessment of sanctions, including administrative, civil, and criminal penalties; the imposition of investigatory, remedial, and corrective action obligations or the incurrence of capital expenditures; the occurrence of restrictions, delays or cancellations in the permitting, development or expansion of projects; and issuance of injunctions restricting or prohibiting some or all of our activities in a particular area. We have incurred and will continue to incur operating and capital expenditures, some of which may be material, to comply with environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Historically, our environmental and worker safety compliance costs have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future or that such future compliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business and operational results. 
 We own, lease or operate numerous properties that have been used for well site support services for many years. We also have acquired certain properties supportive of oil and natural gas activities from third parties whose actions with respect to the management and disposal or release of hydrocarbons, hazardous substances or wastes at or from such properties were not under our control prior to acquiring them. Under environmental laws and regulations such as CERCLA and RCRA, we could incur strict joint and several liability due to damages to natural resources or for remediating hydrocarbons, hazardous substances or wastes disposed of or released by prior owners or operators. Moreover, an accidental release of materials into the environment during the course of our operations may cause us to incur significant costs and liabilities. We also could incur costs related to the clean-up of third-party sites to which we sent regulated substances for disposal or to which we sent equipment for cleaning, and for damages to natural resources or other claims related to releases of regulated substances at or from such third-party sites. 
 Over time, both in the United States and in foreign countries, the trend in environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations is to typically place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may adversely affect the environment or expose workers to injury. If existing regulatory requirements or enforcement policies change or new regulatory or enforcement initiatives are developed and implemented in the future, we or our customers may be required to make significant, unanticipated capital and operating expenditures. Examples of recent regulations or other regulatory initiatives in the United States include the following: 
 Hydraulic fracturing . Hydraulic fracturing is typically regulated by state oil and gas commissions, but the practice continues to attract considerable public, scientific and governmental attention in certain parts of the country, resulting in increased scrutiny and regulation, including by federal agencies. At the federal level, the EPA asserted federal regulatory authority under the SDWA over certain hydraulic fracturing activities involving the use of diesel fuels and published permitting guidance for such activities. Additionally, the EPA issued a final regulation under the CWA prohibiting discharges to publicly owned treatment works of wastewater from onshore unconventional oil and gas extraction facilities. In late 2016, the EPA released its final report on the potential impacts of hydraulic fracturing on 
 -11- 

drinking water resources, concluding that "water cycle" activities associated with hydraulic fracturing may impact drinking water resources under certain circumstances. Also in 2016, the federal Bureau of Land Management ("BLM") under the Obama Administration published a final rule imposing more stringent standards on hydraulic fracturing on federal lands; however, in late 2018, the BLM under the Trump Administration published a final rule rescinding the 2016 final rule. Since that time, litigation challenging the BLM's 2016 final rule and the 2018 final rule has resulted in rescission in federal courts of both the 2016 rule and the 2018 final rule but appeals of one or both of those decisions are ongoing. Additionally, the Biden Administration may pursue further regulatory restrictions. In January 2021, President Biden issued an executive order suspending the issuance of new leases for exploration and production activities on federal non-Indian lands and waters, but not existing operations under valid leases, pending completion of a study of current oil and gas practices. The suspension of these federal leasing activities prompted legal action by several states against the Biden Administration, resulting in issuance of a nationwide preliminary injunction by a federal district judge in Louisiana in June 2021 and a permanent injunction in August 2022, effectively halting implementation of the leasing suspension with respect to those leases canceled or postponed prior to March 24, 2021. In April 2022, the DOI reopened onshore leasing for approximately 144,000 acres of federal, non-Indian land, although this sale is presently subject to ongoing litigation. The DOI has also announced its intention to scope additional land for onshore leasing. Future actions taken by the federal government to limit the availability of new oil and gas leases would adversely impact the oil and gas industry and impact demand for our products and services. Separately, the DOI released a report on the federal oil and gas leasing program in November 2021, following a review of the onshore and offshore federal oil and gas program. The report states an intent to modernize the federal oil and gas leasing program, and recommends reforms including, among other items: raising royalty rates and current minimum levels for bids, rentals, royalties, and bonds; revising bidding practices to avoid leasing of low potential lands; and performing more meaningful public and tribal consultations regarding the leasing and permitting processes. Several of the report recommendations require action by the Congress and cannot be implemented unilaterally by the Biden Administration and, thus, the extent to which this administration will act upon the report's recommendations cannot be predicted at this time; however, any revisions to the federal leasing or permitting process that make it more difficult for our customers to pursue operations on federal lands or waters may adversely impact demand for our products and services. Moreover, further or different constraints may be adopted by the Biden Administration in the future, including but not limited to a delay in permitting procedures, which may reduce the desirability or viability of projects on federal lands or waters. For example, in November 2022 the BLM proposed a rule that would limit flaring from well sites on federal lands, as well as allow the delay or denial of permits if BLM finds that an operator's methane waste minimization plan is insufficient. At the state level, many states have adopted legal requirements that have imposed new or more stringent permitting, public disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities, including states where our oil and gas exploration and production customers operate. States could also elect to place prohibitions on hydraulic fracturing and local governments may seek to adopt ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place or manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular. 
 Induced seismicity . In recent years, wells in the United States used for the disposal by injection of flowback water or certain other oilfield fluids below ground into non-producing formations have been associated with an increased number of seismic events, with research suggesting that the link between seismic events and wastewater disposal may vary by region and local geology. The U.S. geological survey has in the recent past identified six states with the most significant hazards from induced seismicity: Oklahoma, Kansas, Texas, Colorado, New Mexico and Arkansas. In response to these concerns, regulators in some of the states in which our oil and gas exploration and production customers operate have adopted additional requirements related to seismicity and its potential association with hydraulic fracturing. For example, Oklahoma and Texas have issued rules for wastewater disposal wells that imposed certain permitting and operating restrictions and reporting requirements on disposal wells in proximity to faults. States such as Oklahoma and Texas have also issued orders, from time to time, for certain wells where seismic incidents have occurred to restrict or suspend disposal well operations. In this regard, the Texas Railroad Commission has pursued several regulatory initiatives during the latter half of 2021 as a result of recent seismic activity in an area of the Midland Basin from northeast Ector County to southwest Martin County known as the Gardendale Seismic Response Area ("SRA"), including voluntary reductions in produced water disposals from injection wells in the Gardendale SRA, suspending injection operations of certain deep disposal wells within the Gardendale SRA, and suspending all disposal well permits to inject oil and gas waste into deep strata within the boundaries of the Gardendale SRA. More recently, in response to a December 31, 2021 earthquake some 25 miles northeast of Midland, Texas, the Texas Railroad Commission established the Stanton SRA in January 2022 as a prelude to coordinating future industry-led actions to reduce the seismic hazard in this SRA. The Oklahoma Corporation Commission has similarly suspended certain deep disposal well operations in the recent past following earthquakes of certain magnitudes in Oklahoma. Another consequence of seismic events may be lawsuits alleging that disposal well operations have caused damage to neighboring properties or otherwise violated state and federal rules regulating waste disposal. In countries outside of the United States where we or our customers conduct operations, there may exist similar governmental restrictions or controls over well disposal activities in an effort to limit the occurrence of induced seismicity. 
 -12- 

Offshore marine safety . In the United States, President Biden has placed a moratorium on new oil and natural gas leases on federal lands and waters, including the federal Outer Continental Shelf ("OCS"), although a permanent injunction against this moratorium applicable to those leases canceled or postponed prior to March 24, 2021 was obtained in August 2022. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA 2022") contains provisions requiring particular offshore oil and gas lease sales under the 2017 2022 leasing program to proceed and the DOI has reinstated or announced plans for those sales. In July 2022, the DOI published a proposed offshore leasing program for 2023 2028, although the approval process is ongoing and may be subject to change or challenge. The Biden Administration may pursue further regulatory initiatives, executive actions and legislation in support of his regulatory agenda. Additionally, regulatory agencies under the Biden Administration may issue new or amended rulemakings regarding deepwater leasing, permitting or drilling that could result in more stringent or costly restrictions, delays or cancellations to our oil and gas exploration and production customers with respect to their offshore operations or significantly increase financial assurances of operators for decommissioning of offshore facilities on the OCS. Our customers compliance with such new, more stringent legal requirements may result in increased costs for our customers and could adversely affect, delay or curtail new or ongoing drilling and development efforts by our customers. Outside of the United States, there are countries and provincial, regional, tribal or local jurisdictions therein where our customers are conducting business that also have, or may be developing, regulatory initiatives or analogous controls that regulate the permitting and regulatory safety and performance aspects of those customers development and production activities, which could significantly restrict, delay or cancel the leasing, permitting, development or expansion of an offshore energy project or substantially increase the cost of doing business offshore. 
 Ground-level ozone standards . In 2015, the EPA under the Obama Administration issued a final rule under the CAA, making the National Ambient Air Quality Standard ("NAAQS") for ground-level ozone more stringent. Since that time, the EPA has issued area designations with respect to ground-level ozone and final requirements that apply to state, local and tribal air agencies for implementing the 2015 NAAQS for ground-level ozone and, more recently, in December 2020, the EPA (under the Trump Administration) published a final action that, upon conducting a periodic review of the ozone standard in accord with CAA requirements, elected to retain the 2015 ozone NAAQS without revision on a going-forward basis. However, several groups have filed litigation over this December 2020 decision, and in October 2021, the EPA announced it will reconsider its December 2020 decision and is targeting to complete its reconsideration by the end of 2023. While a draft assessment released in April 2022 indicates that EPA staff have reached a preliminary conclusion that the December 2020 decision will stand, a final decision continues to not be expected until 2023. State implementation of a revised NAAQS could, among other things, require installation of new emission controls on some of our or our customers' equipment, result in longer permitting timelines, and significantly increase our or our customers' capital expenditures and operating costs. 
 Waters of the United States . There continues to be uncertainty on the federal government's applicable jurisdictional reach under the Clean Water Act over waters of the United States, including wetlands as the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ("Corps") under the Obama, Trump and Biden Administrations have pursued multiple rulemakings since 2015 in an attempt to determine the scope of such reach. While the EPA and Corps under the Trump Administration issued a final rule in April 2020 narrowing federal jurisdictional reach over waters of the United States, President Biden issued an executive order in January 2021 to further review and assess these regulations consistent with the new administration's policy objectives, following which the EPA and Corps announced plans in June 2021 to initiate a new rulemaking process that would repeal the 2020 rule and restore protections that were in place prior to 2015. Following two federal district court decisions to vacate the 2020 rule, the EPA and the Corps announced a final rule defining "waters of the United States" according to the broader pre-2015 standards and including updates to incorporate existing Supreme Court decisions, which was published in January 2023. At the same time, the Supreme Court is also expected to rule on certain aspects of the definition in 2023, and the January 2023 rule is likely to be subject to legal challenge. Therefore, the final substance of this definition and its impacts on the scope of the CWA remain uncertain at this time. To the extent that the EPA and the Corps under the Biden Administration issues any rule that expands the scope of the CWA's jurisdiction in areas where our customers conduct operations, such developments could delay, restrict or halt permitting or development of projects, result in longer permitting timelines, or increased compliance expenditures or mitigation costs for our customers operations, which may reduce the rate of production from operators. 
 Climate change . In the United States, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. However, President Biden has made action on climate change a priority of his administration's agenda, and laws, such as the IRA 2022, advance numerous climate-related objectives. Moreover, with the U.S. Supreme Court finding that GHG emissions constitute a pollutant under the CAA, the EPA has adopted rules that, among other things, establish construction and operating permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources, require the monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas system sources, and 
 -13- 

impose new standards reducing methane emissions from oil and gas operations through limitations on venting and flaring and the implementation of enhanced emission leak detection and repair requirements. In recent years, there has been considerable uncertainty surrounding regulation of methane emissions. While the Trump Administration took a number of actions to revise federal regulation of methane from the oil and natural gas sector, these actions were subsequently reversed by both the Biden Administration and Congress. In November 2021, the EPA issued a proposed rule that, if finalized, would establish the so-called Quad Ob new source and Quad Oc first-time existing source standards of performance under applicable agency regulations established at 40 C.F.R. Part 60 for methane and volatile organic compound ("VOC") emissions for the crude oil and natural gas source category new source and existing sources, respectively. Owners or operators of affected emission units or processes would have to comply with specific standards of performance that may include leak detecting using optical gas imaging and subsequent repair requirements, reduction of regulated emissions through capture and control systems, zero-emission requirements for certain equipment or processes, operations and maintenance requirements and requirements for "green well" completions. The EPA published a supplemental proposal in November 2022, which, among other items, would impose expanded inspection, monitoring and emissions control requirements on oil and gas sites, as well as strengthen requirements related to emissions from equipment and routine flaring. The proposal would also establish a "Super Emitter Response Program" that would require operator response to emissions events exceeding 200 pounds per hour, as detected by regulatory authorities or qualified third parties. The proposal is currently subject to public comment and is expected to be finalized in 2023; however, all of these regulatory actions will likely be subject to legal challenges. As a result, we cannot predict the scope of any final methane regulatory requirements, or the expected cost to comply with such requirements, but any such increase in regulatory scope and oversight may increase compliance expenditures or mitigation costs for our or our customers' operations. Additionally, various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas as greenhouse gas cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, and restriction of emissions. At the international level, there exists the United Nations-sponsored "Paris Agreement," which requires nations to submit non-binding GHG emissions reduction goals every five years after 2020. President Biden recommitted the United States to the Paris Agreement and, in April 2021, announced a GHG emissions reduction goal for the United States of 50 to 52 below 2005 levels by 2030. In addition, the 26th Conference of the Parties ("COP26"), resulted in multiple announcements, including a call for parties to eliminate certain fossil fuel subsidies and pursue further action on non-carbon dioxide GHGs. Relatedly, the United States and European Union jointly announced at COP26 the launch of the Global Methane Pledge, an initiative which over 100 countries joined, committing to a collective goal of reducing global methane emissions by at least 30 from 2020 levels by 2030, including "all feasible reductions" in the energy sector. These goals were reaffirmed at the 27th Conference of the Parties ("COP27") in November 2022. While the degree and manner in which countries may implement COP26 or COP27 commitments is uncertain at this time, there is increasing political risk regarding climate change. In the United States, President Biden has issued several executive orders calling for more expansive action to address climate change and limit new oil and gas operations on federal lands or waters. See "Part I, Item 1. Business Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters Hydraulic fracturing" for more information. Other actions that may be pursued by the Biden Administration may include the imposition of more restrictive requirements for the establishment of pipeline infrastructure or the permitting of liquefied natural gas export facilities, as well as more restrictive GHG emissions limitations for oil and gas facilities. Additionally, the IRA 2022 was signed into law in August 2022, which contains hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles, and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration, among other provisions. These incentives could further accelerate the transition of the U.S. economy away from the use of fossil fuels towards lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives. The IRA 2022 also imposes the first-ever federal fee on the emissions of GHGs through a methane emissions charge. Litigation risks are also increasing, as a number of states, municipalities and other plaintiffs have sought to bring suit against oil and natural gas companies in state or federal court, alleging, among other things, that such energy companies created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to global warming effects or alleging that the companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change for some time but defrauded their investors or customers by failing to adequately disclose those impacts. Additionally, our access to capital may be impacted by climate change policies as stockholders and bondholders currently invested in carbon-intensive energy companies concerned about the potential effects of climate change may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into non-fossil fuel energy related sectors. Institutional lenders who provide financing to carbon-intensive energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending and investment practices that favor "clean" power sources such as wind and solar, making those sources more attractive, and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. Many of the largest U.S. banks have made "net zero" carbon emission commitments and have announced that they will be assessing their portfolios and taking steps to quantify and reduce funding to companies with carbon emissions. At COP26, the Glasgow Financial Alliance for Net Zero ("GFANZ") announced that commitments from over 450 firms across 45 countries had resulted in over 130 trillion in 
 -14- 

capital committed to net zero goals. The various sub-alliance of GFANZ generally require participants to set short-term, sector-specific targets to transition their financing, investing, and/or underwriting activities to net zero by 2050. Additionally, there is the possibility that financial institutions will be pressured or required to adopt policies that limit funding for fossil fuel energy companies. President Biden signed an executive order calling for the development of a climate finance plan and, separately, the U.S. Federal Reserve announced that it has joined the Network for Greening the Financial System ("NGFS"), a consortium of financial regulators focused on addressing climate-related risks in the financial sector. More recently, in November 2021, the U.S. Federal Reserve issued a statement in support of the efforts of the NGFS to identify key issues and potential solutions for the climate-related challenges most relevant to central banks and supervisory authorities. In addition, the SEC has proposed a rule that would require registrants to make certain climate-related disclosures in registration statements and annual reports, including their governance of climate-related risks, material climate-related impacts on strategy, outlook and business model, climate risk management, Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and Scope 3 GHG emissions under certain circumstances, and if the registrant has set them, climate-related targets and goals. The SEC missed its self-imposed October 2022 deadline for issuing a final rule, and the final rule is now expected in early 2023. Separately, the SEC has also announced that it is scrutinizing existing climate-change related disclosures in public filings, increasing the potential for enforcement if the SEC were to allege that an issuer's existing climate disclosures were misleading or deficient. Such public and private sector efforts have made and may continue to make it more difficult for certain of our customers' to secure financing for their projects, which in turn may reduce the demand for our products and services. Finally, increasing concentrations of GHG in the Earth's atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, floods, rising sea levels and other climatic events, as well as chronic shifts in temperature and precipitation patterns. For more information, see our risk factor titled "Climatic impacts could adversely impact our operations or those of our customers or suppliers." 
 While we maintain insurance coverage for certain environmental and occupational health and safety risks that we believe is consistent with insurance coverage held by other similarly situated industry participants, our insurance does not cover any penalties or fines that may be issued by a government authority. In addition, it is possible that other developments, such as stricter and more comprehensive environmental and occupational health and safety laws and regulations, claims for damages to property or persons or disruption of our customers' operations resulting from our actions or omissions, and imposition of penalties due to our operations, could have a material adverse effect on us and our results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 The risks described in this Annual Report on Form 10 K are not the only risks we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future results. 
 Business and Operating Risks 
 Demand for the majority of our products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by companies in the crude oil and natural gas industry. The global response to COVID-19, ongoing uncertainties related to future crude oil demand and the willingness of operators to invest in U.S. land-based drilling, completion and production activities given regulatory pressures has reduced the demand, and the prices we are able to charge, for our products and services. This has had and may in the future have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Demand for most of our products and services depends substantially on the level of capital expenditures invested in the oil and natural gas industry. The global response to COVID-19, ongoing uncertainties related to future crude oil demand and the willingness of operators to invest in U.S. land-based drilling, completion and production activities given regulatory pressures have resulted in an oversupply of many of our services and products and reduced the prices we could charge our customers for these services and products. A worsening of these conditions may result in a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 The level of capital expenditures by companies in the crude oil and natural gas industry could remain highly volatile and have adverse effects on our business and operations due to numerous factors, including: 
 worldwide demand for and supply of oil and natural gas; 
 crude oil and natural gas prices; 
 inflation in wages, materials, parts, equipment and other costs; 
 the level of drilling and completion activity; 
 -15- 

the level of oil and natural gas production; 
 the levels of oil and natural gas inventories; 
 depletion rates; 
 the expected cost of finding, developing and producing new reserves; 
 delays in major offshore and onshore oil and natural gas field permitting or development timetables; 
 the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic; 
 the availability of attractive offshore and onshore oil and natural gas field prospects that may be affected by governmental actions or environmental activists that may restrict, suspend or cancel development; 
 the availability of transportation infrastructure for oil and natural gas, refining capacity and shifts in end-customer preferences toward fuel efficiency and the use of natural gas; 
 global weather conditions and natural disasters; 
 worldwide economic activity including growth in developing countries; 
 national government political requirements, including the ability and willingness of OPEC to set and maintain production levels and prices for oil and government policies which could nationalize or expropriate oil and natural gas exploration, production, refining or transportation assets; 
 stockholder activism or activities by non-governmental organizations to limit or cease certain sources of funding for the energy sector or restrict the exploration, development, production and transportation of oil and natural gas; 
 the impact of armed hostilities involving one or more oil and natural gas producing nations; 
 rapid technological change and the timing and extent of development of energy sources, including liquefied natural gas as well as solar, wind and other renewable energy sources; 
 environmental and other governmental laws, regulations and executive actions; and 
 U.S. and foreign tax policies, including those regarding tariffs and duties. 
 In response to lower oil prices in 2020 and 2021, many of our customers materially reduced or delayed their capital spending, which reduced the demand for our products and services and exerted downward pressure on the prices paid for our products and services. Any prolonged reduction in the overall level of exploration and production activities, whether resulting from changes in oil and natural gas prices or otherwise, could have an adverse effect on our equipment utilization, revenues, cash flows and profitability; our ability to obtain additional capital to finance our business and the cost of that capital; and our ability to attract and retain skilled personnel. 
 The COVID-19 outbreak has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact crude oil prices and demand for our products and services. 
 The outbreak of COVID-19 has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our operations, the operations of our customers and the global economy, including the worldwide demand for oil and natural gas and the level of demand for our products and services. The COVID-19 pandemic also altered the level of capital spending by oil and gas companies for exploration and production activities and adversely affected the economies and financial markets of many countries resulting in an economic downturn that affected demand for our products and services. In response to the initial outbreak of COVID-19, many state and local jurisdictions imposed quarantines, executive orders and similar government orders and restrictions for their residents to control the spread of COVID-19. Such orders or restrictions resulted in business closures, work stoppages, slowdowns and delays, work-from-home policies, travel restrictions and cancellation of events, among other effects. In an effort to minimize the spread of illness, we and our customers implemented various worksite restrictions as well as quarantining in order to minimize the chances of a potential COVID-19 outbreak. 
 During 2021 and 2022, the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines progressed and many government-imposed restrictions were relaxed or rescinded. While the prices of and demand for crude oil have recovered, further outbreaks or the emergence of new strains of the COVID-19 virus could result in the reimposition of domestic and international regulations directing individuals to stay at home, limiting travel, requiring facility closures and imposing quarantines. Widespread implementation of these or similar restrictions could result in commodity price volatility, reduced demand for our products and services, as well as delays in or inability to fulfill our contractual obligations to customers, logistic constraints, increases in our costs, and workforce and raw material shortages. The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and related economic, business and market disruptions thus could continue and adversely affect us. 
 -16- 

We might be unable to compete successfully with other companies in our industry. 
 The markets in which we operate are highly competitive and certain of them have relatively few barriers to entry. The principal competitive factors in our markets are product, equipment and service quality, availability, responsiveness, experience, technology, safety performance and price. In some of our product and service offerings, we compete with the oil and natural gas industry's largest oilfield service providers. These large national and multi-national companies have greater financial, technical and other resources, and greater name recognition than we do. Several of our competitors provide a broader array of services and have a stronger presence in more geographic markets. In addition, we compete with many smaller companies capable of competing effectively on a regional or local basis. Our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or emerging technologies and services, and changes in customer requirements. Many contracts are awarded on a bid basis, which further increases competition based on price. As a result of competition, we may lose market share or be unable to maintain or increase prices for our present products and services, or to acquire additional business opportunities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Consolidation of our customers and competitors may impact our results of operations. 
 The oil and gas industry has historically experienced periods of consolidation which may result in reduced capital spending by some of our customers, the acquisition of one or more of our primary customers or competitors or consolidated entities using size and purchasing power to seek pricing or other concessions, which may lead to decreased demand for our products and services. In addition, recent, ongoing and future mergers, combinations and consolidations in our industry could result in existing competitors increasing their market share. As a result, industry consolidation may have a significant negative impact on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Disruption of our supply chain could adversely impact our ability to manufacture, transport and sell our products. 
 We and our suppliers use multiple forms of transportation to bring our products to market, including truck, ocean and air-cargo shipments. Disruption to the timely supply of raw materials, parts and finished goods or increases in the cost of transportation services, including due to general inflationary pressures, cost of fuel and labor, labor disputes, governmental regulation or governmental restrictions limiting specific forms of transportation, could have an adverse effect on our ability to manufacture, transport and sell our products, which would adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 
 We might be unable to employ and retain a sufficient number of key personnel. 
 We believe that our success depends upon our ability to employ and retain key personnel with both technical and business expertise. As observed in the U.S. shale play regions such as the Permian Basin in recent years, during periods of increased activity, the demand for such personnel is high, and the supply is limited. When these events occur, our cost structure increases and our growth potential could be impaired. Conversely, during periods of reduced activity, we are forced to reduce headcount, freeze or reduce wages, and implement other cost-saving measures which could lead skilled personnel to migrate to other industries. Other opportunities in our industry and market interest in ESG and alternative energy sources may also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain employees who may feel it necessary to exit our business in favor of such other opportunities. The loss of key personnel to competitors or companies in other industries could adversely affect us. 
 If we do not develop new competitive technologies and products, our business and revenues may be adversely affected. 
 The market for our products and services is characterized by continual technological developments to provide better performance in increasingly greater depths, higher pressure levels and harsher conditions. If we are unable to design, develop and produce commercially competitive products in a timely manner in response to changes in technology, our business and revenues will be adversely affected. Many of our competitors are large multinational companies that may have significantly greater financial resources than we have, and they may be able to devote greater resources to research and development of new systems, services and technologies than we are able to do. In addition, competitors or customers may develop new technologies, which address similar or improved solutions to our existing technology. Additionally, the development and commercialization of new products and services requires substantial expenditures and we may not have access to needed capital at attractive rates or at all due to our financial condition, disruptions of the bank or capital markets, or other reasons beyond our control to continue these activities. Should our technologies become the less attractive solution, our operations and profitability would be negatively impacted. 
 -17- 

Our business and results of operations could be negatively impacted by security threats, including cybersecurity threats, and other disruptions. 
 We may experience various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable; threats to the safety of our employees; threats to the security of our facilities and infrastructure, or third-party facilities and infrastructure; and threats from terrorist acts. Although we devote significant resources to protect the information systems and data we rely on in our business, cybersecurity attacks in particular are evolving and include, use of phishing/ransomware attacks and fraudulent domain names/websites, among others, which increased following the outbreak of COVID-19 in 2020. While we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor these security threats and mitigate our exposure to such threats and other disruptions, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient in preventing security threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, they could lead to losses of sensitive information (including our intellectual property, and employee and customer data), critical infrastructure, personnel or capabilities, essential to our operations, and could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 We depend on several significant customers in each of our business segments, and the loss of one or more such customers or the inability of one or more such customers to meet their obligations to us, could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 While no customer accounted for more than 10 of our consolidated revenues in 2022, 2021 or 2020, the loss of a significant portion of customers in any of our business segments, or a sustained decrease in demand by any of such customers, could result in a loss of revenues and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, the concentration of customers in one industry impacts our overall exposure to credit risk, in that customers may be similarly affected by changes in economic and industry conditions. While we perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers, we do not generally require collateral in support of our trade receivables. 
 As a result of our industry concentration, risks of nonpayment and nonperformance by our counterparties are a concern in our business. Many of our customers finance their activities through cash flow from operations, the incurrence of debt, or the issuance of equity. In 2020 and 2021, many of our customers experienced substantial reductions in their cash flows from operations, and some experienced liquidity shortages, lack of access to capital and credit markets, a reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facilities and other adverse impacts to their financial condition. These conditions caused a number of our customers to claim bankruptcy protection. The inability, or failure of, our significant customers to meet their obligations to us, or their insolvency or liquidation, may adversely affect our financial results. 
 The ongoing military action between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In February 2022, Russian military forces invaded Ukraine and fighting between the two countries continues. While we have no operations, personnel or material assets in either country as of December 31, 2022, the outcome of this ongoing military conflict is highly unpredictable and could lead to further market and other disruptions that could adversely affect us, such as: volatility in crude oil and natural gas prices, which can adversely affect demand for our products and services; further supply chain constraints and disruptions, or increased prices for certain raw materials and component parts, such as steel and forgings, that are used in products we manufacture and other products needed by our customers in connection with their ongoing operations; instability in financial markets; higher inflation; delays or cancellations of planned projects by our customers due to rising costs; changes in currency rates; and increases in cyberattacks and espionage. As a result of this conflict, governments in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and other countries have enacted sanctions against Russia and Russian interests. Such sanctions, and other measures, as well as existing and potential further responses from Russia or other countries to such sanctions, could exacerbate the foregoing risks. Any of these developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Our inability to control the inherent risks of identifying and integrating businesses that we have or may acquire, including any related increases in debt or issuances of equity securities, could adversely affect our operations. 
 We continually review complementary acquisition opportunities and we may seek to consummate acquisitions of such businesses in the future. However, we may not be able to identify and acquire acceptable acquisition candidates on favorable terms in the future or at all. In addition, we have in the past and may in the future incur indebtedness to finance acquisitions and also may issue equity securities in connection with such acquisitions, which could impose a significant burden on our results of operations and financial condition and could result in significant dilution to stockholders. 
 -18- 

We expect to gain certain business, financial, and strategic advantages as a result of business combinations we undertake, including synergies and operating efficiencies. However, these transactions involve risks including: 
 retaining key employees and customers of acquired businesses; 
 retaining supply and distribution relationships key to the supply chain; 
 increased administrative burden, including additional costs associated with regulatory compliance; 
 diversion of management time and attention; 
 developing our sales and marketing capabilities; 
 managing our growth effectively; 
 integrating operations, workforce, product lines and technology; 
 managing tax and foreign exchange exposure; 
 operating a new line of business; 
 inability to pursue and protect patents covering acquired technology; 
 addition of acquisition-related debt and increased expenses and working capital requirements; 
 substantial accounting charges for restructuring and related expenses, write-off of in-process research and development, impairments of goodwill, amortization of intangible assets, and stock-based compensation expense; 
 becoming subject to unanticipated liabilities of the acquired business, including litigation related to the acquired business; and 
 achieving the expected benefits from the acquisition, including certain cost savings and operational efficiencies or synergies. 
 If we fail to manage any of these risks successfully, our business could be harmed. Our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly following an acquisition, and our stockholders may not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial, and other relevant information that we will consider in evaluating future acquisitions. 
 For example, see Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K for a discussion of certain unanticipated issues and claims that arose following the GEODynamics Acquisition. 
 Climate events could adversely impact our operations or those of our customers or suppliers. 
 Severe weather events in the areas in which we or our customers or suppliers operate, such as hurricanes, floods and prolonged periods of cold weather, whether from climate change or otherwise, can cause disruptions and, in some cases, delays in, or suspension of, our operations and those of our customers or suppliers. Seasonal differences in weather in the areas in which we operate, most notably in the Rocky Mountain and Northeast regions of the United States, where severe winter weather conditions occur, can also restrict our operations and those of our customers or suppliers. In addition, summer and fall completion and drilling activity can be restricted due to hurricanes and other storms prevalent in the Gulf of Mexico and along the Gulf Coast. As a result of these seasonal differences, full year results are not likely to be a direct multiple of any particular quarter or combination of quarters. 
 Many forecasters also believe that potential climate changes may have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events, as well as chronic shifts in temperature and precipitation patterns, which could have an adverse effect on our or our customers' or suppliers' operations. These climatic developments have the potential to also cause physical damage to our assets or delays to our supply chains, which may have an adverse effect on our operations. 
 Any unusual or prolonged severe weather or increased frequency thereof in our or customers' areas of operations or markets, whether due to climate change or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Adverse climate events could also affect our third-party suppliers, which could limit their ability to provide us with the necessary products or raw materials to maintain operations of our facilities or services. Our planning for normal climatic variation, insurance programs and emergency recovery plans may inadequately mitigate the effects of such weather conditions, and not all such effects can be predicted, eliminated or insured against. Additionally, changing meteorological conditions, particularly temperature, may result in changes to the amount, timing or location of demand for energy or the products our customer produce, which may impact demand for our products and services. 
 -19- 

Financial Risks 
 We may be unable to access the capital and credit markets or borrow on affordable terms to obtain additional capital that we may require. 
 We rely on our liquidity to pay our operating and capital expenditures, interest and principal payments on debt, taxes and other similar costs. Historically, we have sought to finance the operation of our business primarily with cash on-hand and cash provided by operating activities, but we have also relied on capital from the bank and capital markets. The COVID-19 pandemic initially resulted in significant disruption to and volatility in the global financial markets. For companies like ours in the energy industry, this market disruption significantly impacted the value of our common stock and reduced our ability to access capital in the bank and capital markets. Further outbreaks or the emergence of new strains of the COVID-19 virus could result in the return of these conditions, which could negatively affect our liquidity and our ability to fund our operations. In addition, a recession or long-term market correction could further negatively impact the value of our common stock, our access to capital or our liquidity or ability to generate cash from operations in the near and long-term. If we are unable to access the bank and capital markets on favorable terms, or if we are not successful in raising capital at an attractive cost within the time period required or at all, we may not be able to grow or maintain our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We may be adversely affected by the effects of inflation. 
 Inflation in wages, materials, parts, equipment and other costs has the potential to adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position by increasing our overall cost structure, particularly if we are unable to achieve commensurate increases in the prices we charge our customers for our products and services. In addition, the existence of inflation in the economy has and may continue to result in higher interest rates, which could result in higher borrowing costs, supply shortages, increased costs of labor, weakening exchange rates and other similar effects. 
 Backlog in our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment is subject to unexpected adjustments and cancellations and, therefore, has limitations as an indicator of our future revenues and earnings. 
 The revenues projected in our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment backlog may not be realized or, if realized, may not result in profits. Because of potential changes in the scope or schedule of our customers' projects, we cannot predict with certainty when or if backlog will be realized. Material delays, cancellations or payment defaults could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 
 Some of the contracts in our backlog are cancellable by the customer, subject to the payment of termination fees and/or the reimbursement of our costs incurred. We typically have no contractual right to the total revenues reflected in our backlog once a project is canceled. While backlog cancellations have not been significant in the past, we incurred cancellations totaling 3.5 million and 1.8 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. If commodity prices decline, we may incur additional cancellations or experience declines in our backlog. 
 We may assume contractual risks in developing, manufacturing and delivering products in our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment. 
 Many of our products from our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment are ordered by customers under frame agreements or project-specific contracts. In many cases these contracts stipulate a fixed price for the delivery of our products and impose liquidated damages or late delivery fees if we do not meet specific customer deadlines. Our actual costs, and any gross profit realized on these fixed-price contracts, may vary from the expected contract economics for various reasons, including but not limited to: 
 errors or omissions in estimates or bidding; 
 changes in availability and cost of materials and labor, including from price inflation and supply chain disruptions; 
 failures of our suppliers to deliver materials and other goods that comply with our specifications; 
 variations in productivity from our original estimates; 
 changes in tariffs or tax regimes; and 
 material changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 These variations and the risks inherent in our projects may result in reduced profitability or losses on projects. Depending on the size of a project, variations from estimated contract performance could have a material adverse impact on our operating results. 
 -20- 

In addition, there are other risks and liabilities associated with these contracts, such as consequential damages payable (generally as a result of our gross negligence or willful misconduct), unforeseen technical or logistical challenges in fulfilling the contracts, or warranty claims, any of which could result in our not being fully or properly compensated for the cost to develop, design, and manufacture the final product and resulting in a significant impact on our reported operating results as we progress towards completion of major jobs. 
 Exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our U.S. reported results of operations and financial position. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we enter into purchase and sales commitments that are denominated in currencies that differ from the functional currency used by our operating subsidiaries. Currency exchange rate fluctuations can create volatility in our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. Although we may enter into foreign exchange agreements with financial institutions in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, these transactions, if entered into, will not eliminate that risk entirely. To the extent that we are unable to match revenues received in foreign currencies with expenses paid in the same currency, exchange rate fluctuations could have a negative impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, and/or cash flows. Additionally, because our consolidated financial results are reported in U.S. dollars, if we generate net revenues or earnings in countries whose currency is not the U.S. dollar, the translation of such amounts into U.S. dollars can result in an increase or decrease in the amount of our net revenues and earnings depending upon exchange rate movements. As a result, a material decrease in the value of these currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may have a negative impact on our reported results of operations and cash flows. Any currency controls implemented by local monetary authorities in countries where we currently operate could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Given the cyclical nature of our business, a severe prolonged downturn could negatively affect the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 As of December 31, 2022, goodwill and other intangible assets represented 7 and 16 , respectively, of our total assets. We record goodwill when the consideration we pay in acquiring a business exceeds the fair market value of the tangible and separately measurable intangible net assets of that business. We are required to at least annually review the goodwill and other intangible assets of our applicable reporting units (Offshore/Manufactured Products, Completion Services and Downhole Technologies) for impairment in value and to recognize a non-cash charge against earnings causing a corresponding decrease in stockholders' equity if circumstances, some of which are beyond our control, indicate that the carrying amounts will not be recoverable. 
 In the first quarter of 2020, we recognized aggregate goodwill impairment charges of 406.1 million in our three reporting units due to, among other factors, the significant decline in our stock price and that of our peers and reduced growth rate expectations given weak energy market conditions resulting from the demand destruction caused by the global response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 While no additional provisions for impairment were identified during our subsequent annual assessments, it is possible that we could recognize goodwill or other intangible assets impairment losses in the future if, among other factors: 
 global economic and industry conditions deteriorate; 
 the outlook for future profits and cash flow for any of our reporting units deteriorate as the result of many possible factors, including, but not limited to, increased or unanticipated competition, lack of technological development, reductions in customer capital spending plans, loss of key personnel or customers, adverse legal or regulatory judgment(s), future operating losses at a reporting unit, downward forecast revisions, or restructuring plans; 
 costs of equity or debt capital increase further; 
 laws, executive actions or regulatory initiatives are imposed, which significantly restrict, delay or otherwise reduce the drilling, completion and production of oil and natural gas wells; 
 U.S. and/or foreign income tax rates increase, or regulations change; 
 valuations for comparable public companies or comparable acquisition valuations deteriorate; or 
 our stock price experiences a sustained decline. 
 -21- 

Legal or Regulatory Risks 
 We do business in international jurisdictions which exposes us to unique risks. 
 A portion of our revenue and net assets are attributable to operations in countries outside the United States. Risks associated with our international operations include, but are not limited to: 
 expropriation, confiscation or nationalization of assets; 
 renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts; 
 foreign capital controls or similar monetary or exchange limitations; 
 foreign currency fluctuations; 
 foreign taxation; 
 tariffs and duties on imported and exported goods; 
 the inability to repatriate earnings or capital in a tax efficient manner; 
 changing political conditions; 
 economic or trade sanctions; 
 changing foreign and domestic monetary and trade policies; 
 regulatory restrictions or controls more stringently applied or enforced; 
 changes in trade activity; 
 military or social situations, such as a widespread outbreak of an illness such as COVID-19 or other public health issues, in foreign areas where we do business, and the possibilities of war, other armed conflict or terrorist attacks; and 
 regional economic downturns. 
 Additionally, in some jurisdictions we are subject to foreign governmental regulations favoring or requiring the awarding of contracts to local contractors, or requiring foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These regulations may adversely affect our ability to compete in such jurisdictions. 
 The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the "FCPA"), and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions, including the United Kingdom Bribery Act 2010, generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices and impact our business. Any failure to comply with the FCPA or other anti-bribery legislation could subject us to civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could also face fines, sanctions, and other penalties from authorities in the relevant foreign jurisdictions, including prohibition of our participating in, or curtailment of, business operations in those jurisdictions and the seizure of assets. Additionally, we may have competitors who are not subject to the same ethics-related laws and regulations which provides them with a competitive advantage over us by securing business awards, licenses, or other preferential treatment, in those jurisdictions using methods that certain ethics-related laws and regulations prohibit us from using. 
 The regulatory regimes in some foreign countries may be substantially different than those in the United States, and may be unfamiliar to U.S. investors. Violations of foreign laws could result in monetary and criminal penalties against us or our subsidiaries and could damage our reputation and, therefore, our ability to do business. 
 The ultimate impact of recent changes to tariffs and duties imposed by the United States and other countries is uncertain. We use a variety of domestically produced and imported raw materials and component products, including steel, in the manufacture of our products. In 2018, the United States imposed tariffs on a variety of imported products, including steel and aluminum. In response to the U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum, the European Union and several other countries, including Canada and China, have threatened and/or imposed retaliatory tariffs. The effect of these tariffs and the application and interpretation of existing trade agreements and customs, anti-dumping and countervailing duty regulations continues to evolve, and we continue to monitor these matters. If we encounter difficulty in procuring these raw materials and component products, or if the prices we have to pay for these products increase further as a result of customs, anti-dumping and countervailing duty regulations or otherwise, and we are unable to pass corresponding cost increases on to our customers, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, uncertainty with respect to potential costs in the drilling and completion of oil and gas wells could cause our customers to delay or cancel planned projects which, if this occurred, would adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. See Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K for further discussion. 
 -22- 

Explosive incidents arising out of dangerous materials used in our business could disrupt operations and result in bodily injuries and property damages, which occurrences could have a material adverse effect our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 
 Our Downhole Technologies segment operations include the licensing, storage and handling of explosive materials that are subject to regulation by the ATF and analogous state agencies. Despite our use of specialized facilities to store and handle dangerous materials and our performance of employee training programs, the storage and handling of explosive materials could result in explosive incidents that temporarily shut down or otherwise disrupt our or our customers' operations or could cause restrictions, delays or cancellations in the delivery of our services. It is possible that such incidents could result in death or significant injuries to employees and other persons. Material property damage to us, our customers and third parties arising from an explosion or resulting fire could also occur. Any explosion could expose us to adverse publicity and liability for damages or cause production restrictions, delays or cancellations, any of which occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows. Moreover, failure to comply with any applicable existing or newly established requirements, or the occurrence of an explosive incident, may also result in the loss of our ATF or analogous state license to store and handle explosives, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not have adequate insurance for potential liabilities and our insurance may not cover certain liabilities, including litigation risks. 
 The products that we manufacture and the services that we provide are complex, and the failure of our equipment to operate properly or to meet specifications may greatly increase our customers' costs. In addition, many of these products are used in inherently hazardous applications where an accident or product failure can cause personal injury or loss of life, damages to property, equipment, or the environment, regulatory investigations and penalties, and the suspension or cancellation of the end-user's operations. If our products or services fail to meet specifications, or are involved in accidents or failures, we could face warranty, contract, or other litigation claims for which we may be held responsible and our reputation for providing quality products may suffer. In the ordinary course of business, we become the subject of various claims, lawsuits, and administrative proceedings, seeking damages or other remedies concerning our commercial operations, products, employees, and other matters, including occasional claims by individuals alleging exposure to hazardous materials as a result of our products or operations. Some of these claims relate to the activities of businesses that we have sold, and some relate to the activities of businesses that we have acquired, even though these activities may have occurred prior to our acquisition of such businesses. 
 We maintain insurance to cover many of our potential losses, and we are subject to various self-retentions and deductibles under our insurance policies. It is possible, however, that a judgment could be rendered against us in cases in which we could be uninsured and beyond the amounts that we currently have reserved or anticipate incurring for such matters. Even a partially uninsured or underinsured claim, if successful and of significant size, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or consolidated financial position. We also face the following other risks related to our insurance coverage: 
 we may not be able to continue to obtain insurance on commercially reasonable terms; 
 we may be faced with types of liabilities that will not be covered by our insurance, such as damages from environmental contamination, fines and penalties imposed for failure to comply with applicable law, terrorist attacks or acts of war; 
 the counterparties to our insurance contracts may pose credit risks; and 
 we may incur losses from interruption of our business or cybersecurity attacks that exceed our insurance coverage. 
 We might be unable to protect our intellectual property rights and we may be subject to litigation if another party claims that we have infringed upon its intellectual property rights. 
 We rely on a variety of intellectual property rights that we use in our businesses, including our patents and proprietary rights relating to our FlexJoint , Merlin , STRATX , Evolv and SmartStart Plus technologies, and intervention and downhole extended-reach tools (including our HydroPull tool) utilized in the completion or workover of oil and natural gas wells. The market success of our technologies will depend, in part, on our ability to obtain and enforce our proprietary rights in these technologies, to preserve rights in our trade secret and non-public information. We may not be able to successfully preserve these intellectual property rights and these rights could be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. In addition, we may be required to expend significant amounts of money pursuing and defending our intellectual property rights, and these proceedings may not ultimately be successful. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries in which our products and services may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If any of our patents or other intellectual property rights are determined to be invalid or unenforceable, or if a court or other tribunal limits the scope of claims in a patent or fails to recognize our trade secret rights, our competitive advantages could be significantly reduced in the relevant technology, allowing competition for our customer base to increase, adversely affecting our competitive position. 
 -23- 

In addition, the tools, techniques, methodologies, programs and components we use to provide our products and services may infringe, or be alleged to infringe, upon the intellectual property rights of others. Infringement claims generally result in significant legal and other costs, and may distract us from running our core business. Royalty payments under a license from third parties, if available, would increase our costs. If a license was not available, we might not be able to continue providing a particular service or product. Any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Laws, regulations and other executive actions or regulatory initiatives regarding hydraulic fracturing could increase our costs of doing business and result in additional operating restrictions, delays or cancellations in the completion of oil and natural gas wells, or possible bans on the performance of hydraulic fracturing that may reduce demand for our products and services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Although we do not directly engage in hydraulic fracturing, a material portion of our operations support many of our oil and natural gas exploration and production customers in such activities. There exists federal regulatory initiatives and various state laws and regulations that have increased, and have the potential to further increase, the regulatory burden imposed on hydraulic fracturing. Moreover, there also exists, under the Biden Administration, the potential for new or amended laws, regulations, executive actions and other regulatory initiatives that could impose more stringent restrictions on hydraulic fracturing, including potential restrictions on hydraulic fracturing on federal lands. The Biden Administration has taken several actions intended to suspend or limit oil and gas leasing on federal lands and waters, though these actions have been subject to legal challenge. Moreover, further or different constraints may be adopted by the Biden Administration in the future, including but not limited to a delay in permitting procedures, which may reduce the desirability or viability of projects on federals lands or waters. See "Part I, Item 1. Business Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters Hydraulic Fracturing" for more discussion on these matters. The occurrence of any one or more of these developments with respect to hydraulic fracturing in areas where our oil and natural gas exploration and production customers operate could result in potentially significant added costs to comply with requirements relating to permitting, construction, financial assurance, monitoring, recordkeeping, and/or plugging and abandonment. In addition, they could experience restrictions, delays or cancellations in the pursuit of production or development activities. Any of the foregoing could reduce demand for the products and services of one or more of our business segments and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In countries outside of the United States, including provincial, regional, tribal or local jurisdictions therein where we conduct operations, there may exist similar governmental restrictions or controls on our customers' hydraulic fracturing activities, which, if such restrictions or controls exist or are adopted in the future, our customers may incur significant costs to comply with such requirements or may experience restrictions, delays or cancellations in the permitting or pursuit of their operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Legislative and regulatory initiatives related to induced seismicity could result in operating restrictions or delays in the drilling and completion of oil and natural gas wells that may reduce demand for our products and services and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Our oil and natural gas producing customers dispose of flowback water or certain other oilfield fluids gathered from oil and natural gas producing operations in accordance with permits issued by government authorities overseeing such disposal activities. In recent years, wells in the United States used for the disposal by injection of flowback water or certain other oilfield fluids below ground into non-producing formations have been associated with an increased number of seismic events. In response, regulators in states in which our customers operate have adopted additional requirements related to seismicity and its potential association with hydraulic fracturing. See "Part I, Item 1. Business Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters" for more discussion on these seismicity matters. The introduction of new environmental laws and regulations related to the disposal of wastes associated with the exploration or production of hydrocarbons could limit or prohibit the ability of our customers to utilize underground injection wells. As a result, our customers may have to limit disposal well volumes, disposal rates or locations and, in some instances those customers, or third-party disposal well operators that are used by those customers to dispose of the customers' wastewater, may be obligated to shut down disposal wells, which developments could adversely affect our customers' business and result in a corresponding decrease in the need for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 -24- 

Imposition of laws, executive actions or regulatory initiatives to restrict, delay or cancel leasing, permitting or drilling activities in deepwaters of the United States or foreign countries may reduce demand for our services and products and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 A significant portion of our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment provides products and services for oil and natural gas exploration and production customers operating offshore in the deepwaters of the United States and in other countries. To a lesser extent, our Well Site Services and Downhole Technologies segments also provide equipment and services to customers operating offshore in the deepwaters of the United States and in other countries. President Biden has issued an executive order that commits to substantial action on climate change, calling for, among other things, the elimination of subsidies provided to the fossil fuel industry and an increased emphasis on climate-related risks across government agencies and economic sectors. President Biden may pursue additional executive orders, new legislation and regulatory initiatives to further implement his regulatory agenda beyond the IRA 2022. Additionally, regulatory agencies under the Biden Administration may issue new or amended rulemakings regarding deepwater leasing, permitting or drilling that could result in more stringent or costly restrictions, delays or cancellations in offshore oil and natural gas exploration and production activities, such as the Biden Administration's suspension of the issuance of authorizations for oil and gas activities. See "Part I, Item 1. Business Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters" for more discussion on deepwater regulatory matters. 
 Any new legislation, executive actions or regulatory initiatives, whether in the United States or in other countries, that impose increased costs, more stringent operational standards or result in significant delays, cancellations or disruptions in our customers' operations, increase the risk of losing leasing or permitting opportunities, expired leases due to the time required to develop new technology, increased supplemental bonding costs, or cause our customers to incur penalties, fines, or shut-in production at one or more of their facilities, any or all of which could reduce demand for our products and services. Also, if material spill events were to occur in the future, the United States or other countries where such an event were to occur could elect to issue directives to temporarily cease drilling activities and, in any event, may from time to time issue further safety and environmental laws and regulations regarding offshore oil and natural gas exploration and development, any of which developments could have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict with any certainty the full impact of any new laws, regulations, executive actions or regulatory initiatives on our customers' drilling operations or the opportunity to pursue such operations, or on the cost or availability of insurance to cover the risks associated with such operations. The matters described above, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that may expose us to significant costs and liabilities. 
 Our operations and those of our customers in the United States and in foreign countries are subject to stringent federal, state and local legal requirements governing environmental protection. These requirements may take the form of laws, regulations, executive actions and various other legal initiatives. See "Part I, Item 1. Business Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters" for more discussion on these matters. 
 Compliance with these regulations and other regulatory initiatives, or any other new environmental laws and regulations could, among other things, require us or our customers to install new or modified emission controls on equipment or processes, incur longer permitting timelines, and incur increased capital or operating expenditures, which costs may be significant. Additionally, one or more of these developments that impact our oil and natural gas exploration and production customers could reduce demand for our products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 An accidental release of pollutants into the environment may cause us to incur significant costs and liabilities. 
 Our business activities present risks of incurring significant environmental costs and liabilities in our business as a result of our handling of petroleum hydrocarbons, because of air emissions and wastewater discharges related to our operations, and due to historical industry operations and waste disposal practices. Additionally, private parties, including the owners or operators of properties upon which we perform services and facilities where our wastes are taken for reclamation or disposal, also may have the right to pursue legal actions to enforce compliance as well as to seek damages for non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations or for personal injury or property or natural resource damages. Some environmental laws and regulations may impose strict liability, which means that in some situations we could be exposed to liability as a result of our conduct that was lawful at the time it occurred or the conduct of, or conditions caused by prior owners or operators of properties or other third parties. Remedial costs and other damages, including natural resources damages arising as a result of environmental laws and costs associated with changes in environmental laws and regulations could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, results of operations and financial condition. We may not be able to recover some or any of these costs from insurance. 
 -25- 

We could incur significant costs in complying with stringent occupational health and safety requirements. 
 We are subject to stringent federal and state laws and regulations, including the federal Occupational Safety and Health Act and comparable state statutes, whose purpose is to protect the health and safety of workers, both generally and within the Offshore Manufactured Products, Well Site Services and Downhole Technologies business segments. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community right-to-know regulations under Title III of the Federal Superfund Amendment and Reauthorization Act and comparable state statutes require that information be maintained concerning hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. We are also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. See "Part I. Item I. Business Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters" for more discussion on these matters. 
 We have incurred and will continue to incur operating and capital expenditures to comply with occupational health and safety laws and regulations. Historically these costs have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future or that such future compliance will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. 
 Our and our customers' operations are subject to a series of risks arising out of the threat of climate change that could result in increased operating costs, limit the areas in which oil and natural gas production may occur, and reduce demand for the products and services we provide. 
 The threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the United States and in foreign countries. Numerous proposals have been made and could continue to be made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit existing emissions of GHGs as well as to restrict or eliminate such future emissions. As a result, our operations as well as the operations of our oil and natural gas exploration and production customers are subject to a series of regulatory, political, financial and litigation risks associated with the production and processing of fossil fuels and emission of GHGs. See "Part I, Item 1. Business Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Matters" for more discussion on these risks. 
 The adoption and implementation of new or more stringent international, federal or state executive actions, legislation, regulations or regulatory initiatives that impose more stringent standards for GHG emissions from the oil and natural gas sector or otherwise restrict the areas in which this sector may produce oil and natural gas or generate GHG emissions could result in increased costs of compliance or costs of consuming fossil fuels. Such legislation or regulations could result in increased costs of compliance or costs of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for oil and natural gas, which could reduce demand for our services and products. Additionally, political, financial, reputational and litigation risks may result in our oil and natural gas customers restricting or canceling production activities, incurring liability for infrastructure damages as a result of climatic changes, or impairing the ability to continue to operate in an economic manner, which also could reduce demand for our services and products. One or more of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operation. Moreover, the increased competitiveness of alternative energy sources (such as wind, solar, geothermal, tidal and biofuels), and government grants, incentives and subsidies such as those contained in the IRA 2022, could reduce demand for hydrocarbons, and therefore demand for our products and services, which would lead to a reduction in our revenues. 
 The ESA, the Migratory Bird Treaty Act and other laws intended to protect certain species of wildlife govern our and our oil and natural gas exploration and production customers' operations, which constraints could have an adverse impact on our ability to expand some of our existing operations or limit our customers' ability to develop new oil and natural gas wells. 
 In the United States, the ESA and comparable state laws were established to protect endangered and threatened species. Under the ESA, if a species is listed as threatened or endangered, restrictions may be imposed on activities adversely affecting that species' habitat. Similar protections are offered to migratory birds under the Migratory Bird Treaty Act ("MBTA"). The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service ("FWS") under former President Trump issued a final rule on January 7, 2021, which notably clarifies that criminal liability under the MBTA will apply only to actions "directed at" migratory birds, their nests, or their eggs; however, in October 2021, the FWS under the Biden Administration revoked the Trump Administration's rule on incidental take and published an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking to codify a general prohibition on incidental take while establishing a process to regulate or permit exceptions to such a prohibition. Oil and natural gas operations in our operating areas may be adversely affected by seasonal or permanent restrictions on drilling and completion activities designed to protect various wildlife, which may limit our ability to operate in protected areas. Permanent restrictions imposed to protect endangered and threatened species could prohibit drilling and completion activities in certain areas or require the implementation of expensive mitigation measures. 
 -26- 

Moreover, the FWS may make determinations on the listing of numerous species as endangered or threatened under the ESA. For example, the FWS recently published a rule listing two distinct population segments of the lesser prairie-chicken under the ESA, a species found in some states where we operate, including Texas, Oklahoma and Colorado. The designation of previously unidentified endangered or threatened species could indirectly cause us to incur additional costs, cause our or our oil and natural gas exploration and production customers' operations to become subject to operating restrictions or bans, and limit future development activity in affected areas, which could reduce demand for our products and services to those customers. 
 Increasing attention to ESG matters may impact our business. 
 Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to their ESG practices. Companies which do not adapt to or comply with investor or stakeholder expectations and standards, which are evolving, or which are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, regardless of whether there is a legal requirement to do so, may suffer from reputational damage and the business, financial condition, and/or stock price of such a company could be materially and adversely affected. Increasing attention to climate change, increasing societal expectations on companies to address climate change, and potential consumer use of substitutes to energy commodities may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our customers' hydrocarbon products and our services, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our stock price and access to capital markets, or ability to attract and retain a talented workforce. Increasing attention to climate change, for example, may result in demand shifts for our customers' hydrocarbon products and additional governmental investigations and private litigation against those customers. 
 Our Board of Directors' Nominating, Governance and Sustainability Committee is responsible for overseeing and managing our ESG initiatives. Committee members review the implementation and effectiveness of our ESG programs and policies. Through end-of-year 2022, we have sought to strengthen our ESG performance through certain voluntary operational strategies, including, for example (i) pursuing a goal to reduce GHG emissions generated by us; (ii) seeking to co-locate certain of our facilities and common processes, where feasible, to minimize our GHG emission impacts; (iii) pursuing the implementation of alternative energy systems (for example, solar power) at certain of our facilities, where applicable; (iv) seeking to identify and select low-impact energy providers, where geographically available; (v) evaluating the addition of an onboard system for our trucks that would link to integral vehicle systems to reduce vehicle idling time on work locations; and (vi) purchasing alternative fueled vehicles to reduce carbon-based emissions and improved technology offerings, as fleet replacements occur from time to time, among others. Despite our governance, however, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to implement any of the opportunities we may review or explore, or, for any opportunities we do choose to implement, to implement them within a specific timeframe or across all operational assets. Moreover, we note that even with our governance oversight in place, we may not be able to adequately identify or manage ESG-related risks and opportunities, which may include failing to achieve ESG-related strategies and goals. Also, despite these aspirational goals, we may receive pressure from investors, lenders or other groups to adopt more aggressive climate or other ESG-related goals, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to implement such goals because of changes in activity levels, potential costs or technical or operational obstacles. In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Currently, there are no universal standards for such scores or ratings, but the importance of sustainability evaluations is becoming more broadly accepted by investors and stockholders. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Additionally, certain investors use these scores to benchmark companies against their peers and if a company is perceived as lagging, these investors may engage with companies to require improved ESG disclosure or performance. Moreover, certain members of the broader investment community may consider a company's sustainability score as a reputational or other factor in making an investment decision. Consequently, a low sustainability score could result in exclusion of our stock from consideration by certain investment funds, engagement by investors seeking to improve such scores and a negative perception of our operations by certain investors. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could accelerate the transition to a low carbon economy and could impose new costs on our customers' operations. 
 In August 2022, President Biden signed the IRA 2022 into law. The IRA 2022 contains hundreds of billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration, amongst other provisions. These incentives could further accelerate the transition of the economy away from the use of fossil fuels towards lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives, which could decrease demand for oil and gas and consequently adversely affect the business of our customers, thereby reducing demand for our services. In addition, the IRA 2022 imposes the first ever federal fee on the emission of greenhouse gases through a methane emissions charge. The IRA 2022 amends the federal CAA to impose a fee on the emission of methane from sources required to report their GHG emissions to the EPA, including those sources in the offshore and onshore petroleum and natural gas production and gathering and boosting source categories. The methane emissions charge is scheduled to start in 2024 at 900 per ton of 
 -27- 

methane, increase to 1,200 in 2025, and increase to 1,500 for 2026 and each year after. Calculation of the fee is based on certain thresholds established in the IRA 2022. The methane emissions charge could increase our customers' operating costs and adversely affect their businesses, thereby reducing demand for our products and services. 
 Changes to applicable tax laws and regulations may result in our incurring additional income tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 We are subject to various complex and evolving U.S. federal, state and local and foreign taxes. U.S. federal, state and local and foreign tax laws, policies, statutes, rules, regulations or ordinances could be interpreted, changed, modified or applied adversely to us, in each case, possibly with retroactive effect, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 We own and lease numerous manufacturing facilities, service centers, sales and administrative offices, storage yards and data processing centers in support of its worldwide operations. The following presents the location of our principal owned or leased facilities, by segment. 
 Offshore/Manufactured Products Rio de Janeiro and Macae, Brazil; Aberdeen and West Lothian, Scotland; Rayong, Thailand; Singapore; Navi Mumbai, India; Las Palmas, Spain; Shenzhen, China; Abu Dhabi, UAE; and in the United States: Arlington, Houston and Lampasas, Texas; Oklahoma City and Tulsa, Oklahoma and Houma, Louisiana. 
 Well Site Services Houston, Kilgore, Midland, and Orange Grove, Texas; New Iberia and Houma, Louisiana; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Canonsburg, Towanda and Watsontown, Pennsylvania; Casper and Rock Springs, Wyoming; Williston, North Dakota and Renton, Washington in the United States; and Red Deer, Alberta, Canada. 
 Downhole Technologies Nunn, Colorado; Millsap, Fort Worth, Pleasanton and Midland, Texas; and Clearfield, Pennsylvania in the United States; and Aberdeen, Scotland. 
 Our principal corporate offices are located in Houston, Texas. 
 We believe that our leases are at competitive or market rates and do not anticipate any difficulty in leasing additional suitable space upon the expiration of our current lease terms. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 Information regarding legal proceedings is set forth in Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies," of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 -28- 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Common Stock Information 
 Our authorized common stock consists of 200,000,000 shares of common stock. There were 63,903,819 shares of common stock outstanding as of February 10, 2023. The approximate number of record holders of our common stock as of February 10, 2023 was 200. Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE") under the ticker symbol "OIS". 
 We have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock since our initial public offering in 2001 and our ABL Facility limits the payment of dividends. For additional discussion of such restrictions, see "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on then existing conditions, including our financial condition, results of operations, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects and other factors that our Board of Directors considers relevant. 
 Performance Graph 
 The following graph and table compare the cumulative five-year total stockholder return on our common stock relative to the cumulative total returns of the Standard Poor's 500 Stock Index, the PHLX Oil Service Sector index, an index of oil and gas related companies that represent an industry composite of our peer group, and a customized peer group of thirteen, with the individual companies listed in footnote (2) below. The graph and chart show the value at the dates indicated of 100 invested as of December 31, 2017 and assume the reinvestment of all dividends. The stockholder return set forth below is not necessarily indicative of future performance. The following graph and related information shall not be deemed "soliciting material" or to be "filed" with the SEC, nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that Oil States specifically incorporates it by reference into such filing. 
 COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN (1) 
 Among Oil States International, Inc., the S P 500 Index, 
 the PHLX Oil Service Sector Index and our Peer Group (2) 
 
 -29- 

2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Oil States International, Inc. 100.00 50.46 57.63 17.74 17.56 26.36 Peer Group (2) 
 100.00 56.97 56.70 32.77 34.41 57.78 PHLX Oil Service Sector 100.00 54.78 54.48 31.56 38.10 61.53 S P 500 100.00 95.62 125.72 148.85 191.58 156.89 ____________________ 
 (1) 100 invested on December 31, 2017 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Fiscal year ended December 31. 
 (2) The thirteen companies included in our customized peer group are: Archrock, Inc., Core Laboratories N.V., Dril-Quip, Inc., Expro Group Holdings N.V., Forum Energy Technologies, Inc., Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc., Helmerich Payne, Inc., Newpark Resources, Inc., NexTier Oilfield Solutions Inc., Oceaneering International, Inc., RPC, Inc., Select Energy Services, Inc., and TETRA Technologies, Inc. 
 Information used in the graph and table was obtained from Research Data Group, Inc., a source believed to be reliable, but we are not responsible for any errors or omissions in such information. Used with permission. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchases 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (2) 
 October 1 through October 31, 2022 
 November 1 through November 30, 2022 
 December 1 through December 31, 2022 
 Total ____________________ 
 (1) No shares were purchased during the three-month period ended December 31, 2022. 
 (2) On February 16, 2023, our Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program of up to 25.0 million, which extends for two years. 
 
 Item 6. [Reserved] 
 
 ITEM 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes appearing in "Part II Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data." This section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K generally discusses 2022 and 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021. Discussions of 2020 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2021 and 2020 that are not included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K can be found in "Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 . This discussion contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are based on our current expectations, estimates and projections about our business operations. Our actual results may differ materially from those currently anticipated and expressed in such forward-looking statements as a result of numerous factors, including the known material factors set forth in "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors." You should read the following discussion and analysis together with our Consolidated Financial Statements and the notes to those statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10 K in order to understand factors, such as business combinations, charges and credit and financing transactions, which may impact comparability from period to period. 
 We provide a broad range of manufactured products and services to customers in the energy, industrial and military sectors through our Offshore/Manufactured Products, Well Site Services and Downhole Technologies segments. Demand for our products and services is cyclical and substantially dependent upon activity levels in the oil and gas industry, particularly our customers' willingness to invest capital in the exploration for and development of crude oil and natural gas reserves. Our customers' capital spending programs are generally based on their cash flows and their outlook for near-term and long-term commodity prices, making demand for our products and services sensitive to expectations regarding future crude oil and natural gas prices, as well as economic growth, commodity demand and estimates of resource production and regulatory pressures related to ESG considerations. 
 -30- 

Recent Developments 
 Demand for oil and natural gas has increased steadily from the lows experienced in 2020 as the impact of the global response to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to wane, with commodity prices also driven by declines in crude oil supplies, concerns over sanctions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and slower crude oil production growth due to reduced investments by operators globally in recent years. 
 The spot price of Brent crude oil averaged 101 per barrel during 2022, an increase of 43 from the 2021 average, but crude oil prices decreased toward the end of the third quarter and through the fourth quarter of 2022 in response to, among other things, the growing risk of a global recession, which raised concerns over future crude oil demand destruction, and expanding commodity inventories. 
 Brent and WTI crude oil and natural gas pricing trends were as follows: 
 Average Price (1) for quarter ended 
 Average Price (1) for year ended December 31 
 Year March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 Brent Crude (per bbl) 2022 100.87 113.84 100.71 88.77 100.99 2021 61.04 68.98 73.51 79.61 70.86 WTI Crude (per bbl) 2022 95.18 108.83 93.06 82.79 94.90 2021 58.09 66.19 70.58 77.33 68.14 Henry Hub Natural Gas (per MMBtu) 2022 4.67 7.50 8.03 5.55 6.45 2021 3.50 2.95 4.35 4.75 3.90 
 ________________ 
 (1) Source: U.S. Energy Information Administration (spot prices). 
 On February 10, 2023, Brent crude oil, WTI crude oil and natural gas spot prices closed at 85.46 per barrel, 79.74 per barrel and 2.37 per MMBtu, respectively. Additionally, as presented in more detail below, the U.S. drilling rig count reported on February 10, 2023 was 761 rigs slightly below the fourth quarter 2022 average. 
 In January 2022, we exited various underperforming domestic service lines within our Well Site Services segment. These service offerings generated revenues of approximately 20 million in 2021. The exit of these service lines improved our segment margins for 2022 despite tempering our reported revenue growth. 
 In March 2022, we recorded bad debt expense of 0.8 million related to receivables from Russia-based customers of our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment. As of March 31 and December 31, 2022, we had no remaining material balance sheet exposure related to Russia. 
 In April 2022, our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment acquired E-Flow, a global provider of fully integrated handling, control, monitoring and instrumentation solutions. E-Flow, founded in 1988, provides a broad range of engineering, design, manufacturing, installation and commissioning services to its customers in the energy industry. The purchase price of 8.1 million (net of cash acquired) was funded with cash on-hand. 
 In July 2022, we paid the GEO Seller 10.0 million in cash and issued approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock (having a market value of 10.3 million) to fully settle our disputes, including 19.7 million in principal and accrued interest due under the GEO Note. 
 In August 2022, our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment settled outstanding litigation against certain service providers in exchange for the receipt of cash totaling 6.9 million. We recognized a gain of 6.1 million in connection with this settlement. 
 Overview 
 Current and expected future pricing for WTI crude oil, along with expectations regarding the regulatory environment in the regions in which we operate, are factors that will continue to influence our customers' willingness to invest capital in their businesses. Expectations for the longer-term price for Brent crude oil will continue to influence our customers' spending related to global offshore drilling and development and, thus, a significant portion of the activity of our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment. 
 -31- 

Crude oil prices and levels of demand for crude oil are likely to remain highly volatile due to numerous factors, including: geopolitical conflicts (such as the direction and outcome of Russia's invasion of Ukraine) and international tensions; sanctions; the perceived risk of a global economic recession; global uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic; domestic or international crude oil production; changes in governmental rules and regulations; the willingness of operators to invest capital in the exploration for and development of resources; use of alternative fuels; improved vehicle fuel efficiency; a more sustained movement to electric vehicles; and the potential for ongoing supply/demand imbalances. Capital investment by our customers temporarily declined due to these factors and the desire to generate sustainable cash flows. 
 Customer spending in the natural gas shale plays has been limited due to technological advancements that have led to significant amounts of natural gas being produced from prolific basins in the Northeastern United States and from associated gas produced from the drilling and completion of unconventional oil wells in the United States. 
 U.S. drilling, completion and production activity and, in turn, our financial results, are sensitive to near-term fluctuations in commodity prices, particularly WTI crude oil prices, given the short-term, call-out nature of our U.S. operations. 
 Our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment provides technology-driven, highly-engineered products and services for offshore oil and natural gas production systems and facilities globally, as well as certain products and services to the offshore and land-based drilling and completion markets. This segment also produces a variety of products for use in industrial, military and other applications outside the traditional energy industry. Additionally, we are investing in research, have been awarded select contracts and are bidding on additional projects that facilitate the development of alternative energy sources, including offshore wind and deepsea mineral gathering opportunities. This segment is particularly influenced by global spending on deepwater drilling and production, which is primarily driven by our customers' longer-term commodity demand forecasts and outlook for crude oil and natural gas prices. Approximately 41 of Offshore/Manufactured Products segment sales in 2022 were driven by our customers' capital spending for products used in exploratory and developmental drilling, greenfield offshore production infrastructure, and subsea pipeline tie-in and repair system applications, along with upgraded equipment for existing offshore drilling rigs and other vessels (referred to herein as "project-driven products"). Deepwater oil and gas development projects typically involve significant capital investments and multi-year development plans. Such projects are generally undertaken by larger exploration, field development and production companies (primarily international oil companies and state-run national oil companies) using relatively conservative crude oil and natural gas pricing assumptions. Given the long lead times associated with field development, we believe some of these deepwater projects, once approved for development, are generally less susceptible to change based on short-term fluctuations in the price of crude oil and natural gas. 
 Backlog reported by our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment increased to 308 million as of December 31, 2022 from 260 million as of December 31, 2021. Bookings totaled 435 million in 2022, yielding a book-to-bill ratio of 1.1x. The following table sets forth backlog as of the dates indicated (in millions). 
 Backlog as of Year March 31 June 30 September 30 December 31 2022 265 241 258 308 2021 226 214 249 260 2020 267 235 227 219 
 Our Well Site Services segment provides completion services and, to a much lesser extent, land drilling services, in the United States (including the Gulf of Mexico) and the rest of the world. U.S. drilling and completion activity and, in turn, our Well Site Services results, are sensitive to near-term fluctuations in commodity prices, particularly WTI crude oil prices, given the short-term, call-out nature of its operations. We primarily supply equipment and service personnel utilized in the completion of and initial production from new and recompleted wells in our U.S. operations, which are dependent primarily upon the level and complexity of drilling, completion and workover activity in our areas of operations. Well intensity and complexity have increased with the continuing transition to multi-well pads, the drilling of longer lateral wells and increased downhole pressures, along with the increased number of frac stages completed in horizontal wells. 
 -32- 

Our Downhole Technologies segment provides oil and gas perforation systems, downhole tools and services in support of completion, intervention, wireline and well abandonment operations. This segment designs, manufactures and markets its consumable engineered products to oilfield service as well as exploration and production companies. Product and service offerings for this segment include innovations in perforation technology through patented and proprietary systems combined with advanced modeling and analysis tools. This expertise has led to the optimization of perforation hole size, depth, and quality of tunnels, which are key factors for maximizing the effectiveness of hydraulic fracturing. Additional offerings include proprietary frac plug and toe valve products, which are focused on zonal isolation for hydraulic fracturing of horizontal wells, and a broad range of consumable products, such as setting tools and bridge plugs, that are used in completion, intervention and decommissioning applications. Demand drivers for the Downhole Technologies segment include continued trends toward longer lateral lengths, increased frac stages and more perforation clusters to target increased unconventional well productivity, which requires ongoing technological and product developments. 
 Demand for our completion-related products and services within each of our segments is highly correlated to changes in the total number of wells drilled in the United States, total footage drilled, the number of drilled wells that are completed and changes in the drilling rig count. The following table sets forth a summary of the U.S. and international drilling rig count, as measured by Baker Hughes Company, as of and for the periods indicated. 
 As of February 10, 2023 
 Average for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 United States Rig Count: Land Oil 589 557 365 Land Natural gas and other 152 148 98 Offshore 20 18 15 761 723 478 International Rig Count: Land 821 707 Offshore 205 179 1,026 886 1,749 1,364 
 The U.S. energy industry is primarily focused on crude oil and liquids-rich exploration and development activities in U.S. shale plays utilizing horizontal drilling and completion techniques. As of December 31, 2022, oil-directed drilling accounted for 80 of the total U.S. rig count with the balance largely natural gas related. As can be derived from the table above, the average U.S. rig count for 2022 increased by 245 rigs, or 51 , compared to the average for 2021. 
 We use a variety of domestically produced and imported raw materials and component products, including steel, in the manufacture of our products. The United States has imposed tariffs on a variety of imported products, including steel and aluminum. In response to the U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum, the European Union and several other countries, including Canada and China, have threatened and/or imposed retaliatory tariffs. In addition, in response to Russia s invasion of Ukraine, governments in the European Union, the United States, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and other countries have enacted sanctions against Russia and Russian interests. The effect of these sanctions and tariffs and the application and interpretation of existing trade agreements and customs, anti-dumping and countervailing duty regulations continue to evolve, and we continue to monitor these matters. If we encounter difficulty in procuring these raw materials and component products, or if the prices we have to pay for these products increase and we are unable to pass corresponding cost increases on to our customers, our financial position, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, uncertainty with respect to potential costs in the drilling and completion of oil and gas wells could cause our customers to delay or cancel planned projects which, if this occurred, would adversely affect our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. 
 Other factors that can affect our business and financial results include but are not limited to: the general global economic environment; competitive pricing pressures; public health crises; natural disasters; labor market constraints; supply chain disruptions; inflation in wages, materials, parts, equipment and other costs; climate-related and other regulatory changes; geopolitical tensions; and changes in tax laws in the United States and international markets. We continue to monitor the global economy, the prices of and demand for crude oil and natural gas, and the resultant impact on the capital spending plans and operations of our customers in order to plan and manage our business. 
 -33- 

Selected Financial Data 
 This selected financial data should be read in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included in "Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and "Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in order to understand factors, such as charges, credits and financing transactions, which may impact the comparability of the selected financial data. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 The following summarizes our consolidated results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Variance Revenues: Products 385,564 299,293 86,271 Services 352,142 273,868 78,274 737,706 573,161 164,545 Costs and expenses: Product costs 307,371 246,589 60,782 Service costs 271,185 223,807 47,378 Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense presented below) (1) 
 578,556 470,396 108,160 Selling, general and administrative expenses 96,038 83,692 12,346 Depreciation and amortization expense 67,334 80,741 (13,407) Impairments of fixed and lease assets (2) 
 4,166 (4,166) Other operating income, net (3) 
 (7,127) (1,042) (6,085) 734,801 637,953 96,848 Operating income (loss) 2,905 (64,792) 67,697 Interest expense, net (10,280) (10,170) (110) Other income, net (4) 
 3,315 1,628 1,687 Loss before income taxes (4,060) (73,334) 69,274 Income tax (provision) benefit (5,480) 9,341 (14,821) Net loss (9,540) (63,993) 54,453 Net loss per share: Basic 
 (0.15) (1.06) Diluted 
 (0.15) (1.06) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic 
 61,638 60,293 Diluted 
 61,638 60,293 
 ________________ 
 (1) Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense) included non-cash inventory impairment charges of 3.6 million 2.1 million in product costs and 1.5 million in service costs) recognized in 2021. 
 (2) During 2021, we recognized non-cash impairment charges of 4.2 million to reduce the carrying value of certain fixed and operating lease assets to their estimated realizable value. 
 (3) During 2022, we recognized a gain of 6.1 million associated with the settlement of outstanding litigation. 
 (4) During 2021, we recognized a non-cash foreign currency loss of 9.3 million associated with the reclassification of unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments which were released upon the liquidation of an international operation and non-cash gains of 4.0 million in connection with our purchases of 131.4 million principal amount of our 1.50 Convertible Senior Notes Due 2023 (the "2023 Notes"). 
 See Note 4, "Asset Impairments and Other Charges and Benefits," Note 5, "Details of Selected Balance Sheet Accounts" and Note 7, "Long-term Debt," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of these and other charges and benefits recognized in 2022 and 2021. 
 -34- 

Segment Results of Operations 
 We manage and measure our business performance in three distinct operating segments: Offshore/Manufactured Products, Well Site Services and Downhole Technologies. Supplemental financial information by operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 is summarized below (in thousands): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Variance Revenues Offshore/Manufactured Products Project-driven products 158,040 122,097 35,943 Short-cycle products 92,152 65,174 26,978 Other products and services 131,531 111,458 20,073 Total Offshore/Manufactured Products 381,723 298,729 82,994 Well Site Services 231,189 170,940 60,249 Downhole Technologies 124,794 103,492 21,302 Total 737,706 573,161 164,545 Operating income (loss) Offshore/Manufactured Products (1) 
 45,268 15,447 29,821 Well Site Services (2) 
 4,865 (34,511) 39,376 Downhole Technologies (3) 
 (6,669) (13,470) 6,801 Corporate (40,559) (32,258) (8,301) Total 2,905 (64,792) 67,697 
 ________________ 
 (1) Operating income in 2022 included a gain of 6.1 million recognized in connection with the settlement of outstanding litigation. 
 (2) Operating loss in 2021 included non-cash fixed and operating lease asset impairment charges of 4.2 million and inventory impairment charges of 1.5 million. 
 (3) Operating loss in 2021 included a non-cash inventory impairment charge of 2.1 million. 
 See Note 4, "Asset Impairments and Other Charges and Benefits," and Note 5, "Details of Selected Balance Sheet Accounts," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of these and other charges and benefits recognized in 2022 and 2021. 
 -35- 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 We reported a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022 of 9.5 million, or 0.15 per share, which included a gain of 6.1 million 4.6 million after-tax, or 0.07 per share) recognized in connection with the settlement of a litigation matter. These results compare to a net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 64.0 million, or 1.06 per share. Reported results in 2021 included: non-cash impairment charges of 7.7 million 6.1 million after-tax, or 0.10 per share) associated with write-downs of inventories and fixed and lease assets; 7.5 million 5.9 million after-tax, or 0.10 per share) of severance and restructuring costs; a non-cash loss of 9.3 million 9.3 million after-tax, or 0.15 per share) reclassified from other comprehensive loss upon exit of an international operation; and non-cash gains of 4.0 million 3.2 million after-tax, or 0.05 per share) associated with convertible debt extinguishment. 
 Demand for most of our products and services increased throughout 2022 from the lows experienced in 2020 and 2021 due to the waning impact of the global response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which had adversely affected energy demand and prices. Increased capital investments by our customers, together with internal cost reduction and strict capital discipline measures and other corporate actions, resulted in significant improvements in our consolidated results in 2022. 
 During 2021, we recognized an aggregate 8.8 million reduction of payroll tax expense (recognized within cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expense) as part of the CARES Act employee retention credit program. 
 Revenues. Consolidated total revenues in 2022 increased 164.5 million, or 29 , from 2021. 
 Consolidated product revenues in 2022 increased 86.3 million, or 29 , from 2021, driven primarily by increased U.S. land-based customer activity and higher demand for project-related connector products. Consolidated service revenues in 2022 increased 78.3 million, or 29 , from 2021 due primarily to higher customer spending in the United States, partially offset by the exit of certain non-performing service offerings in January 2022 (which generated revenues of approximately 20 million in 2021). As can be derived from the following table, 61 of our consolidated revenues in 2022 were derived from sales of our short-cycle product and service offerings, which compares to 59 in the prior year. 
 The following table provides supplemental disaggregated revenue from contracts with customers by operating segment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (in thousands): 
 Offshore/ Manufactured Products Well Site Services Downhole Technologies Total Year Ended December 31 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 2022 2021 Major revenue categories - Project-driven products 158,040 122,097 158,040 122,097 Short-cycle: Completion products and services 60,350 41,640 210,584 160,881 124,794 103,492 395,728 306,013 Drilling services 20,605 10,059 20,605 10,059 Other products 31,802 23,534 31,802 23,534 Total short-cycle 92,152 65,174 231,189 170,940 124,794 103,492 448,135 339,606 Other products and services 131,531 111,458 131,531 111,458 381,723 298,729 231,189 170,940 124,794 103,492 737,706 573,161 
 Percentage of total revenue by type - Products 74 71 82 85 52 52 Services 26 29 100 100 18 15 48 48 
 Cost of Revenues (exclusive of Depreciation and Amortization Expense). Our consolidated total cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense) increased 108.2 million, or 23 , in 2022 compared to 2021, which included 3.6 million of non-cash inventory impairment charges. Excluding these charges, consolidated cost of revenues increased 111.7 million, or 24 , from the prior year. 
 Consolidated product costs in 2022 increased 60.8 million, or 25 , compared to 2021, which included 2.1 million in non-cash inventory impairment charges. Excluding these 2021 charges, consolidated product costs increased 62.9 million, or 26 , from the prior year due to the reported revenue growth and higher material, transportation, labor and other costs. Consolidated service costs in 2022 increased 47.4 million, or 21 , compared to 2021, which included 1.5 million in non-cash inventory impairment charges. Excluding these 2021 charges, consolidated service costs increased 48.8 million, or 22 , from the prior year due to the impact of higher customer activity levels and increased labor, material and other costs, partially offset by the impact of the January 2022 exit of certain non-performing service offerings. 
 -36- 

Selling, General and Administrative Expense. Selling, general and administrative expense increased 12.3 million, or 15 , in 2022 from 2021 due primarily to higher performance-based incentive compensation, professional services, bad debt and trade show expenses, partially offset by 3.7 million in severance and restructuring charges recognized in 2021. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense. Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 13.4 million, or 17 , in 2022 compared to the prior year, driven primarily by reduced capital investments made in our Well Site Services segment in recent years. Note 13, "Segments and Related Information," to our Consolidated Financial Statements presents depreciation and amortization expense by segment. 
 Impairments of Fixed and Lease Assets. During 2021, our Well Site Services segment recorded non-cash impairment charges of 4.2 million to reduce the carrying value of certain of the segment's fixed and operating lease assets to their estimated realizable value. 
 Other Operating Income, Net. Net other operating income for 2022 included a gain of 6.1 million recognized in connection with the settlement of outstanding litigation against certain service providers within our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment. 
 Operating Income (Loss). Our consolidated operating income was 2.9 million in 2022, which included the 6.1 million gain reported as other operating income, net (discussed above). This compares to a consolidated operating loss of 64.8 million recognized in 2021, which included 7.7 million of asset impairment charges and 7.5 million of severance and restructuring costs. 
 Interest Expense, Net. Net interest expense totaled 10.3 million in 2022, which compares to 10.2 million in 2021. Interest expense as a percentage of total debt outstanding was approximately 6 in 2022 and 5 in 2021. 
 Other Income, Net. Net other income for 2022 included a non-cash charge of 0.6 million recognized in connection with the settlement of disputes with the GEO Seller and non-cash gains of 0.2 million recognized in connection with our purchases of our 2023 Notes. Net other income for 2021 included gains of 6.5 million recognized on the disposal of assets and non-cash gains of 4.0 million recognized in connection with our purchases of our 2023 Notes. These 2021 gains were offset by a 9.3 million non-cash loss associated with the reclassification of unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments to net loss upon our liquidation of an international operation, which was previously recorded as a component of other comprehensive loss within stockholders equity. 
 Income Tax. For 2022, our income tax provision was 5.5 million on a pre-tax loss of 4.1 million, which included certain non-deductible expenses and discrete tax items. This compares to an income tax benefit of 9.3 million on a pre-tax loss of 73.3 million for 2021, which included certain non-deductible expenses and discrete tax items. 
 Other Comprehensive Income (Loss). Reported comprehensive loss is the sum of reported net loss and other comprehensive income (loss). Other comprehensive loss was 12.9 million in 2022 compared to comprehensive income of 5.4 million in 2021. With the liquidation of the international operation in 2021 noted above, we recognized other comprehensive income (resulting from the release of historical currency translation adjustments) of 9.3 million in 2021. Excluding this benefit, our reported other comprehensive loss for 2021 was 4.0 million, driven by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates compared to the U.S. dollar for certain of the international operations of our operating segments. For 2022 and 2021, currency translation adjustments recognized as a component of other comprehensive income (loss) were primarily attributable to the United Kingdom and Brazil. During 2022, the exchange rate for the British pound weakened compared to the U.S. dollar, while the Brazilian real strengthened compared to the U.S. dollar. During 2021, the exchange rate for the British pound and the Brazilian real weakened compared to the U.S. dollar. 
 -37- 

Segment Operating Results 
 Offshore/Manufactured Products 
 Revenues. Our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment revenues increased 83.0 million, or 28 , in 2022 compared to 2021 due to increased demand for all of the segment's product and service offerings, particularly project-related connector and short-cycle products. 
 Operating Income. Our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment reported operating income of 45.3 million in 2022, which included a 6.1 million gain in connection with the settlement of outstanding litigation. The segment reported operating income of 15.4 million in 2021, which included severance and restructuring costs of 0.9 million. This year-over-year increase was due primarily to the reported revenue growth and recognition of the 6.1 million gain in connection with the settlement of litigation, partially offset by the impact of higher material, transportation, labor and other costs. 
 Backlog. Backlog in our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment totaled 308 million as of December 31, 2022 compared to 260 million as of December 31, 2021. Bookings during 2022 totaled 435 million, yielding a book-to-bill ratio of 1.1x. 
 Well Site Services 
 Revenues. Our Well Site Services segment revenues increased 60.2 million, or 35 , in 2022 compared to 2021, driven by increased U.S. customer activity levels partially offset by the exit of U.S. thru-tubing service offerings in January 2022 (which generated revenues of approximately 20 million in 2021). 
 Operating Income (Loss). Our Well Site Services segment reported operating income of 4.9 million in 2022. The segment reported an operating loss of 34.5 million in 2021, which included 4.3 million in severance and restructuring costs, non-cash fixed and lease asset impairment charges of 4.2 million and a non-cash inventory impairment charge of 1.5 million. Excluding these 2021 charges, the segment's operating results improved by 29.5 million compared to the prior year due primarily to the segment's reported revenue growth and a 11.6 million decrease in depreciation and amortization expense, partially offset by increased labor, material and other costs. 
 Downhole Technologies 
 Revenues. Our Downhole Technologies segment revenues increased 21.3 million, or 21 , in 2022 from 2021 due primarily to increased customer demand for perforating and completion products in the United States. 
 Operating Loss. Our Downhole Technologies segment reported an operating loss of 6.7 million in 2022, compared to an operating loss of 13.5 million in 2021, which included a non-cash inventory impairment charge of 2.1 million and 0.8 million of severance and restructuring charges. Excluding these 2021 charges, operating loss decreased 3.9 million in 2022 from the prior year due to the reported increase in revenues, partially offset by higher material, transportation, labor and other costs. 
 Corporate 
 Operating Loss. Corporate expenses in 2022 increased 8.3 million, or 26 , from 2021 due primarily to higher personnel costs, performance-based incentive compensation and professional fees, partially offset by 1.6 million of severance costs recognized in the prior-year period. 
 -38- 

Liquidity, Capital Resources and Other Matters 
 Our primary liquidity needs are to fund operating and capital expenditures, new product development and general working capital needs. In addition, capital has been used to fund strategic business acquisitions, repay debt and fund share repurchases. Our primary sources of funds are cash flow from operations, proceeds from borrowings under our credit facilities and, less frequently, capital markets transactions. 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operations totaled 32.9 million during 2022, compared to 7.2 million generated by operations during 2021. 
 During 2022, 34.7 million was used to fund net working capital increases, primarily due to increases in accounts receivable and inventories driven by higher customer activity levels. During 2021, 17.2 million was used to fund net working capital increases, primarily due to the significant increase in activity levels in the latter part of 2021 as the global economy recovered. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities during 2022 totaled 22.7 million, compared to 6.6 million used in investing activities during 2021. 
 As discussed under "Recent Developments," we acquired E-Flow on April 14, 2022 for net cash consideration of 8.1 million. 
 Capital expenditures totaled 20.3 million and 17.5 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. These investments were partially offset by proceeds from the sale of property and equipment of 5.9 million and 11.5 million during 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 We expect to spend approximately 25 million in capital expenditures during 2023. We plan to fund these capital expenditures with available cash, internally generated funds and, if necessary, borrowings under our ABL Facility discussed below. 
 Financing Activities 
 During 2022, net cash of 20.3 million was used in financing activities, including a cash payment of 10.0 million related to the GEO Note settlement (discussed below) and the purchase of 8.7 million principal amount of our outstanding 2023 Notes. This compares to 19.6 million of cash used in financing activities during 2021, including our purchases of 131.4 million principal amount of our 2023 Notes for cash totaling 126.0 million and 19.0 million of net repayments under our ABL Facility. Partially offsetting these uses in 2021 was our issuance of 135.0 million principal amount of our 2026 Notes yielding net cash proceeds of 130.6 million. 
 On June 28, 2022, we entered into a settlement agreement with the GEO Seller, which included the full and final settlement of all amounts due under the GEO Note. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, on July 1, 2022, we paid the GEO Seller 10.0 million in cash and issued approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling 42.0 million, which compared to 52.9 million as of December 31, 2021. Cash was used during the period to settle the GEO Note, fund the E-Flow acquisition, fund capital expenditures and purchase a portion of our 2023 Notes. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under our ABL Facility, 17.3 million principal amount of our 2023 Notes outstanding, 135.0 million principal amount of our 2026 Notes outstanding and other debt of 3.4 million. Our reported interest expense included amortization of deferred financing costs of 1.9 million during 2022. For 2022, our contractual cash interest expense was 8.5 million, or approximately 5 of the average principal balance of debt outstanding. 
 We believe that cash on-hand, cash flow from operations and borrowing capacity available under our ABL Facility will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs in the coming twelve months. If our plans or assumptions change, or are inaccurate, we may need to raise additional capital. Our ability to obtain capital for additional projects to implement our growth strategy over the longer term will depend upon our future operating performance, financial condition and, more broadly, on the availability of equity and debt financing. Capital availability will be affected by prevailing conditions in our industry, the global economy, the global financial markets, stakeholder scrutiny of ESG matters and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. In this 
 -39- 

regard, the effect of the COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a significant disruption of global financial markets. For companies like ours that support the energy industry, this disruption negatively impacted the value of our common stock and may reduce our ability to access capital in the bank and capital markets or result in such capital being available on less favorable terms, which could in the future negatively affect our liquidity. 
 On March 21, 2022, the SEC proposed new rules relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related information and risks. We are currently assessing these rules, but at this time we cannot predict the costs of implementation or any potential adverse impacts resulting from these rules. To the extent these rules are finalized as proposed, we expect that we and our customers would incur increased costs related to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related risks. We may also face increased litigation risks related to disclosures made pursuant to the rule if finalized as proposed. In addition, enhanced climate disclosure requirements could accelerate the trend of certain stakeholders and lenders in restricting or seeking more stringent conditions with respect to their investments in us, our customers and other companies like ours that support the energy industry. For more information on our risks related to climate change, see the risk factors in "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors" included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled, "Our and our customers' operations are subject to a series of risks arising out of the threat of climate change that could result in increased operating costs, limit the areas in which oil and natural gas production may occur, and reduce demand for the products and services we provide" and "The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could accelerate the transition to a low carbon economy and could impose new costs on our customers' operations." 
 Stock Repurchase Program. On February 16, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized 25.0 million for the repurchases of our common stock, par value 0.01 per share, through February 2025. Subject to applicable securities laws, such purchases will be at such times and in such amounts as we deem appropriate. 
 Revolving Credit Facility. On February 10, 2021, we entered into the ABL Facility under which credit availability is subject to a borrowing base calculation. On March 16, 2021, we entered into an amendment to the ABL Facility that permitted us to incur the indebtedness represented by the 2026 Notes. On December 13, 2022, we entered into an additional technical amendment to the ABL Facility to replace the reference benchmark rate of the London Inter Bank Offered Rate (known as LIBOR) with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (known as SOFR). This transition is not expected to materially impact our borrowing rate under the ABL Facility. 
 The ABL Facility is governed by a credit agreement, as amended, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and the lenders and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (the "ABL Agreement"). The ABL Agreement matures on February 10, 2025 with a springing maturity 91 days prior to the maturity of any outstanding indebtedness with a principal amount in excess of 17.5 million. 
 See Note 7, "Long-term Debt," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding the ABL Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we had 15.4 million of outstanding letters of credit, but no borrowings outstanding under the ABL Agreement. The total amount available to be drawn as of December 31, 2022 was 92.1 million, calculated based on the then current borrowing base less outstanding letters of credit. 
 2026 Notes. On March 16, 2021, we issued 135.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 16, 2021 (the "2026 Indenture"), between us and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee. Net proceeds from the 2026 Notes offering, after deducting issuance costs, totaled 130.6 million. We used 120.0 million of the cash proceeds to purchase 125.0 million principal amount of the outstanding 2023 Notes, with the balance added to cash on-hand. 
 The 2026 Indenture contains certain events of default, including certain defaults by us with respect to other indebtedness of at least 40.0 million. 
 See Note 7, "Long-term Debt," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information regarding the 2026 Notes. As of December 31, 2022, none of the conditions allowing holders of the 2026 Notes to convert, or requiring us to repurchase the 2026 Notes, had been met. 
 2023 Notes. On January 30, 2018, we issued 200.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2023 Notes pursuant to an indenture, dated as of January 30, 2018 (the "2023 Indenture"), between us and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee as of March 1, 2022. Since September 2019, we have purchased a cumulative 182.7 million principal amount of the 2023 Notes for 161.2 million in cash, with 17.3 million principal amount outstanding as of December 31, 2022. On February 15, 2023, the remaining outstanding 2023 Notes were fully repaid. 
 Promissory Note. In connection with the GEODynamics Acquisition, we issued the GEO Note that was scheduled to mature on July 12, 2019. Payments due under the GEO Note (original principal amount of 25.0 million) were subject to set-off, in full or in part, against certain indemnification claims related to matters occurring prior to the GEODynamics Acquisition. 
 -40- 

We asserted indemnification claims against the GEO Seller, and the GEO Seller filed a breach of contract suit against us alleging that payments due under the GEO Note were required to be repaid in accordance with the terms of such note. We incurred settlement costs and expenses of 7.5 million related to such indemnification claims and as of June 28, 2022, had reduced the carrying amount of such note in our consolidated balance sheet to 17.5 million, which was our then-current best estimate of what was owed after set-off for indemnification matters. On June 28, 2022, we entered into a settlement agreement with the GEO Seller, which included the full and final settlement of all amounts due pursuant to the GEO Note. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, on July 1, 2022, we paid the GEO Seller 10.0 million in cash and issued approximately 1.9 million shares of our common stock (having a market value of 10.3 million). See Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. 
 Our total debt represented 18 and 20 of our combined total debt and stockholders' equity as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Contractual Obligations. As discussed above, we believe that cash on-hand, cash flow from operations and borrowing capacity under our ABL facility will be sufficient to meet our liquidity needs in the coming twelve months. The following summarizes our more significant contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow over the next five years (in thousands): 
 Payments due by year Total 2023 2024 and 2025 2026 and 2027 After 2027 Contractual obligations ABL Facility (1) 
 2023 Notes (2) 
 17,445 17,445 2026 Notes (3) 
 157,444 6,413 12,825 138,206 Other debt and finance lease obligations 3,430 528 1,012 1,059 831 Operating lease liabilities (4) 
 30,805 7,417 10,260 7,487 5,641 Purchase obligations (5) 
 96,113 95,391 722 Total contractual cash obligations 305,237 127,193 24,819 146,752 6,472 
 ____________________ 
 (1) As of December 31, 2022, we had no borrowings outstanding under our ABL Facility. The total amount available to be drawn as of December 31, 2022 was 92.1 million. 
 (2) Amount represents the full principal amount of the 2023 Notes together with interest payments, which were repaid on February 15, 2023. 
 (3) Amount represents the full principal amount of the 2026 Notes together with cash interest payments due semi-annually. 
 (4) Amount represents payment obligations (including implied interest) for operating leases with an initial term of greater than twelve months. Operating lease obligations are recorded in the consolidated balance sheet as operating lease liabilities while the right-of-use assets are included within operating lease assets. 
 (5) Our purchase obligations primarily relate to open purchase orders. 
 Contingencies and Other Obligations. We are a party to various pending or threatened claims, lawsuits and administrative proceedings seeking damages or other remedies concerning our commercial operations, products, employees and other matters, including occasional claims by individuals alleging exposure to hazardous materials as a result of our product or operations. Some of these claims relate to matters occurring prior to the acquisition of businesses, and some relate to businesses we have sold. In certain cases, we are entitled to indemnification from the sellers of the businesses and, in other cases, we have indemnified the buyers of businesses. 
 In August 2022, our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment settled outstanding litigation against certain service providers in exchange for the receipt of cash totaling 6.9 million. In connection with this settlement, we recognized a gain of 6.1 million in the third quarter of 2022. 
 See Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. 
 Availability and Cost of Products. We use a variety of domestically produced and imported raw materials and component products, including steel, in the manufacture of our products. The United States has imposed tariffs on a variety of imported products, including steel and aluminum. In response to the U.S. tariffs on steel and aluminum, the European Union and several other countries, including Canada and China, have threatened and/or imposed retaliatory tariffs. The effect of these tariffs and the application and interpretation of existing trade agreements and customs, anti-dumping and countervailing duty regulations continue to evolve, and we continue to monitor these matters. If we encounter difficulty in procuring these raw materials and component products as a result of tariffs, supply chain disruptions or other events, or if the prices we have to pay for these 
 -41- 

products increase and we are unable to pass corresponding cost increases on to our customers, our financial position, cash flows and results of operations could be adversely affected. Furthermore, uncertainty with respect to potential costs in the drilling and completion of oil and gas wells could cause our customers to delay or cancel planned projects which, if this occurred, would adversely affect our financial position, cash flows and results of operations. See Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional discussion. 
 Tax Matters. See Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," and Note 10, "Income Taxes," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K for additional information with respect to tax matters. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements. As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"), which require that we make numerous estimates and assumptions. Actual results could differ from those estimates and assumptions, thus impacting our reported results of operations and financial position. The critical accounting policies and estimates described in this section are those that are most important to the depiction of our financial condition and results of operations and the application of which requires our most subjective judgments in making estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. We describe our significant accounting policies more fully in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 Goodwill and Long-Lived Tangible and Intangible Assets 
 Our goodwill totaled 79.3 million, representing 7 of our total assets as of December 31, 2022. Our long-lived tangible assets totaled 326.9 million, representing 31 of our total assets as of December 31, 2022, and our long-lived intangible assets totaled 169.8 million, representing 16 of our total assets. The remainder of our assets largely consisted of cash, accounts receivable and inventories. 
 Goodwill 
 Goodwill represents the excess, after impairments, of the purchase price for acquired businesses over the allocated fair value of related net assets. In accordance with current accounting guidance, we do not amortize goodwill, but rather assess goodwill for impairment annually (as of December 1) and when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. In the evaluation of goodwill, each reporting unit with goodwill on its balance sheet is assessed separately using relevant events and circumstances. We estimate the fair value of each reporting unit and compare that fair value to its recorded carrying value. We utilize, depending on circumstances, a combination of valuation methodologies including a market approach and an income approach, as well as guideline public company comparables. Projected cash flows are discounted using a long-term weighted average cost of capital for each reporting unit based on estimates of investment returns that would be required by a market participant. As part of the process of assessing goodwill for potential impairment, our total market capitalization is compared to the sum of the fair values of all reporting units to assess the reasonableness of aggregated fair values. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, goodwill is considered impaired and an impairment loss is recorded based on the excess of the carrying amount over the reporting unit's fair value. 
 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 Assessments 
 As of December 1, 2022, 2021 and 2020, we had only one reporting unit Offshore/Manufactured Products with a goodwill balance remaining. We performed our annual quantitative assessments of goodwill for impairment, which indicated that the fair value of the Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit was greater than its carrying amount at each date and no additional impairments were required in any period. 
 The valuation techniques used in these annual assessments were consistent with those used during our interim March 31, 2020 assessment for the Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit. The discount rate used to value the reporting unit as of December 1, 2020, 2021 and 2022 was 15.3 , 14.5 and 15.0 , respectively. The estimated returns required by market participants decreased in our 2020, 2021 and 2022 annual assessments from the March 31, 2020 assessment given improvements in the global economy and financial markets. Holding all other assumptions and inputs used in the discounted cash flow analysis constant, a 100 basis point increase in the discount rate assumption for the Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit would not result in a goodwill impairment in any period. 
 -42- 

As of December 31, 2022, our market capitalization was 477 million, or 213 million below our stockholder's equity carrying value. 
 We continue to monitor commodity prices and other significant assumptions used in our forecasts. If we experience a prolonged decline in long-term demand for crude oil and natural gas or significant and sustained increases in commodity supplies, which serve to lower commodity prices over the long term, we will be required to update our discounted cash flow analysis and potentially be required to record a goodwill impairment in the future. 
 Long-Lived Tangible and Intangible Assets 
 An assessment for impairment of long-lived tangible and intangible assets is conducted at the asset group level whenever changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such asset group may not be recoverable based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows. Indicators of impairment might include persistent negative economic trends affecting the markets we serve, recurring losses or lowered expectations of future cash flows to be generated by our assets. When necessary, the amount of impairment is determined based on the excess of carrying value over fair value of the asset group, using quoted market prices, if available, or our judgment as to the future operating cash flows to be generated from these assets throughout their estimated useful lives. 
 During 2021 and 2020, we recognized non-cash long-lived asset impairment charges totaling 4.2 million and 12.4 million, respectively, to reduce the carrying value of certain equipment and facilities (owned and leased) to their estimated realizable value. 
 No indicators of impairment were identified in 2022 that would indicate that the carrying values of our long-lived tangible and intangible assets are not recoverable. Accordingly, no additional impairment losses were recorded. However, management actions or industry cyclicality and downturns may result in future changes to our estimates of projected operating cash flows, or their timing, and could potentially cause future impairment to the values of our long-lived assets, including finite-lived intangible assets. 
 Revenue and Cost Recognition 
 Our revenue contracts may include one or more promises to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer, which is referred to as a "performance obligation," and to which revenue is allocated. We recognize revenue and the related cost when, or as, the performance obligations are satisfied. The majority of our significant contracts for custom engineered products have a single performance obligation as no individual good or service is separately identifiable from other performance obligations in the contracts. For contracts with multiple distinct performance obligations, we allocate revenue to the identified performance obligations in the contract. Our product sales terms do not include significant post-performance obligations. 
 Our performance obligations may be satisfied at a point in time or over time as work progresses. Revenues from goods and services transferred to customers at a point in time accounted for approximately 35 , 35 and 38 of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The majority of our revenue recognized at a point in time is derived from short-term contracts for standard products offered by us. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when control over the product has transferred to the customer. Indicators we consider in determining when transfer of control to the customer occurs include: right to payment for the product, transfer of legal title to the customer, transfer of physical possession of the product, transfer of risk and customer acceptance of the product. 
 Revenues from products and services transferred to customers over time accounted for approximately 65 , 65 and 62 of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The majority of our revenue recognized over time is for services provided under short-term contracts, with revenue recognized as the customer receives and consumes the services provided by our segments. In addition, we manufacture certain products to individual customer specifications under short-term contracts for which control passes to the customer as the performance obligations are fulfilled and for which revenue is recognized over time. 
 For significant project-related contracts involving custom engineered products within the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment (also referred to as "project-driven products"), revenues are typically recognized over time using an input measure such as the percentage of costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion for each contract (cost-to-cost method). Contract costs include labor, material and overhead. We believe this method is the most appropriate measure of progress on large contracts. Billings on such contracts in excess of costs incurred and estimated profits are classified as a contract liability (deferred revenue). Costs incurred and estimated profits in excess of billings on these contracts are recognized as a contract asset (a component of accounts receivable). 
 -43- 

Contract estimates for project-related contracts involving custom engineered products are based on various assumptions to project the outcome of future events that may span several years. Changes in assumptions that may affect future project costs and margins include production efficiencies, the complexity of the work to be performed and the availability and costs of labor, materials and subcomponents. 
 As a significant change in one or more of these estimates could affect the profitability of our contracts, contract-related estimates are reviewed regularly. We recognize adjustments in estimated profit on contracts under the cumulative catch-up method. Under this method, the impact of the adjustment on profit recorded to date is recognized in the period the adjustment is identified. Revenue and profit in future periods of contract performance are recognized using the adjusted estimate. If at any time the estimate of contract profitability indicates an anticipated loss will be incurred on the contract, the loss is recognized in the period it is identified. 
 Cost of goods sold includes all direct material and labor costs and those costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor, supplies, tools and repairs. As presented on our consolidated statements of operations, costs of goods sold excludes depreciation and amortization expense. Selling, general and administrative costs are charged to expense as incurred. 
 Taxes assessed by a governmental authority that are both imposed on and concurrent with a specific revenue-producing transaction, that we collect from a customer, are excluded from revenue. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight after control over a product has transferred to a customer are accounted for as a fulfillment cost and are included in cost of products. 
 Proceeds from customers for the cost of oilfield rental equipment that is damaged or lost downhole are reflected as gains or losses on the disposition of assets after considering the write-off of the remaining net book value of the equipment are included within Other income, net. 
 Accounting for Contingencies 
 We have contingent liabilities and future claims for which we have made estimates of the amount of the eventual cost to liquidate such liabilities or claims. These liabilities and claims sometimes involve threatened or actual litigation where damages have been quantified and we have made an assessment of our exposure and recorded in an amount estimated to cover the expected loss. Other claims or liabilities have been estimated based on their fair value or our experience in such matters and, when appropriate, the advice of outside counsel or other outside experts. Upon the ultimate resolution of these uncertainties, our future reported financial results will be impacted by the difference between our estimates and the actual amounts paid to settle a liability. Examples of areas where we have made important estimates of future liabilities include income taxes, litigation, insurance claims, and contractual claims and obligations. 
 Income Taxes 
 We follow the liability method of accounting for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income taxes are recorded based upon the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws in effect at the time the underlying assets or liabilities are recovered or settled. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our total investment, including earnings and profits, in foreign subsidiaries (except for our Canadian operations) is considered to be permanently reinvested outside the United States. We account for the U.S. tax effect of global intangible low-taxed income earned by foreign subsidiaries in the period that such income is earned. 
 We record a valuation allowance in the reporting period when we believe that it is more likely than not that any deferred tax asset will not be realized. This assessment requires analysis of changes in tax laws, available positive and negative evidence, including consideration of losses in recent years, reversals of temporary differences, forecasts of future income, assessment of future business and tax planning strategies. During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we recorded valuation allowances primarily with respect to foreign and U.S. state net operating loss ("NOL") carryforwards. 
 The calculation of our tax liabilities involves assessing uncertainties regarding the application of complex tax regulations. We account for uncertain tax positions using a recognition threshold and a measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. For those benefits to be recognized, a tax position must be more-likely-than-not to be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. If we ultimately determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary, we reverse the liability and recognize a tax benefit during the period in which we determine that the liability is no longer necessary. We record an additional charge in our provision for taxes during the period in which we determine that the recorded tax liability is below the expected level of the ultimate assessment. 
 -44- 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (the "FASB"), which are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. We believe that the impact of recently issued standards, which are not yet effective, will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements upon adoption. 
 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 Market risk refers to the potential losses arising from changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates, equity prices, and commodity prices, including the correlation among these factors and their volatility. 
 Our principal market risks are our exposure to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We enter into derivative instruments only to the extent considered necessary to meet risk management objectives and do not use derivative contracts for speculative purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk. We have a revolving credit facility that is subject to the risk of higher interest charges associated with increases in interest rates. As of December 31, 2022, we had no floating-rate obligations outstanding under our ABL Facility. Use of floating-rate obligations would expose us to the risk of increased interest expense in the event of increases in short-term interest rates. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk. Our operations are conducted in various countries around the world and we receive revenue from these operations in a number of different currencies. As such, our earnings are subject to movements in foreign currency exchange rates when transactions are denominated in (i) currencies other than the U.S. dollar, which is our functional currency, or (ii) the functional currency of our subsidiaries, which is not necessarily the U.S. dollar. In order to mitigate the effects of foreign currency exchange rate risks in areas outside of the United States (primarily in our Offshore/Manufactured Products segment), we generally pay a portion of our expenses in local currencies and a substantial portion of our contracts provide for collections from customers in U.S. dollars. During 2022, our reported foreign currency exchange losses were 0.2 million and are included in "Other operating income, net" in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, reported as a component of stockholders' equity, primarily relates to fluctuations in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar as used to translate certain of the international operations of our operating segments. Our accumulated other comprehensive loss increased 12.9 million from 66.0 million as of December 31, 2021 to 78.9 million as of December 31, 2022, due to changes in currency exchange rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the exchange rate for the British pound weakened by 11 compared to the U.S. dollar while the Brazilian real strengthened by 6 compared to the U.S. dollar. 
 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Our Consolidated Financial Statements and supplementary data begin on page 52 of this Annual Report on Form 10 K and are incorporated by reference into this Item 8. 
 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 There were no changes in or disagreements on any matters of accounting principles or financial statement disclosure between us and our independent registered public accounting firm during our two most recent fiscal years or any subsequent interim period. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 (i) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10 K, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022 at the reasonable assurance level. 
 -45- 

Pursuant to section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have provided certain certifications to the SEC. These certifications accompanied this report when filed with the SEC, but are not set forth herein. 
 (ii) Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 (a) Management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and our directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Accordingly, even effective internal control over financial reporting can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was conducted. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission ("COSO") in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on our assessment we believe that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 The effectiveness of Oil States' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as described below. 
 (b) Attestation report of the registered public accounting firm. 
 The attestation report of Ernst Young LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, on our internal control over financial reporting is set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10 K on page 55 and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during our fourth fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 There was no information required to be disclosed in a report on Form 8 K during the fourth quarter of 2022 that was not reported on a Form 8 K during such time. 
 -46- 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 (1) Information concerning directors, including our audit committee financial experts, appears in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under "Election of Directors." This portion of the Definitive Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (2) Information with respect to executive officers appears in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under "Executive Officers of the Registrant." This portion of the Definitive Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (3) Information concerning Section 16(a) beneficial ownership reporting compliance appears in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance." This portion of the Definitive Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 (4) Information concerning corporate governance and our code of ethics appears in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, under "Financial Code of Ethics for Senior Officers." This portion of the Definitive Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 hereby is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 hereby is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 hereby is incorporated by reference to such information as set forth in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 Information concerning principal accounting fees and services and the audit committee's preapproval policies and procedures appear in our Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders under the heading "Fees Paid to Ernst Young LLP" and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 -47- 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Index to Financial Statements, Financial Statement Schedules and Exhibits 
 (1) Financial Statements: Reference is made to the index set forth on page 52 of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 (2) Financial Statement Schedules: No schedules have been included herein because the information required to be submitted has been included in the Consolidated Financial Statements or the Notes thereto, or the required information is inapplicable. 
 (3) Index of Exhibits: See Index of Exhibits, below, for a list of those exhibits filed herewith, which index also includes and identifies management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10 K by Item 601 of Regulation S K. 
 (b) Index of Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2000, as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2001 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 3.2 
 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Oil States International, Inc., dated as of February 16, 2023. 
 4.1 
 Form of common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S 1, as filed with the SEC on November 7, 2000 (File No. 333 43400)). 
 4.3 
 Indenture, dated March 19, 2021, by and among Oil States International, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 4.75 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the Commission on March 22, 2021 (File No. 001-16337)). 
 4.4 
 Description of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, as filed with the SEC on February 21, 2020). 
 10.1+ 
 Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan of Oil States International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, as filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021 (File No. 333 2565777)). 
 10. 2 
 Form of Deferred Stock Award Election under the Company's Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan. (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10. 3 
 Form of Deferred Stock Grant Notice and Agreement under the Company's Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan. (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.4+ 
 Deferred Compensation Plan effective January 1, 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2013, as filed with the SEC on April 25, 2013 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.5+ 
 Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, dated January 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC on February 17, 2017 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.6+ 
 Executive Agreement between Oil States International, Inc. and Cindy B. Taylor (incorporated by Reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2000, as filed with the SEC on March 30, 2001 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.7+ 
 Form of Change of Control Severance Plan for Selected Members of Management (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 of the Company's Registration Statement on Form S 1, as filed with the SEC on December 12, 2000 (File No. 333 43400)). 
 10.8 
 Asset-based Credit Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2021, among Oil States International, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on February 12, 2021 (File No. 001-16337)). 
 
 -48- 

10.9 
 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated December 13, 2022, among Oil States International, Inc., as Borrower, the Lenders from time to time hereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as Agent. 
 10.10 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2004, as filed with the SEC on November 5, 2004 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.11+ 
 Form of Director Stock Option Agreement under the Company's 2001 Equity Participation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2004, as filed with the SEC on March 2, 2005 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.12+ 
 Form of Employee Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the Company's Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.7 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, as filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021 (File No. 333 2565777)). 
 10.13+ 
 Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company's Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, as filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021 (File No. 333 2565777)). 
 10.14+ 
 Form of Performance Award Agreement under the Company's Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, as filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021 (File No. 333 2565777)). 
 10.15+ 
 Form of Cash Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, as filed with the SEC on April 29, 2021 (File No. 001-16337)). 
 10.16+ 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Summary (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Report on Form 8 K as filed with the SEC on November 15, 2006 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.17+ 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company's Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8, as filed with the SEC on May 28, 2021 (File No. 333 2565777)). 
 10.18+ 
 Amendment to the Executive Agreement of Cindy Taylor, effective January 1, 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2008, as filed with the SEC on February 20, 2009 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.19+ 
 Executive Agreement between Oil States International, Inc. and named executive officer (Lloyd A. Hajdik) effective December 9, 2013 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended December 31, 2013, as filed with the SEC on February 25, 2014 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.20+ 
 Executive Agreement between Oil States International, Inc. and named executive officer (Philip S. Moses) effective July 1, 2015 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8 K, as filed with the SEC on July 8, 2015 (File No. 001 16337)). 
 10.21 
 Annual Incentive Compensation Plan, dated January 1, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020, as filed with the SEC on May 1, 2020 (File No. 001-16337)). 
 21.1 
 List of subsidiaries of the Company. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24.1 
 Powers of Attorney for Directors. 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Oil States International, Inc. pursuant to Rules 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Oil States International, Inc. pursuant to Rules 13a 14(a) or 15d 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Oil States International, Inc. pursuant to Rules 13a 14(b) or 15d 14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Oil States International, Inc. pursuant to Rules 13a 14(b) or 15d 14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 -49- 

101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104.1 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 --------- 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. + Management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 -50- 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on February 17, 2023. 
 OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 By /s/ Cindy B. Taylor Cindy B. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant in the capacities indicated on February 17, 2023. 
 Signature Title Chairman of the Board Robert L. Potter /s/ Cindy B. Taylor Director, President Chief Executive Officer Cindy B. Taylor (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Lloyd A. Hajdik Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Lloyd A. Hajdik and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Brian E. Taylor Senior Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer Brian E. Taylor (Principal Accounting Officer) Director Denise Castillo-Rhodes Director Lawrence R. Dickerson Director Darrell E. Hollek Director Christopher T. Seaver Director Hallie A. Vanderhider Director E. Joseph Wright By: /s/ Lloyd A. Hajdik Lloyd A. Hajdik, pursuant to a power of attorney filed as Exhibit 24.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 -51- 

INDEX TO 
 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Consolidated Financial Statements (PCAOB ID: 
 53 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on the Company's Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 57 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 60 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 61 
 
 -52- 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Oil States International, Inc. 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Oil States International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 -53- 

Goodwill Impairment Assessment Offshore/Manufactured Products Description of the Matter 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company's goodwill in the Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit was 79.3 million. As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, goodwill is assessed for impairment annually (as of December 1) and when an event occurs or circumstances change to suggest that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The Company performed its annual quantitative assessment of goodwill for impairment, which indicated that the fair value of the Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit was greater than its carrying amount and no impairment was required. 
 Auditing management's annual goodwill impairment assessment for the Company's Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit was subjective and required the involvement of specialists due to the significant measurement uncertainty in determining the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, the fair value estimate attributable to the income approach was sensitive to changes in significant assumptions, such as the discount rate and the revenue growth rate, both of which are affected by market forecasts of commodity prices and the level of capital expenditures in the oil and gas industry. 
 
 How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit 
 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company's annual goodwill impairment assessment process. For example, we tested controls over the Company's forecasting process as well as controls over management's review of the significant assumptions in estimating the fair value of the reporting unit and the related evaluation of management's specialist. 
 To test the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the valuation methodology and testing the significant assumptions discussed herein. For example, we compared the revenue growth rate in the prospective financial data used by management to external forecasted spending trends in the industry, analysts' forecasted commodity prices and historical performance. We performed sensitivity analyses of certain significant assumptions to evaluate the change in the fair value resulting from changes in the significant assumptions. We also involved our valuation specialists to assist in the evaluation of the fair value methodology and the discount rate assumption in the fair value estimate. We further tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in the fair value estimate. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2000. 

February 17, 2023 
 -54- 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Oil States International, Inc. 
 Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited Oil States International, Inc. and subsidiaries' internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, Oil States International, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and the related notes, and our report dated February 17, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company's management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying management's annual report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 /s/ Ernst Young LLP 
 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 17, 2023 
 -55- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In Thousands, Except Per Share Amounts) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues: Products Services Costs and expenses: Product costs Service costs Cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization expense presented below) Selling, general and administrative expense Depreciation and amortization expense Impairments of goodwill Impairments of fixed and lease assets Other operating income, net ) ) ) Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) Interest income Other income, net Loss before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (provision) benefit ) Net loss ) ) ) Net loss per share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 -56- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In Thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Release of currency translation adjustments on liquidation of an international operation Other Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 -57- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In Thousands, Except Share Amounts) 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant, and equipment, net Operating lease assets, net Goodwill, net Other intangible assets, net Other noncurrent assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred income taxes Other noncurrent liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Common stock, par value, shares authorized, shares and shares issued, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 -58- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In Thousands) 
 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Treasury Stock Total Stockholders' Equity Balance, December 31, 2019 ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustment (excluding intercompany advances) Currency translation adjustment on intercompany advances ) ) Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Surrender of stock to settle taxes on restricted stock awards ) ) Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustment (excluding intercompany advances) ) ) Currency translation adjustment on intercompany advances ) ) Release of currency translation adjustments on liquidation of an international operation Other comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Surrender of stock to settle taxes on restricted stock awards ) ) Adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Currency translation adjustments (excluding intercompany advances) ) ) Currency translation adjustments on intercompany advances Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock in connection with settlement of disputes with seller of GEODynamics, Inc. Stock-based compensation expense Surrender of stock to settle taxes on restricted stock awards ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 -59- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In Thousands) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization expense Impairments of goodwill Impairments of inventories Impairments of fixed and lease assets Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of debt discount and deferred financing costs Deferred income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Release of foreign currency translation adjustments on liquidation of an international operation Gains on extinguishment of convertible senior notes 
 ) ) ) Gains on disposals of assets ) ) ) Other, net ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effect from acquired business: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Deferred revenue ) Other operating assets and liabilities, net ) ) ) Net cash flows provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) ) Proceeds from disposition of property and equipment Acquisition of business, net of cash acquired ) Other, net ) ) ) Net cash flows used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Revolving credit facility borrowings Revolving credit facility repayments ) ) ) Payment of promissory note to seller of GEODynamics, Inc. ) Issuance of convertible senior notes 
 Purchases of convertible senior notes 
 ) ) ) Other debt and finance lease repayments, net ) ) ) Payment of financing costs ) ) ) Shares added to treasury stock as a result of net share settlements due to vesting of stock awards ) ) ) Net cash flows used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Cash paid (received) for: Interest Income taxes, net ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 -60- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. 
 business segments Offshore/Manufactured Products, Well Site Services and Downhole Technologies and, through its subsidiaries, is a leading provider of specialty products and services to oil and gas and industrial companies around the world. The Company operates in a substantial number of the world's active resource intensive regions, including: onshore and offshore United States, West Africa, the North Sea, the Middle East, South America and Southeast and Central Asia. 
 
 2. 
 
 The estimated fair value of the 2023 Notes as of December 31, 2022 was million based on quoted market prices (a Level 2 fair value measurement), which compares to the principal amount of million. The estimated fair value of the 2026 Notes as of December 31, 2022 was million based on quoted market prices (a Level 2 fair value measurement), which compares to the principal amount of million. 
 -61- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

As further discussed in Note 6, "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets," the Company recognized non-cash goodwill impairment charges of million in the first quarter of 2020. 
 As further discussed in Note 5, "Details of Selected Balance Sheet Accounts," and Note 8, "Operating Leases," the Company recognized non-cash asset impairment charges totaling million and million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, to reduce the carrying value of certain equipment and facilities (owned and leased) to their estimated realizable value. No additional impairment losses were recorded during the periods presented. 
 or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term from one to years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company's sole discretion. The depreciable lives of lease-related assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term. Certain operating lease agreements include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation. The Company's operating lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. While the Company rents or subleases certain real estate to third parties, such amounts are not material. Cash outflows related to operating leases are presented within cash flows from operations. 
 -62- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

Research and development expenses totaled million, million and million in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and are reported within cost of revenues in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 outstanding foreign currency forward purchase contracts. 
 Gains and losses resulting from balance sheet translation of international operations where the local currency is the functional currency are included as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss within stockholders' equity and represent substantially all of the accumulated other comprehensive loss balance. Remeasurements of intercompany advances denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the entity that are of a long-term investment nature are recognized as a separate component of other comprehensive loss within stockholders' equity. Gains and losses resulting from balance sheet remeasurements of assets and liabilities denominated in a different currency than the functional currency, other than intercompany advances that are of a long-term investment nature, are included in the consolidated statements of operations within "Other operating income, net" as incurred and were not material during the periods presented. 
 , and of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The majority of the Company's revenue recognized at a point in time is derived from short-term contracts for standard products. Revenue on these contracts is recognized when control over the product has transferred to the customer. Indicators the Company considers in determining when transfer of control to the customer occurs include: right to payment for the product, transfer of legal title to the customer, transfer of physical possession of the product, transfer of risk and customer acceptance of the product. 
 Revenues from products and services transferred to customers over time accounted for approximately , and of consolidated revenues for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The majority of the Company's revenue recognized over time is for services provided under short-term contracts, with revenue recognized as the customer receives and consumes the services. In addition, the Company manufactures certain products to individual customer specifications under short-term contracts for which control passes to the customer as the performance obligations are fulfilled and for which revenue is recognized over time. 
 For significant project-related contracts involving custom engineered products within the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment (also referred to as "project-driven products"), revenues are typically recognized over time using an input measure such as the percentage of costs incurred to date relative to total estimated costs at completion for each contract (cost-to-cost method). Contract costs include labor, material and overhead. Management believes this method is the most appropriate measure of progress on large contracts. Billings on such contracts in excess of costs incurred and estimated profits are classified 
 -63- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of remaining backlog related to contracts with an original expected duration of greater than . Approximately of this remaining backlog is expected to be recognized as revenue in 2023 and the balance thereafter. 
 -64- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 to months. Parts and labor are covered under the terms of the warranty agreement. Warranty provisions are estimated based upon historical experience by product, configuration and geographic region. 
 During the ordinary course of business, the Company also provides standby letters of credit or other guarantee instruments to certain parties as required for certain transactions initiated by either the Company or its subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum potential amount of future payments that the Company could be required to make under these guarantee 
 -65- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 million. The Company has not recorded any liability in connection with these guarantee arrangements. The Company does not believe, based on historical experience and information currently available, that it is likely that any material amounts will be required to be paid under these guarantee arrangements. 
 convertible senior notes due 2023, be allocated between debt and equity components. As permitted under the standard, the Company adopted the guidance on January 1, 2021, using the modified retrospective transition method. Adoption of the standard resulted in a million increase in the net carrying value of the 2023 Notes, a million decrease in deferred income taxes and a million net decrease in stockholders' equity. The effective interest rate associated with the 2023 Notes after adoption decreased from approximately to approximately , which compares to the contractual interest rate of . As further discussed in Note 7, "Long-term Debt," the Company issued million principal amount of its convertible senior notes due 2026 on March 19, 2021, which have been accounted for in accordance with the provisions of ASU 2020-06. 
 
 3. 
 million (net of cash acquired) was funded with cash-on-hand. Under the terms of the purchase agreement, the Company may be entitled to indemnification for certain matters occurring prior to the acquisition. 
 The E-Flow transaction was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, based on the Company's estimates of the fair value of assets acquired (primarily long-lived intangible assets and goodwill) and liabilities assumed in the acquisition. E-Flow's results of operations have been included in the Company's consolidated financial statements and have been reported within the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment subsequent to the closing of the acquisition. 
 
 4. 
 in response to actual and forecasted reductions in global demand for crude oil due to the COVID-19 pandemic, coupled with announcements by Saudi Arabia and Russia of plans to increase crude oil production. As demand for most of the Company's products and services depends substantially on the level of capital expenditures by the oil and natural gas industry, these conditions caused rapid reductions to most of the Company's customers' drilling, completion and production activities and their related spending on the Company's products and services, particularly those supporting activities in the U.S. shale play regions, until the supply/demand imbalances eased. 
 -66- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Fixed assets (Note 5) 
 Operating lease assets (Note 8) 
 Inventories (Note 5) 
 Severance and restructuring costs 
 During 2021, the Company continued its restructuring efforts, closed additional facilities in the United States and continued to assess the carrying value of its assets based on management actions and the industry outlook regarding demand for and pricing of its products and services, and recorded the following charges (in thousands): 
 Offshore/ Manufactured Products Well Site Services Downhole Technologies Corporate Pre-tax Total Tax After-tax Total Impairments of: Fixed assets (Note 5) 
 Operating lease assets (Note 8) 
 Inventories (Note 5) 
 Severance and restructuring costs (1) 
 Release of foreign currency translation adjustments on liquidation of an international operation (Note 9) 
 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Includes recognition of million in additional lease-related liabilities associated with the exit of a long-term lease supporting the Well Site Services segment. 
 Additionally, during 2021, the Company recognized million in aggregate reductions to payroll tax expense (within cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expense) as part of the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the "CARES Act") employee retention credit program. 
 In August 2022, the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment settled outstanding litigation against certain service providers in exchange for cash totaling million. In connection with this settlement, the Company recognized a gain of million (net of legal and other related costs) in 2022, which is included in other operating income, net. 
 -67- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 5. 
 Unbilled revenue Contract assets Other Total accounts receivable Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of total accounts receivable 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, accounts receivable, net in the United States represented , of the total. No other country or single customer accounted for more than 10 of the Company's total accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022. A summary of activity in the allowance for doubtful accounts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is provided in Note 16, "Valuation Allowances." 
 For the majority of contracts with customers, the Company receives payments based upon established contractual terms as products are delivered and services are performed. The Company's larger project-related contracts within the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment often provide for customer payments as milestones are achieved. 
 Contract assets relate to the Company's right to consideration for work completed but not billed as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 on certain project-related contracts within the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment. Contract assets are transferred to unbilled or trade receivables when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Contract liabilities primarily relate to advance consideration received from customers (i.e. milestone payments) for contracts for project-driven products as well as others which require significant advance investment in materials. Consistent with industry practice, the Company classifies assets and liabilities related to long-term contracts as current, even though some of these amounts may not be realized within one year. All contracts are reported on the consolidated balance sheets in a net asset (contract asset) or liability (deferred revenue) position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. In the normal course of business, the Company also receives advance consideration from customers on many other short-term, smaller product and service contracts which is deferred and recognized as revenue once the related performance obligation is satisfied. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the million net increase in contract assets was attributable to million in revenue recognized during the period, which was partially offset by million transferred to accounts receivable. Deferred revenue (contract liabilities) increased by million in 2022, reflecting million in new customer billings which were not recognized as revenue during the period, partially offset by the recognition of million of revenue that was deferred at the beginning of the period. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the million net increase in contract assets was primarily attributable to million in revenue recognized during the year, which was partially offset by million transferred to accounts receivable. Deferred revenue (contract liabilities) decreased by million in 2021, reflecting the recognition of million of revenue that was deferred at the beginning of the period, offset by million in new customer billings which were not recognized as revenue during the year. 
 -68- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Work in process Raw materials Total inventories Allowance for excess or obsolete inventory ) ) 
 The Company recorded impairment charges totaling million in 2021 to reduce the carrying value of inventories to their estimated net realizable value based primarily on management's decision to exit certain product and service offerings. 
 During 2020, the Company recorded impairment charges totaling million to reduce the carrying value of inventories to their estimated net realizable value based on changes in expectations regarding the near-term utility, customer demand and market pricing of certain goods. 
 Buildings and leasehold improvements Machinery and equipment Completion-related equipment Office furniture and equipment Vehicles Construction in progress Total property, plant and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, depreciation expense was million, million and million, respectively. 
 During 2020, the Well Site Services segment recognized a non-cash impairment charge of million to reduce the carrying value of the segment's drilling rigs to their estimated realizable value and million to reduce the carrying value of certain other facilities to their estimated realizable value. Also during 2020, the Downhole Technologies segment recognized a non-cash impairment charge of million to reduce the carrying value of certain of the segment's fixed assets to their estimated realizable value. 
 During 2021, the Well Site Services segment recognized non-cash impairment charges of million to reduce the carrying value of certain of the segment's fixed assets to their estimated realizable value. 
 Deferred financing costs Deferred income taxes Other 
 -69- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Accrued taxes, other than income taxes Insurance liabilities Accrued interest Accrued commissions Other 
 
 6. 
 Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Balance as of December 31, 2021 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) ) Goodwill acquired Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Balance as of December 31, 2022 Goodwill Accumulated impairment losses ) ) ) ) 
 As further discussed in Note 2, "Summary of Significant Accounting Policies," goodwill is assessed for impairment annually and when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. 
 March 2020 Impairments 
 Given the significance of the March 2020 events described in Note 4, "Asset Impairments and Other Charges and Benefits," the Company performed a quantitative assessment of goodwill for impairment as of March 31, 2020. This interim assessment indicated that the fair value of each of the reporting units was less than their respective carrying amounts due to, among other factors, the significant decline in the Company's stock price (and that of its peers) and reduced growth rate expectations given weak energy market conditions resulting from the demand destruction caused by the global response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 -70- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 million in the first quarter of 2020. 
 December 2020, 2021 and 2022 Assessments 
 As of December 1, 2020, 2021 and 2022, the Company had only reporting unit Offshore/Manufactured Products with goodwill balances. The Company performed its annual quantitative assessments of goodwill for impairment, which indicated that the fair value of the Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit was greater than its carrying amount at each date and no additional impairments were required in any period. The fair value of the Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit was determined using significant unobservable inputs (a Level 3 fair value measurement). 
 The valuation techniques used in these annual assessments were consistent with those used during the March 31, 2020 assessment. The discount rate used to value the Offshore/Manufactured Products reporting unit as of December 1, 2020, 2021 and 2022 was , and , respectively. 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 Patents/Technology/Know-how Tradenames and other 
 Amortization expense was million, million and million in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The weighted average remaining amortization period for all intangible assets, other than goodwill, was years as of December 31, 2022 and years as of December 31, 2021. Amortization expense is expected to total approximately million in 2023 through 2026 and million in 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, no impairment of other intangible assets was required. 
 -71- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 7. 
 2026 Notes (2) 
 2023 Notes (3) 
 Promissory note Other debt and finance lease obligations Total debt Less: Current portion ) ) Total long-term debt 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Unamortized deferred financing costs of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are presented in other noncurrent assets. 
 (2) The outstanding principal amount of the 2026 Notes was million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 (3) The outstanding principal amount of the 2023 Notes was million and million as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The 2023 Notes matured and were repaid in full on February 15, 2023. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 On February 10, 2021, the Company entered into a senior secured credit facility with certain lenders, which provides for a million asset-based revolving credit facility (the "ABL Facility") under which credit availability is subject to a borrowing base calculation. On March 16, 2021, the Company entered into an amendment to the ABL Facility that permitted the Company to incur the indebtedness represented by the 2026 Notes discussed below. On December 13, 2022, the Company entered into an additional technical amendment to the ABL Facility to replace the reference benchmark rate of the London Interbank Offered Rate ("LIBOR") with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"). 
 The ABL Facility is governed by a credit agreement, as amended, with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent and the lenders and other financial institutions from time to time party thereto (the "ABL Agreement"). The ABL Agreement matures on February 10, 2025 with a springing maturity days prior to the maturity of any outstanding indebtedness with a principal amount in excess of million. 
 The ABL Agreement provides funding based on a borrowing base calculation that includes eligible U.S. customer accounts receivable and inventory and provides for a million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit. Borrowings under the ABL Agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the Company's domestic assets (other than real property) and the stock of certain foreign subsidiaries. 
 -72- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) plus a margin of to , or at a base rate plus a margin of to , in each case based on average borrowing availability. Effective December 13, 2022, borrowings under the ABL Agreement bear interest at a rate equal to the SOFR rate (subject to a floor rate of plus a margin of to , or at a base rate plus a margin of to , in each case based on average borrowing availability. Quarterly, the Company must also pay a commitment fee of to per annum, based on unused commitments under the ABL Agreement. 
 The ABL Agreement places restrictions on the Company's ability to incur additional indebtedness, grant liens on assets, pay dividends or make distributions on equity interests, dispose of assets, make investments, repay other indebtedness (including the 2023 Notes and the 2026 Notes discussed below), engage in mergers, and other matters, in each case, subject to certain exceptions. The ABL Agreement contains customary default provisions, which, if triggered, could result in acceleration of repayment of all amounts then outstanding. The ABL Agreement also requires the Company to satisfy and maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of not less than to 1.0 (i) in the event that availability under the ABL Agreement is less than the greater of (a) of the borrowing base and (b) million; (ii) to complete certain specified transactions; or (iii) if an event of default has occurred and is continuing. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of outstanding letters of credit, but borrowings outstanding under the ABL Agreement. The total amount available to be drawn as of December 31, 2022 was million, calculated based on the current borrowing base less outstanding borrowings, if any, and letters of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants under the ABL Agreement. 
 2026 Notes 
 On March 19, 2021, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its convertible senior notes due 2026 (the "2026 Notes") pursuant to an indenture, dated as of March 19, 2021 (the "2026 Indenture"), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee. Net proceeds from the 2026 Notes offering, after deducting issuance costs, totaled million. The Company used million of the cash proceeds to purchase million principal amount of the outstanding 2023 Notes at a discount, with the balance added to cash on-hand. 
 The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per year and will mature on April 1, 2026, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on April 1 and October 1 of each year. Additional interest and special interest may accrue on the 2026 Notes under certain circumstances as described in the 2026 Indenture. The initial conversion rate is 95.3516 shares of the Company's common stock per 1,000 principal amount of the 2026 Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of per share of common stock). The conversion rate, and thus the conversion price, may be adjusted under certain circumstances as described in the 2026 Indenture. The Company's intent is to repay the principal amount of the 2026 Notes in cash and settle the conversion feature in shares of the Company's common stock. As of December 31, 2022, none of the conditions allowing holders of the 2026 Notes to convert, or requiring us to repurchase the 2026 Notes, had been met. 
 2023 Notes 
 On January 30, 2018, the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of its convertible senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 Notes") pursuant to an indenture, dated as of January 30, 2018 (the "2023 Indenture"), between the Company and Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as successor trustee. As of December 31, 2022, million principal amount of the 2023 Notes remained outstanding. The 2023 Notes bore interest at a rate of per year, and matured and were repaid in full on February 15, 2023. 
 2021 2020 
 -73- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 million promissory note (the "GEO Note") that bore interest at per annum (subject to adjustment) and was scheduled to mature on July 12, 2019. Payments due under the GEO Note were subject to set-off, in full or in part, against certain indemnification claims related to matters occurring prior to the GEODynamics Acquisition. The Company asserted indemnification claims against the seller of GEODynamics (the "GEO Seller"), and the GEO Seller filed a breach of contract suit against the Company alleging that payments due under the GEO Note were required to be repaid in accordance with the terms of such note. The Company incurred settlement costs and expenses of million related to such indemnification claims, and as of June 28, 2022 had reduced the carrying amount of such note in the consolidated balance sheet to million, which was its then-current best estimate of what was owed after set-off for such indemnification matters. As further discussed in Note 15, "Commitments and Contingencies," on June 28, 2022, the Company settled its disputes with the GEO Seller, which included the full and final settlement of all amounts due under the GEO Note. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, on July 1, 2022, the Company paid the GEO Seller million in cash, issued approximately million shares of its common stock (having a market value of million) and extinguished the million carrying value of the GEO Note along with accrued interest of million. 
 
 8. 
 
 Operating lease asset additions are offset by a corresponding increase to operating lease liabilities and do not impact the consolidated statement of cash flows at commencement. The non-cash effect of operating lease additions in 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled million, million and million, respectively. 
 Leases with initial term of 12 months or less Total operating lease expense 
 During 2020, the Downhole Technologies segment closed certain leased facilities in connection with restructuring activities and recognized a non-cash impairment charge of million to reduce the carrying value of the related operating lease assets to their estimated realizable value. 
 During 2021, the Well Site Services segment recognized non-cash operating lease asset impairment charges of million associated with the closure of certain leased facilities. During 2021, the segment also recorded an additional million charge for other expenses associated with the exit of a leased facility. 
 -74- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities Less: Current portion ) Total long-term operating lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 9. 
 par value, outstanding during 2022 (in thousands): 
 Issued Treasury Stock Outstanding Shares of common stock outstanding December 31, 2020 Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures Shares withheld for taxes on vesting of stock awards ) Shares of common stock outstanding December 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock to seller of GEODynamics, Inc. (Note 15) 
 Restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures Shares withheld for taxes on vesting of stock awards ) Shares of common stock outstanding December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company had shares of preferred stock, par value, authorized, with shares issued or outstanding. 
 On February 16, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized million for the repurchases of the Company's common stock, par value per share, through February 2025. Subject to applicable securities laws, such purchases will be at such times and in such amounts as the Company deems appropriate. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, reported as a component of stockholders' equity, primarily relates to fluctuations in currency exchange rates against the U.S. dollar as used to translate certain of the international operations of the Company's operating segments. Accumulated other comprehensive loss increased from million at December 31, 2021 to million at December 31, 2022. During 2021, in addition to the impact of changes in currency exchange rates, million in historical currency translation adjustments were reclassified to net loss upon the liquidation of an international operation. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, currency translation adjustments recognized as a component of other comprehensive loss were primarily attributable to the United Kingdom and Brazil. 
 -75- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 compared to the U.S. dollar while the Brazilian real strengthened by compared to the U.S. dollar, contributing to other comprehensive loss of million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the exchange rate for the British pound and the Brazilian real weakened by and , respectively, compared to the U.S. dollar, contributing to other comprehensive loss of million. 
 
 10.) ) ) Foreign ) Total ) ) ) 
 The 2021 foreign losses before income taxes included the reclassification of million in historical currency translation adjustments upon the liquidation of an international operation, which were not deductible for income tax purposes. Additionally, the 2020 U.S. losses before income taxes included non-cash goodwill impairment charges of million. Approximately million of the goodwill impairment charges were not deductible for income tax purposes in 2020. 
 ) U.S. state Foreign ) ) ) Deferred: United States ) ) U.S. state ) ) ) Foreign ) ) ) ) Total income tax provision (benefit) ) ) ) ) Effect of foreign income taxed at different rates ) Foreign income subject to U.S. taxes State income taxes, net of federal benefits ) ) Valuation allowances against tax assets Non-deductible compensation Other non-deductible expenses, net Release of foreign currency translation adjustments on liquidation of an international operation Impairments of goodwill Effect of CARES Act ) Total income tax provision (benefit) ) ) 
 -76- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Net operating loss carryforwards Inventories Operating lease liabilities Employee benefits Other Gross deferred tax asset Valuation allowance ) ) Net deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Tax over book depreciation ) ) Intangible assets ) ) Operating lease assets ) ) Other ) ) Deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 Deferred tax liability ) ) Net deferred tax liability ) ) 
 On March 27, 2020, the CARES Act was signed into law. In accordance with the rules and provisions under the CARES Act, the Company filed carryback claims regarding U.S. net operating losses generated in 2018 and 2019. Prior to the enactment of the CARES Act, such tax losses could only be carried forward. The Company recognized a discrete tax benefit of million and received cash of million related to these CARES Act carryback claims in 2020. 
 The Company had million of U.S. federal NOL carryforwards as of December 31, 2022, which can be carried forward indefinitely. Approximately million of the U.S. federal NOL carryforwards are attributable to the acquired GEODynamics operations and are subject to certain limitation provisions. The Company's U.S. state NOL carryforwards as of December 31, 2022 totaled million, of which million are attributable to the acquired GEODynamics operations and are subject to certain limitation provisions. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had NOL carryforwards related to certain of its international operations totaling million, of which million can be carried forward indefinitely. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded valuation allowances of million and million, respectively, primarily with respect to foreign and U.S. state NOL carryforwards. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's foreign tax credit carryforwards totaled million and million, respectively. These foreign tax credits will expire in varying amounts from 2023 to 2029. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had recorded valuation allowances of million and million, respectively, with respect to foreign tax credit carryforwards. 
 The Company files tax returns in the jurisdictions in which they are required. These returns are subject to examination or audit and possible adjustment as a result of assessments by taxing authorities. The Company believes that it has recorded sufficient tax liabilities and does not expect that the resolution of any examination or audit of its tax returns will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated operating results, financial condition or liquidity. 
 Tax years subsequent to 2013 remain open to U.S. federal tax audit. Foreign subsidiary federal tax returns subsequent to 2012 are subject to audit by various foreign tax authorities. 
 -77- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 . The Company accrues interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the Company's provision for income taxes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accrued interest expense or penalties. 
 
 11.) ) ) Less: Income attributable to unvested restricted stock awards Numerator for basic net loss per share ) ) ) Effect of dilutive securities: Unvested restricted stock awards Numerator for diluted net loss per share ) ) ) Denominators: Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Less: Weighted average number of unvested restricted stock awards outstanding ) ) ) Denominator for basic and diluted net loss per share Net loss per share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) 
 The calculation of diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 excluded thousand shares, thousand shares and thousand shares, respectively, issuable pursuant to outstanding stock options, due to their antidilutive effect. Additionally, shares issuable upon conversion of both the 2023 Notes and the 2026 Notes were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 due to, among other factors, the Company's share price. 
 
 12. 
 million, million and million, respectively. 
 Restricted Stock Awards 
 The restricted stock program consists of a combination of service-based restricted stock and performance-based restricted stock. The number of performance-based restricted shares ultimately issued under the program is dependent upon achievement of predefined specific performance objectives generally measured over a period. The performance objectives for performance-based restricted stock units granted in 2022 and 2021 are based on the Company's cumulative EBITDA over a period. The performance objective for performance-based stock units granted in 2020 is based on the Company's EBITDA growth rate over a period. 
 -78- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 of the target award may be granted. Conversely, if actual performance falls below the predefined target, the number of shares vested is reduced. If the actual performance falls below the threshold performance level, no restricted shares will vest. Service-based restricted stock awards generally vest on a straight-line basis over a term. 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) ) Unvested, December 31, 2022 
 The total fair value of restricted stock awards that vested in 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million and million, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was million of total compensation costs related to unvested restricted stock awards not yet recognized, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average vesting period of years. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately million shares were available for future grant under the Company's Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan. 
 Stock Options 
 options were awarded or exercised in 2022, 2021 or 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had thousand stock options outstanding and exercisable, with exercise prices ranging from to and a weighted-average contractual life of years. 
 Long-Term Cash Incentive Awards 
 The Company issued conditional long-term cash incentive awards ("Cash Awards") totaling million in both 2022 and 2021. The performance measure for these Cash Awards is relative total stockholder return compared to a peer group of companies measured over a period. The ultimate dollar amount to be awarded for each annual grant ranges from to a maximum of million, but is limited to the targeted award value if the Company's total stockholder return is negative over the respective performance period. Obligations related to these Cash Awards are classified as liabilities and recognized over the vesting period. 
 
 13. 
 million, million and million primarily related to matching contributions under its various defined contribution plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 -79- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 million, which are classified as "Other noncurrent assets" and "Other noncurrent liabilities" in the Company's consolidated balance sheet. The fair value of the investments held by the Trust was based on quoted market prices in active markets (a Level 1 fair value measurement). 
 
 14. 
 -80- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Well Site Services Downhole Technologies ) Corporate ) Total 2021 Offshore/Manufactured Products Well Site Services (2) 
 ) Downhole Technologies (3) 
 ) Corporate ) Total ) 2020 Offshore/Manufactured Products (4) 
 ) Well Site Services (5) 
 ) Downhole Technologies (6) 
 ) Corporate ) ) Total ) 
 ________________ 
 (1) Operating income included a million gain on settlement of outstanding litigation. 
 (2) Operating loss included non-cash inventory and fixed and operating lease asset impairment charges of million and million, respectively. 
 (3) Operating loss included a non-cash inventory impairment charge of million. 
 (4) Operating loss included non-cash goodwill and inventory impairment charges of million and million, respectively. 
 (5) Operating loss included non-cash goodwill, inventory and fixed asset impairment charges of million, million and million, respectively. 
 (6) Operating loss included non-cash goodwill, inventory and fixed and operating lease impairment charges of million, million and million, respectively. 
 See Note 4, "Asset Impairments and Other Charges and Benefits," and Note 5, "Details of Selected Balance Sheet Accounts," for further discussion of these and other charges and benefits. 
 No customer individually accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's 2022, 2021 or 2020 consolidated revenues or individually accounted for greater than 10 of the Company's consolidated accounts receivable at December 31, 2022. 
 The Company's Offshore/Manufactured Products segment has numerous facilities around the world that generate both product and service revenues, and it is common for the segment to provide both installation and other services for products it manufactures. While substantially all depreciation and amortization expense for the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment relates to cost of revenues, it does not segregate or capture depreciation or amortization expense between product and service cost. For the Downhole Technologies segment, substantially all depreciation and amortization expense relates to cost of products while substantially all depreciation and amortization expense for the Well Site Services segment relates to cost of services. Operating income (loss) excludes equity in net income of unconsolidated affiliates, which is immaterial and not reported separately herein. 
 -81- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 Short-cycle: Completion products and services Drilling services Other products Total short-cycle Other products and services 
 Long-lived assets 2021 Revenues from unaffiliated customers Long-lived assets 2020 Revenues from unaffiliated customers Long-lived assets 
 
 15. 
 million. The Company asserted indemnification claims for such settlement amount and related costs of million against the GEO Seller and pursed its right to set-off such amounts against payments due under the GEO Note. As of June 28, 2022, the Company had reduced the carrying amount of such note in its consolidated balance sheet to million, which was the Company's then-current best estimate of what was owed after set-off for such indemnification matters prior to the settlement of the counterclaim described below. 
 -82- 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Continued) 

 million in U.S. federal income tax carryback claims received by the Company under the provisions of the CARES Act. On February 15, 2021, following the federal magistrate's report and recommendation that the federal district court dismiss the GEO Seller's lawsuit for lack of federal jurisdiction, the GEO Seller dismissed the federal lawsuit without prejudice and refiled its lawsuit in state court. On September 20, 2021, the state court denied the GEO Seller's motion for partial summary judgement. In December 2021, the Company filed a counterclaim against the GEO Seller alleging material misrepresentations and breaches of warranties by the GEO Seller with respect to GEODynamics' liability for anti-dumping and countervailing duties. 
 On June 28, 2022, the Company entered into a settlement agreement (the "Settlement Agreement") with the GEO Seller, related to the matters discussed above (the "Settlement"), which included the full and final settlement of all amounts due pursuant to the GEO Note million in principal amount and accrued interest of million outstanding as of June 28, 2022). Pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, the Company and the GEO Seller agreed to the resolution of such disputes through, among other matters: (i) the payment by the Company of million in cash and (ii) the issuance by the Company of shares of its common stock (having a market value of million on the date of issuance). The payment and issuance of common stock were made on July 1, 2022. In connection with the execution of the Settlement Agreement, the Company recognized a non-cash settlement charge of million in the second quarter of 2022. 
 In August 2022, the Offshore/Manufactured Products segment settled outstanding litigation against certain service providers in exchange for cash totaling million. In connection with this settlement, the Company recognized a gain of million (net of legal and other related costs) in the third quarter of 2022, which is included in other operating income, net. 
 
 16. 
 ) ) Allowance for excess or obsolete inventory ) ) Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) Year Ended December 31, 2021: Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable ) ) Allowance for excess or obsolete inventory ) ) Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) Year Ended December 31, 2020: Allowance for doubtful accounts receivable ) Allowance for excess or obsolete inventory ) Valuation allowance on deferred tax assets ) 
 
 -83- 

<EX-3.2>
 2
 ois_20221231xex32.htm
 EX-3.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 3.2 

FIFTH 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS 
 OF 
 OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 16, 2023 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 ARTICLE I OFFICES AND RECORDS 
 1 ARTICLE II STOCKHOLDERS 
 1 Section 2.1 Annual Meeting 
 1 Section 2.2 Special Meeting 
 1 Section 2.3 Place of Meetings 
 1 Section 2.4 Closing of Transfer Books and Fixing Record Date 
 1 Section 2.5 Notice of Meeting 
 2 Section 2.6 Quorum and Adjournment Voting 
 2 Section 2.7 Proxies 
 2 Section 2.8 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote 
 3 Section 2.9 Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations 
 3 Section 2.10 Procedure for Election of Directors Required Vote 
 6 Section 2.11 Inspectors of Elections Opening and Closing the Polls 
 6 Section 2.12 Conduct of Meetings 
 6 Section 2.13 Meetings by Remote Communication 
 7 ARTICLE III THE BOARD 
 7 Section 3.1 General Powers 
 7 Section 3.2 Number Qualifications and Tenure 
 7 Section 3.3 Special Meetings 
 7 Section 3.4 Notice of Meetings 
 7 Section 3.5 Action by Consent of Board 
 7 Section 3.6 Meetings by Remote Communication 
 8 Section 3.7 Quorum 
 8 Section 3.8 Vacancies Increases in the Number of Directors 
 8 Section 3.9 Committees 
 8 Section 3.10 Removal 
 8 Section 3.11 Records 
 8 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 
 8 Section 4.1 Elected Officers 
 8 Section 4.2 Election and Term of Office 
 9 Section 4.3 Chairman of the Board 
 9 Section 4.4 Chief Executive Officer 
 9 Section 4.5 President 
 9 Section 4.6 Vice Presidents 
 9 Section 4.7 Treasurer 
 9 Section 4.8 Secretary 
 9 Section 4.9 Assistant Secretaries 
 9 Section 4.10 Removal 
 10 Section 4.11 Vacancies 
 10 
 i 

ARTICLE V STOCK CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFERS 
 10 Section 5.1 Stock Certificates 
 10 Section 5.2 Transfers of Stock 
 10 Section 5.3 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates 
 10 ARTICLE VI INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
 10 Section 6.1 Right to Indemnification 
 10 Section 6.2 Right of Claimant to Bring Suit 
 11 Section 6.3 Non-Exclusivity of Rights 
 11 Section 6.4 Insurance 
 12 Section 6.5 Severability 
 12 ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 12 Section 7.1 Fiscal Year 
 12 Section 7.2 Dividends 
 12 Section 7.3 Seal 
 12 Section 7.4 Waiver of Notice 
 12 Section 7.5 Audits 
 12 Section 7.6 Resignations 
 12 Section 7.7 Electronic Transmissions 
 12 ARTICLE VIII CONTRACTS AND PROXIES 
 13 Section 8.1 Contracts 
 13 Section 8.2 Proxies 
 13 ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS 
 13 
 ii 

FIFTH AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAWS OF OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 These Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Oil States International, Inc. (the Corporation were adopted by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board on February 16, 2023 and duly executed and acknowledged by the officers of the Corporation in accordance with Section 109 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware DGCL ). 
 ARTICLE I OFFICES AND RECORDS 
 The Corporation shall maintain a registered office in Delaware and may maintain other offices and keep its books, documents and records at such places within or without Delaware as may, from time to time, be designated by the Board. 
 ARTICLE II STOCKHOLDERS 
 Section 2.1 Annual Meeting . The annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, for the election of directors to succeed those whose terms expire and for the transaction of other business as may properly come before the meeting, shall be held at such place, if any, either within or outside the State of Delaware, on such date and at such time as may be fixed by resolution of the Board and set forth in the notice of the meeting. 
 Section 2.2 Special Meeting . Except as otherwise required by law and except as otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation (the Certificate of Incorporation ), including any certificate of designations (i.e., any Preferred Stock Designation as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) relating to the rights of the holders of any class or series of stock having a preference over the Common Stock, special meetings of the stockholders of the Corporation for any purpose or purposes may be called only by 
 (a) the Board, pursuant to a resolution stating the purpose or purposes thereof approved by a majority of the Board, or 
 (b) the Chairman of the Board. 
 The Board may adjourn, postpone, reschedule or cancel any special meeting of stockholders previously scheduled by the Board for any reason, or without reason, whether or not a quorum is present. No business other than that stated in the notice shall be transacted at any special meeting. 
 Section 2.3 Place of Meetings . The Board or the Chairman of the Board, as the case may be, may designate the place of meeting for any annual or special meeting of the stockholders. If no designation is made, the place of meeting shall be the principal office of the Corporation. In lieu of holding a meeting of stockholders at a designated place, the Board may, in its sole discretion, determine that any meeting of stockholders may be held solely by means of remote communication or both at a physical place and by means of remote communication. 
 Section 2.4 Closing of Transfer Books and Fixing Record Date . For the purpose of determining stockholders entitled to notice of any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or stockholders entitled to receive a distribution by the Corporation (other than a distribution involving a purchase or redemption by the Corporation of any of its own shares) or a share dividend, or in order to make a determination of stockholders for any other proper purpose, the Board may fix in advance a date as the record date for any such determination of stockholders, such date in no case to be more than 60 days nor, in the case of a meeting of stockholders, less than 10 days prior to the date on which the particular action requiring the determination of stockholders is to be taken. If the 
 1 

Board so fixes a date, such date shall also be the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at any such meeting unless the Board determines, at the time it fixes such record date, that a later date on or before the date of the meeting shall be the date for making such determination. If no record date is fixed by the Board (a) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if in accordance with these Bylaws notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held and (b) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board adopts the resolution relating thereto. When a determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders has been made, as provided in this Section, the determination shall apply to any adjournment thereof provided , however , that the Board may fix a new record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and in such case shall also fix as the record date for stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned meeting the same or an earlier date as that fixed for determination of stockholders entitled to vote in accordance herewith at the adjourned meeting. 
 Section 2.5 Notice of Meeting . All notices of meetings of stockholders shall be sent or otherwise given by the Corporation not less than 10 calendar days nor more than 60 calendar days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. The notice shall specify the place, if any, date, hour of the meeting, the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting (if such date is different from the record date for determining the stockholders entitled to notice of the meeting), the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders and proxy holders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at the meeting, and, in the case of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. Holders of Preferred Stock, as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation, are not be entitled to receive notice of any meeting of stockholders at which they are not entitled to vote. Without limiting the manner by which notice may otherwise be given effectively to stockholders, any notice to stockholders may be given by electronic transmission in the manner provided in the DGCL. If mailed, notice to stockholders shall be deemed to be given when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at such person's address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. An affidavit of the Secretary or Assistant Secretary, proxy solicitor hired by the Corporation or of the transfer agent of the Corporation that the notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. Notice shall be deemed to have been given to all stockholders who share an address if notice is given in accordance with the householding rules set forth in Rule 14a-3(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and Section 233 of the DGCL. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as was included in the Corporation's notice of meeting. Meetings may be held without notice if all stockholders entitled to vote are present, or if notice is waived by those not present in accordance with Section 7.4 of these Bylaws. Any previously scheduled meeting of the stockholders may be postponed, and any special meeting of the stockholders may be canceled, by resolution of the Board upon public notice given prior to the date previously scheduled for the meeting of stockholders. 
 Section 2.6 Quorum and Adjournment Voting . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the holders of a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of Directors (as hereinafter defined) (the Voting Stock ), represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders, except that when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting as a class, the holders of a majority of the shares of that class or series shall constitute a quorum of the class or series for the transaction of business. The chairman of the meeting or a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time, for any reason or without reason, whether or not there is a quorum. No notice of the time and place of adjourned meetings need be given except as required by law or these Bylaws. The stockholders present in person or by proxy at a duly called meeting at which a quorum is present may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough stockholders to leave less than a quorum. 
 Section 2.7 Proxies . At all meetings of stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing (or in such other manner permitted by the DGCL, including electronic transmissions) by the stockholder or by the stockholder's duly authorized attorney-in-fact. 
 2 

Section 2.8 List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote . 
 (a) A complete list of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order for each class of stock and showing the address of each such stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of such stockholder, shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, (1) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided that the information required to gain access to the list is furnished with the notice of the meeting or (2) during ordinary business hours, at the principal place of business of the Corporation. 
 (b) If the Corporation determines to make the list available on an electronic network, the Corporation may take reasonable steps to ensure that the information is available only to stockholders. Nothing contained in this Section 2.8 shall require the Corporation to include electronic mail addresses or other electronic contact information on the list. 
 Section 2.9 Notice of Stockholder Business and Nominations . 
 (a) Annual Meetings of Stockholders . 
 (i) Nominations of persons for election to the Board and the proposal of business to be considered by the stockholders may be made at an annual meeting of stockholders (A) pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting in accordance with Section 2.5 of these Bylaws, (B) by or at the direction of the Board, or (C) by any stockholder of the Corporation who was a stockholder of record at the time the notice provided for by this Section 2.9 is delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation, who is entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth below. For the avoidance of doubt, the foregoing clause (C) shall be the exclusive means for a stockholder to make nominations or propose other business at an annual meeting of stockholders (other than a proposal included in the Corporation s proxy statement pursuant to and in compliance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act). 
 (ii) For nominations or other business to be properly brought before an annual meeting by a stockholder pursuant to clause (C) of Section 2.9(a)(i) hereof, the stockholder must have given timely notice thereof in writing to the Secretary of the Corporation in accordance with this Section 2.9 and, in the case of business other than nominations, such other business must otherwise be a proper matter for stockholder action under the DGCL. To be considered timely, a stockholder's notice shall be delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 120th calendar day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting provided , however , that in the event that the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 calendar days before or more than 30 calendar days after the anniversary date, notice by the stockholder to be timely must be so delivered not later than the close of business on the later of (A) the 120th calendar day prior to the annual meeting or (B) the 10th calendar day following the calendar day on which public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made by the Corporation. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment of an annual meeting commence a new time period (or extend any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. 
 (iii) A stockholder's notice shall set forth 
 (A) as to each person whom the stockholder proposes to nominate for election or re-election as a director, all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, including such person's written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director, if elected, for the full term for which such person is standing for election provided , however , that, in addition to the information required in the stockholder s notice pursuant to this Section 2.9(a)(iii) , such person shall also provide the Corporation such other information that the Corporation may reasonably request and that is necessary to permit the Corporation to determine the eligibility and qualifications of such person to serve as a director of the Corporation, including information relevant to a determination whether such person can be considered an independent director) 
 3 

(B) as to any other business that the stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting, the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration), which is not to exceed 500 words, and in the event that such business includes a proposal to amend the bylaws of the Corporation, the language of the proposed amendment, the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting and any material interest in such business of such stockholder and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the proposal is made and 
 (C) as to the stockholder giving the notice and the beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or proposal is made (i) the name and address of such stockholder, as they appear on the Corporation's books, and of such beneficial owner (ii) the class or series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation held of record and beneficially by such stockholder and such beneficial owner as of the date of the notice, and a representation that the stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing within five business days after the record date for such meeting of the class or series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation owned of record by the stockholder and such beneficial owner as of the record date for the meeting and 
 (D) as to the stockholder giving the notice or, if the notice is given on behalf of a beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination is made or the other business is proposed, as to such beneficial owner, and if such stockholder or beneficial owner is an entity, as to each director, executive, managing member or control person of such entity (any such individual or control person, a control person (i) the class or series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation held of record and beneficially by such stockholder or beneficial owner and by any control person as of the date of the notice, and a representation that the stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing within five business days after the record date for such meeting of the class or series and number of shares of stock of the Corporation beneficially owned by such stockholder or beneficial owner and by any control person as of the record date for the meeting (ii) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the nomination or proposal between or among such stockholder, beneficial owner, or control person and any others acting in concert with any of the foregoing, and a representation that the stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing within five business days after the record date for such meeting of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting (iii) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, and borrowed or loaned shares) that has been entered into as of the date of the stockholder's notice by, or on behalf of, such stockholder, beneficial owner or control person, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for, or increase or decrease the voting power of, such stockholder, beneficial owner or control person, with respect to shares of stock of the Corporation, and a representation that the stockholder will notify the Corporation in writing within five business days after the record date for such meeting of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting (iv) the name in which all such shares of stock are registered on the stock transfer books of the Corporation, (v) a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear (or have a qualified representative appear) at the meeting in person or by proxy to submit the business or nomination specified in such notice, (vi) a representation whether the stockholder, the beneficial owner or the control person, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (a) to deliver a proxy statement and or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Corporation's outstanding capital stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee and or (b) otherwise to solicit proxies from stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination, and (vii) all other information relating to the proposed business or nomination which may be required to be disclosed under applicable law. 
 The Corporation may require any proposed nominee to furnish such other information as it may reasonably require to determine the eligibility of such proposed nominee to serve as a director of the Corporation. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything in the second sentence of paragraph (a)(ii) of this Bylaw to the contrary, in the event that the number of Directors to be elected to the Board is increased and there is no public announcement by the Corporation either naming all of the nominees for Director or specifying the size of the increased Board at least 120 calendar days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year's annual meeting, a stockholder's notice required by this Section 2.9 shall also be considered timely, but only with respect to nominees 
 4 

for any new positions created by such increase, if it is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the 10th calendar day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by the Corporation. 
 (b) Special Meetings of the Stockholders . Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting under Section 2.5 of these Bylaws. Nominations of persons for election to the Board may be made at a special meeting of stockholders at which Directors are to be elected pursuant to the Corporation's notice of meeting (i) by or at the direction of the Board, provided that the Board has determined that Directors shall be elected at such meeting, or (ii) provided that one or more directors are to be elected at such meeting, by any stockholder of the Corporation who is a stockholder of record at the time of giving of notice provided for in this Section 2.9 , who shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies with the notice procedures set forth in this Section 2.9 . In the event the Corporation calls a special meeting of stockholders for the purpose of electing one or more Directors to the Board, any stockholder entitled to vote in such election of directors may nominate a person or persons (as the case may be) for election to such position(s) as specified in the Corporation's notice of meeting pursuant to clause (ii) if the stockholder's notice required by paragraphs (a)(ii) and (a)(iii) of Section 2.9 is delivered to the Secretary at the principal executive offices of the Corporation not later than the close of business on the later of the 120th calendar day prior to such special meeting or the 10th calendar day following the day on which public announcement is first made of the date of the special meeting and of the nominees proposed by the Board to be elected at such meeting. In no event shall the public announcement of an adjournment of a special meeting commence a new time period (or extent any time period) for the giving of a stockholder's notice as described above. 
 (c) General . 
 (i) Only the persons who are nominated in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Bylaw are eligible to serve as Directors and only such business shall be conducted at a meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.9 . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, the chairman of the meeting shall have the power and duty to determine whether a nomination or any business proposed to be brought before the meeting was made or proposed, as the case may be, in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 2.9 and, if any proposed nomination or business in not in compliance with this Section 2.9 , to declare that the defective proposal or nomination will be disregarded. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 2.9 , unless otherwise required by law, or otherwise determined by the Board, the Chairman of the Board, or the chairman of the meeting, if the stockholder does not provide the information required under this Section 2.9 , including any updated information required pursuant to this Section 2.9 , or if the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder) does not appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation to present a nomination or other business, such nomination shall be disregarded and such other business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by the Corporation. 
 (ii) Any stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, or any of their respective affiliates, associates, or others acting in concert therewith, directly or indirectly soliciting proxies for the election of directors must use a proxy card color other than white, which shall be reserved for exclusive use by the Corporation. 
 (iii) For purposes of this Section 2.9 , public announcement shall mean disclosure in a press release reported by the Dow Jones News Service, Associated Press or comparable national news service or in a document publicly filed or furnished by the Corporation with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 (iv) If a stockholder or beneficial owner, if any, or any of their respective affiliates, associates, or others acting in concert therewith intend to solicit proxies in support of any director nominee other than the Corporation s nominees, such person shall, in addition to the requirements of this Section 2.9 
 (A) Deliver to the Corporation, no later than the earlier of the time provided in this Section 2.9 or the time provided in Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act, the notice and other information required in Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act and 
 5 

(B) Deliver to the Corporation, no later than five business days prior to the applicable meeting of stockholders, reasonable evidence that it (including any others acting in concert with it) has met the requirements of Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act with respect to such nominees. 
 Unless otherwise required by law, if any stockholder (1) provides notice pursuant to Rule 14a-19(b) of the Exchange Act and (2) subsequently fails to comply with any requirement of Rule 14a-19 of the Exchange Act or any other rules or regulations thereunder or fails timely to provide the evidence described in the preceding clause (B), then the Corporation shall disregard any proxies or votes solicited for such nominees, and such nominations shall be disregarded. 
 (v) In addition to the foregoing provisions, a stockholder shall also comply with all applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder with respect to the matters set forth in this Section 2.9 . Nothing in this Section 2.9 shall be deemed to affect any rights (A) of stockholders to request inclusion of proposals in the Corporation's proxy materials pursuant to the mandatory provisions under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder or (B) of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect Directors under an applicable Preferred Stock Designation (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation). 
 Section 2.10 Procedure for Election of Directors Required Vote . Election of Directors at all meetings of the stockholders at which Directors are to be elected need not be by written ballot unless otherwise determined by the Board prior to such meeting, and, subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to elect Directors under an applicable Preferred Stock Designation, a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors cast thereat shall elect Directors. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, any Preferred Stock Designation (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) or these Bylaws, in all matters other than the election of Directors, the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the matter shall be the act of the stockholders. 
 Section 2.11 Inspectors of Elections Opening and Closing the Polls . The Board by resolution shall appoint, or shall authorize an officer of the Corporation to appoint, one or more inspectors, which inspector or inspectors may include individuals who serve the Corporation in other capacities, including, without limitation, as officers, employees, agents or representatives, to act at the meetings of stockholders and make a written report thereof. One or more persons may be designated as alternate inspector(s) to replace any inspector who fails to act. If no inspector or alternate has been appointed to act or is able to act at a meeting of the stockholders, the chairman of the meeting shall appoint one or more inspectors to act at the meeting. Each inspector, before discharging such person's duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector with strict impartiality and according to the best of such person's ability. The inspector(s) shall have the duties prescribed by law. The chairman of the meeting shall fix and announce at the meeting the date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting. 
 Section 2.12 Conduct of Meetings . The Board may to the extent not prohibited by law adopt such rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board, the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may to the extent not prohibited by law include, without limitation, the following (a) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting (b) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present (c) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine (d) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof (e) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants (f) regulations for the opening and closing of the polls for balloting and matters which are to be voted on by ballot (if any) (g) restrictions on the use of any photographic or audio or video recording devices (including cellular phones) at the meeting and (h) procedures (if any) requiring attendees to provide the Corporation advance notice of their intent to attend the meeting. The date and time of the opening and closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be 
 6 

announced at the meeting by the person presiding over the meeting. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders are not required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 
 Section 2.13 Meetings by Remote Communication . If authorized by the Board, and subject to any guidelines and procedures that the Board may adopt, stockholders and proxy holders not physically present at a meeting of stockholders may, by means of remote communication, participate in the meeting and be deemed present in person and vote at the meeting, whether the meeting is to be held in a designated place or solely by means of remote communication, provided that (a) the Corporation implements reasonable measures to verify that each person deemed present and permitted to vote at the meeting by means of remote communication is a stockholder or proxy holder (b) the Corporation implements reasonable measures to provide stockholders and proxy holders a reasonable opportunity to participate in the meeting and to vote on matters submitted to the stockholders, including the opportunity to read or hear the proceedings in the meeting substantially concurrently with such proceedings and (c) if the stockholder or proxy holder votes or takes other action at the meeting by means of remote communication, a record of the vote or other action is maintained by the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE III THE BOARD 
 Section 3.1 General Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of the Board. In addition to the powers and authorities expressly conferred upon the Board by these Bylaws, the Board may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. Except as otherwise provided by law, these Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, all decisions of the Board shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present. 
 Section 3.2 Number Qualifications and Tenure . The number of the Directors constituting the entire Board shall be fixed form time to time by resolution of the Board. A Director need not be a stockholder of the Corporation. Any Director so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which he or she has been elected expires and until the Director's successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. No decrease in the number of authorized Directors shall shorten the term of any incumbent director. 
 Section 3.3 Special Meetings . A special meeting of the Board may be called at any time at the request of (a) the Chairman of the Board or (b) any four Directors. The place of any special meeting shall be the corporate headquarters of the Corporation unless otherwise agreed by a majority of the Directors. 
 Section 3.4 Notice of Meetings . Notice of the time and place of regular and special meetings shall be delivered in person or by telephone to each director or sent by first-class mail, addressed to each director at that director's address as it is shown on the records of the Corporation, or electronic transmission. If the notice is mailed, it shall be deposited in the United States mail at least 7 days prior to any regular or special meeting. If the notice is delivered in person, by telephone or electronic transmission, it shall be delivered at least 3 days prior to any regular meeting and 24 hours prior to any special meeting. The notice for a special meeting need not specify the purpose or place of the meeting if the meeting is to be held at the corporate headquarters of the Corporation. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the Board need be specified in the notice of such meeting, except for amendments to these Bylaws, as provided under Article IX . A meeting may be held at any time without notice if all the Directors are present or if those not present waive notice of the meeting in accordance with Section 7.4 of these Bylaws. As used in these Bylaws, the term Business Day shall mean any day on which banks are generally open to conduct business in the State of Texas. 
 Section 3.5 Action by Consent of Board . To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Board and any committee thereof may act without a meeting so long as all members of the Board or committee have executed a written consent with respect to any Board action taken in lieu of a meeting. 
 7 

Section 3.6 Meetings by Remote Communication . Members of the Board or any committee thereof may participate in a meeting of the Board or such committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 
 Section 3.7 Quorum . A majority of the entire Board present in person, participating in accordance with Section 3.6 or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, but if at any meeting of the Board there is less than a quorum present, a majority of the Directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice. Subject to any provisions of any law, these Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation, the act of the majority of the Directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. The Directors present at a duly organized meeting may continue to transact business until adjournment, notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough Directors to leave less than a quorum. 
 Section 3.8 Vacancies Increases in the Number of Directors . Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of Directors may be filled by a majority of the Directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or a sole remaining Director and any Director so chosen shall hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders at which the term of office of the class to which he or she has been elected expires and until the Director's successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 
 Section 3.9 Committees . The Board may establish one or more committees and may delegate certain of its responsibilities to such committees. Unless the Board otherwise provides, a majority of the members of any committee may fix the time and place of its meetings and may determine its action. Notice of committee meetings shall be given to each member of the committee in the manner provided for in Section 3.4 of these Bylaws. The Board shall have power at any time to fill vacancies in, to change the membership of, or to dissolve any such committee. Nothing herein shall be deemed to prevent the Board from appointing one or more committees consisting in whole or in part of persons who are not Directors provided , however , that no such committee shall have or may exercise any authority of the Board. 
 Section 3.10 Removal . Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, any Director or the entire Board may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the Voting Stock. 
 Section 3.11 Records . The Board shall cause to be kept a record containing the minutes of the proceedings of the meetings of the Board and of the stockholders, appropriate stock books and registers and such books of records and accounts as may be necessary for the proper conduct of the business of the Corporation. 
 ARTICLE IV OFFICERS 
 Section 4.1 Elected Officers . The executive officers of the Corporation shall be selected by, and serve at the pleasure of, the Board. Such officers shall have the authority and duties delegated to each of them, respectively, by the Board from time to time. The elected officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman of the Board, a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and such other officers (including, without limitation, Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents) as the Board from time to time may deem proper. The Chairman of the Board shall be chosen from among the Directors. All officers elected by the Board shall each have such powers and duties as generally pertain to their respective offices, subject to the specific provisions of this Article IV . The Board or any committee thereof may from time to time elect, or the Chairman of the Board may appoint, such other officers (including one or more Vice Presidents, Controllers, Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers), as may be necessary or desirable for the conduct of the business of the Corporation. Such other officers and agents shall have such duties and shall hold their offices for such terms as shall be provided in these Bylaws or as may be prescribed by the Board or such committee or by the Chairman of the Board, as the case may be. 
 8 

Section 4.2 Election and Term of Office . The elected officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the Board at the regular meeting of the Board held after the annual meeting of the stockholders. If the election of officers is not held at such meeting, the election shall be held as soon thereafter as convenient. Each officer shall hold office until such person's successor is duly elected and qualified or until such person's death or until he or she resigns or is removed pursuant to these Bylaws. 
 Section 4.3 Chairman of the Board . The Chairman of the Board shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and of the Board. If the Chairman of the Board is not present at a meeting of the stockholders or the Board, another director chosen by the Board shall preside. He or she shall make reports to the Board and the stockholders and shall see that all orders and resolutions of the Board and of any committee thereof are carried into effect. The Chairman of the Board may also serve as President or Chief Executive Officer, if so elected by the Board. The Directors also may elect a vice-chairman to act in the place of the Chairman upon his or her absence or inability to act. 
 Section 4.4 Chief Executive Officer . The Chief Executive Officer shall be responsible for the general management of the affairs of the Corporation and shall perform all duties incidental to such person's office which may be required by law and all such other duties as are properly required of him by the Board. Unless the Board has elected a vice-chairman and such vice-chairman is able to act in the place of the Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, if he is also a Director, shall, in the absence of or because of the inability to act of the Chairman, perform all duties of the Chairman of the Board and preside at all meetings of stockholders and the Board unless otherwise determined by the Board. 
 Section 4.5 President . The President shall act in a general executive capacity and shall assist the Chief Executive Officer in the administration and operation of the Corporation's business and general supervision of its policies and affairs. The President shall have such other powers and shall perform such other duties as are assigned to him by the Board or the Chairman of the Board. 
 Section 4.6 Vice Presidents . Each Executive Vice President and Senior Vice President and any Vice President shall have such powers and perform such duties as are assigned to him by the Board or the Chairman of the Board. 
 Section 4.7 Treasurer . The Treasurer shall exercise general supervision over the receipt, custody and disbursement of corporate funds. The Treasurer shall cause the funds of the Corporation to be deposited in such banks as may be authorized by the Board, or in such banks as may be designated as depositories in the manner provided by resolution of the Board. The Treasurer shall, in general, perform all duties incident to the office of the Treasurer and shall have such further powers and duties and shall be subject to such directions as may be granted or imposed from time to time by the Board or the Chairman of the Board. 
 Section 4.8 Secretary . The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, in one or more books provided for that purpose, the minutes of all meetings of the Board, the committees of the Board and the stockholders. The Secretary shall see that all notices are duly given in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws and as required by law shall be custodian of the records and the seal of the Corporation and affix and attest the seal to all stock certificates of the Corporation (unless the seal of the Corporation on such certificates shall be a facsimile, as hereinafter provided) and affix and attest the seal to all other documents to be executed on behalf of the Corporation under its seal and in general, shall perform all the duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to the Secretary by the Board or the Chairman of the Board. 
 Section 4.9 Assistant Secretaries . Assistant Secretaries shall have such of the authority and perform such of the duties of the Secretary as may be provided in these Bylaws or assigned to them by the Board, the Chairman of the Board or the Secretary. Assistant Secretaries shall assist the Secretary in the performance of the duties assigned to the Secretary, and in assisting the Secretary, each Assistant Secretary shall for such purpose have the powers of the Secretary. During the Secretary's absence or inability, the Secretary's authority and duties shall be possessed by such Assistant Secretary or Assistant Secretaries as the Board or the Chairman of the Board may designate. 
 9 

Section 4.10 Removal . Any officer elected, or agent appointed, by the Board may be removed by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board or, except in the case of an officer chosen by the Board, by the Chairman of the Board or any other officer upon whom such power of removal may be conferred by the Board. No elected officer shall have any contractual rights against the Corporation for compensation by virtue of such election beyond the date of the election of such person's successor or such person's death, resignation or removal, whichever event shall first occur, except as otherwise provided in an employment contract or under an employee deferred compensation plan. 
 Section 4.11 Vacancies . A newly created elected office and a vacancy in any elected office because of death, resignation or removal may be filled by the Board, the Corporation's Chairman of the Board or any other officer upon whom such power may be conferred by the Board for the unexpired portion of the term. 
 ARTICLE V STOCK CERTIFICATES AND TRANSFERS 
 Section 5.1 Stock Certificates . The interest of each stockholder of the Corporation shall be evidenced by certificates for shares of stock in such form as the appropriate officers of the Corporation may from time to time prescribe. The certificates of stock shall be signed, countersigned and registered in such manner as the Board may by resolution prescribe, which resolution may permit all or any of the signatures on such certificates to be in facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate has ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions regarding share certificates, the proper officers of the Corporation may provide that some or all of any or all classes or series of the Corporation's common or any preferred shares may be uncertificated shares. 
 Section 5.2 Transfers of Stock . Upon surrender to the Corporation or the transfer agent of the Corporation of a certificate for shares duly endorsed or accompanied by proper evidence of succession, assignation or authority to transfer, it shall be the duty of the Corporation to issue a new certificate or evidence of the issuance of uncertificated shares to the person entitled thereto, cancel the old certificate, and record the transaction in the Corporation's books. 
 Upon the receipt of proper transfer instructions from the registered owner of uncertificated shares, the uncertificated shares shall be cancelled, issuance of new equivalent uncertificated shares or certificated shares shall be made to the stockholder entitled thereto and the transaction shall be recorded upon the books of the Corporation. If the Corporation has a transfer agent or registrar acting on its behalf, the signature of any officer or representative thereof may be in facsimile. 
 The Board may appoint a transfer agent and one or more co-transfer agents and registrar and one or more co-registrars and may make or authorize the agent to make all rules and regulations deemed expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of shares of stock. 
 Section 5.3 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates . No new certificate for shares of stock or uncertificated shares of stock of the Corporation shall be issued in place of any previously issued certificate alleged to have been lost, destroyed or stolen, except on production of evidence of such loss, destruction or theft and on delivery to the Corporation of a bond of indemnity in such amount, upon such terms and secured by such surety, as the Board or any financial officer may in its or such officer's discretion require. 
 ARTICLE VI INDEMNIFICATION OF DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS 
 Section 6.1 Right to Indemnification . Each person who was or is made a party to or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter, a proceeding ), by reason of the fact that such person, or a person of whom such person 
 10 

is the legal representative, is or was a Director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a Director, officer, employee or agent of another Corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a Director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a Director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the DGCL, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, to the fullest extent permitted by law, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees, judgments, fines, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and excise taxes or penalties arising under the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as in effect from time to time) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a Director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of such person's heirs, executors and administrators provided , however , that, except as provided in Section 6.2 , the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 6.1 shall be a contract right and shall include the right to have the Corporation pay the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its formal disposition, any advance payments to be paid by the Corporation within 20 calendar days after the receipt by the Corporation of a statement or statements from the claimant requesting such advance or advances from time to time provided , however , that, if and to the extent the DGCL requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a Director or officer in such person's capacity as a Director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a Director or officer including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such Director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such Director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 6.1 or otherwise. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by the Board, grant rights to indemnification, and rights to have the Corporation pay the expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition, to any employee or agent of the Corporation to the fullest extent of the provisions of this Article VI with respect to the indemnification and advancement of expenses of Directors and officers of the Corporation. 
 Section 6.2 Right of Claimant to Bring Suit . If a claim under Section 6.1 of this Article VI is not paid in full by the Corporation within 60 calendar days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standard of conduct which makes it permissible under the DGCL for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the circumstances that the claimant has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the DGCL, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 
 Section 6.3 Non-Exclusivity of Rights . The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred in this Article VI is not exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested Directors or otherwise. No repeal or modification of this Article VI shall in any way diminish or adversely affect the rights of any Director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any occurrence or matter arising prior to any such repeal or modification. 
 11 

Section 6.4 Insurance . The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any Director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under the DGCL. 
 Section 6.5 Severability . If any provision or provisions of this Article VI is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason whatsoever (a) the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Article VI containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and (b) to the fullest extent possible, the provisions of this Article VI (including, without limitation, each such portion of any paragraph of this Article VI containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to give effect to the intent manifested by the provision or provisions held invalid, illegal or unenforceable. 
 ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
 Section 7.1 Fiscal Year . The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin and end on such dates as the Board at any time shall determine by resolution. 
 Section 7.2 Dividends . The Board may from time to time declare, and the Corporation may pay, dividends on its outstanding shares in the manner and upon the terms and conditions provided by law and the Certificate of Incorporation. 
 Section 7.3 Seal . The corporate seal, if any, shall have inscribed thereon the words Corporate Seal, the year of incorporation and the word Delaware. 
 Section 7.4 Waiver of Notice . Whenever any notice is required to be given to any stockholder or Director under the provisions of the DGCL or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to such notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to the giving of such notice. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any annual or special meeting of the stockholders or the Board or committee thereof need be specified in any waiver of notice of such meeting. 
 Section 7.5 Audits . The accounts, books and records of the Corporation shall be audited upon the conclusion of each fiscal year by an independent certified public accountant selected by the Board or Board committee, and it shall be the duty of the Board or Board committee to cause such audit to be done annually. 
 Section 7.6 Resignations . Any Director or any officer, whether elected or appointed, may resign at any time by giving notice in writing or by electronic transmission of the resignation to the Corporation, and the resignation shall be deemed to be effective as of the close of business on the date the notice is received by the Corporation, or at such later time as is specified therein. No formal action is required by the Board or the stockholders to make the resignation effective, provided however that if such resignation is tendered by a Director to the Board or a committee of the Board solely to permit the Board or committee of the Board to consider the necessity of such resignation pursuant to any corporate governance guideline or policy of the Corporation, then such resignation will not be effective unless and until it is accepted by the Board or its designee. 
 Section 7.7 Electronic Transmissions . For purposes of these Bylaws, electronic transmission means any form of communication, not directly involving the physical transmission of paper, that creates a record that may be retained, retrieved, and reviewed by a recipient, and that may be directly reproduced in paper form by that recipient through an automated process. 
 12 

ARTICLE VIII CONTRACTS AND PROXIES 
 Section 8.1 Contracts . Except as otherwise required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation, a Preferred Stock Designation or these Bylaws, any contracts or other instruments may be executed and delivered in the name and on the behalf of the Corporation by an officer or officers of the Corporation as the Board may from time to time direct. Such authority may be general or confined to specific instances as the Board may determine. Unless provided otherwise by resolution of the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or Vice President may execute bonds, contracts, deeds, leases and other instruments to be made or executed for or on behalf of the Corporation. Subject to any restrictions imposed by the Board, the Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the President or any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or Vice President of the Corporation may delegate contractual powers to others under such person's jurisdiction, it being understood, however, that any such delegation of power shall not relieve the officer of responsibility with respect to the exercise of the delegated power. 
 Section 8.2 Proxies . Unless otherwise provided by resolution adopted by the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board, the President or any Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or Vice President may from time to time appoint an attorney or attorneys or agent or agents of the Corporation, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to cast the votes which the Corporation may be entitled to cast as the holder of stock or other securities in any other corporation, any of whose stock or other securities may be held by the Corporation, at meetings of the holders of the stock or other securities of the other corporation, or to consent in writing, in the name of the Corporation as such holder, to any action by such other corporation, and may instruct the person or persons so appointed as to the manner of casting such votes or giving such consent, and may execute or cause to be executed in the name and on behalf of the Corporation and under its corporate seal or otherwise, all such written proxies or other instruments as he or she may deem necessary or proper. 
 ARTICLE IX AMENDMENTS 
 These Bylaws, including this Article IX , may be altered, amended or repealed and new Bylaws may be adopted (a) at any annual or special meeting of stockholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat or (a) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board provided , however , that, in the case of any stockholder action at a special meeting of stockholders, notice of the proposed alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of these Bylaws must be contained in the notice of the special meeting. 
 CERTIFICATE BY SECRETARY 
 The undersigned, being the Secretary of the Corporation, hereby certifies that the foregoing Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws were duly approved and adopted by the Board effective on 16, February 2023. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed this certification on this 16th day of February, 2023. 
 s William E. Maxwell 
 William E. Maxwell, Secretary 
 
 13 

</EX-3.2>

<EX-10.9>
 3
 ois_20221231xex109.htm
 EX-10.9

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.9 
 EXECUTION VERSION 

 SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), dated as of December 13, 2022, by and among (A) OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC., a Delaware corporation (the Borrower ), (B) the Lenders signatory hereto, and (C) WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers (in such capacity, together with it successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent ). 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Lenders, and the Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of February 10, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time before the date hereof, the Credit Agreement 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested certain amendments to the Credit Agreement as more fully described herein and 
 WHEREAS, the Agent and the Lenders party hereto have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, to such amendments to the Credit Agreement as provided herein. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 SECTION 1 Definitions . In addition to other terms which may be defined herein (including, without limitation, in the preamble and recitals to this Agreement), terms used, but not defined, herein shall have the meanings given such terms in the Credit Agreement (as amended hereby). 
 SECTION 2 Amendments to Credit Agreement . 
 (a) The Credit Agreement is amended by deleting the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and adding the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example double-underlined text as set forth in the pages of Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 (b) Exhibit L-1 of the Credit Agreement is amended so that it reads, in its entirety, as set forth on Exhibit L-1 of this Agreement. 
 SECTION 3 Effectiveness . This Agreement shall become effective on the date upon which each of the following conditions precedent is satisfied 
 (a) Execution of Counterparts of Agreement . The Agent shall have received counterparts of this Agreement duly executed by the Borrower, the Lenders, and the Agent, each of which shall be an original, a facsimile, or in an electronic format acceptable to the Agent (followed promptly by an original). 
 (b) Execution of Counterparts of Guarantor Acknowledgement . The Agent shall have received counterparts of the Guarantor Acknowledgement duly executed by the Guarantors, each of which shall be an original, a facsimile, or in an electronic format acceptable to the Agent (followed promptly by an original). 

SECTION 4 Limited Effect . Except as expressly provided herein, the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents shall remain unmodified and in full force and effect. This Agreement shall not be deemed (a) to be a waiver of, or consent to, or a modification or amendment of, any other term or condition of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document or a waiver of any Default or Event of Default, (b) to prejudice any right or rights which Agent or Lenders may now have or may have in the future under or in connection with the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any of the instruments or agreements referred to therein, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time, or (c) to be a commitment or any other undertaking or expression of any willingness to engage in any further discussion with Borrower or any other Person with respect to any waiver, consent, amendment, modification or any other change to the Credit Agreement or the Loan Documents or any rights or remedies arising in favor of Lenders or Agent, or any of them, under or with respect to any such documents. 
 SECTION 5 Representations and Warranties . 
 (a) General Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party party hereto represents and warrants that (i) it has the corporate or other organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement, (ii) it has taken all necessary corporate or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, (iii) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of such Loan Party and (iv) this Agreement constitutes the legally valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its terms, except as enforcement may be limited by general equitable or discretionary principles whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally. 
 (b) Specific Representations and Warranties . Each Loan Party party hereto represents and warrants that (i) the representations and warranties made by such Loan Party set forth in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date hereof (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case, such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date and (ii) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or will result after giving effect to this Agreement on the date hereof. 
 SECTION 6 Acknowledgments Regarding Obligations . Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges, stipulates and agrees that all of the Obligations are due and owing by Loan Parties to the Lenders without any defense, deduction, offset, claim or counterclaim. No Loan Party is aware of any events or facts, any actions taken by any Person, or any other circumstances that have occurred prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement that constitute the basis for or may give rise to any defense, deduction, offset, claim or counterclaim of such Loan Party or any other Loan Party with respect to the Obligations. 
 SECTION 7 Waiver of Claims . To induce the Agent and the Lenders to enter into this Agreement, each Loan Party hereby releases, remises, acquits and forever discharges the Agent and each Lender and each of its respective employees, agents, representatives, consultants, attorneys, officers, directors, partners, fiduciaries, predecessors, successors and assigns, subsidiary corporations, parent corporations and related corporate divisions (collectively, the Released Parties ), from any and all 
 2 

actions, causes of action, judgments, executions, suits, debts, claims, demands, liabilities, damages and expenses of any and every character, known or unknown, direct or indirect, at law or in equity, of whatever nature or kind, whether heretofore or hereafter arising, for or because of any manner of things done, omitted or suffered to be done by any of the Released Parties prior to and including the date of execution hereof, and in any way directly or indirectly arising out of any or in any way connected to this Agreement, the Credit Agreement or the other Loan Documents, except to the extent attributable to the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Released Party (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) (collectively, the Released Matters ). Each Loan Party hereby acknowledges that the agreements in this Section are intended to be in full satisfaction of all or any alleged injuries or damages arising in connection with the Released Matters. 
 SECTION 8 Execution in Counterparts Loan Document . This Agreement is a Loan Document. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Execution of any such counterpart may be by means of (a) an electronic signature that complies with the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other relevant and applicable electronic signatures law (b) an original manual signature or (c) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Agent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to accept, deny, or condition acceptance of any electronic signature on this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by faxed, scanned or photocopied manual signature shall also deliver an original manually executed counterpart, but the failure to deliver an original manually executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability and binding effect of this Agreement. Each of the parties hereto represents and warrants to the other parties that it has the corporate capacity and authority to execute the Agreement through electronic means and there are no restrictions for doing so in that party s constitutive documents. 
 SECTION 9 CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE JURY TRIAL WAIVER . THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE PROVISIONS REGARDING CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER SET FORTH IN SECTION 12 OF THE CREDIT AGREEMENT, AND SUCH PROVISIONS ARE INCORPORATED HEREIN BY THIS REFERENCE, MUTATIS MUTANDIS . 
 SECTION 10 Entire Agreement . This Agreement is the entire agreement, and supersedes any prior agreements and contemporaneous oral agreements, of the parties concerning its subject matter. The recitals to this Agreement are incorporated herein by this reference. 
 SECTION 11 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement shall be binding on and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective heirs, beneficiaries, successors and permitted assigns. 
 SECTION 12 Reaffirmation of Obligations . Immediately after giving effect to this Agreement, Borrower reaffirms each Lien granted by it to the Agent for the benefit of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, which Liens shall continue in full force and effect during the term of the Credit Agreement as amended by this Agreement, and shall continue to secure the Obligations (after giving effect to this Agreement), in each case, on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement, as amended by this Agreement, and the other Loan Documents, and hereby restates, ratifies, and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth 
 3 

in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents to which it is a party as such Loan Documents are effective as of the date hereof. Borrower hereby acknowledges and agrees that, immediately after giving effect to this Agreement, all of its obligations and liabilities under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, as such obligations and liabilities have been amended by this Agreement, are reaffirmed and remain in full force and effect. 
 Continued on following page. 
 4 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their duly authorized officers, all as of the day and year first written above. 
 OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 OIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Agent and as a Lender By s Christopher Waterstreet Name Christopher Waterstreet Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 OIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Bank of America, N.A., as a Lender By s Ajay Jagsi Name Ajay Jagsi Title Vice President 
 
 OIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as a Lender By s John Morrone Name John Morrone Title Authorized Officer 
 
 OIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Royal Bank of Canada, as a Lender By s Stuart Coulter Name Stuart Coulter Title Authorized Signatory 
 
 OIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Guarantor Acknowledgement 
 Each of the undersigned, in its capacity as a Guarantor, acknowledges that its consent to the foregoing Agreement is not required, but each of the undersigned nevertheless does hereby consent to the foregoing Agreement and to the documents and agreements referred to therein. Nothing herein shall in any way limit any of the terms or provisions of the Guaranty and Security Agreement or the Loan Documents executed by the undersigned (as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time), all of which are hereby ratified and affirmed in all respects, and remain in full force and effect. 
 Immediately after giving effect to the foregoing Agreement, each Guarantor reaffirms each Lien granted by it to the Agent for the benefit of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers under each of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, which Liens shall continue in full force and effect during the term of the Credit Agreement and shall continue to secure the Obligations (after giving effect to the Agreement), in each case, on and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and hereby restates, ratifies and reaffirms each and every term and condition set forth in the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents to which it is a party as such Loan Documents are effective as of the date hereof. Each Guarantor hereby acknowledges and agrees that, immediately after giving effect to the Agreement, all of its respective obligations and liabilities under the Loan Documents to which it is a party remain in full force and effect. 
 Continued on following page. 

GUARANTORS 
 CAPSTAR DRILLING, INC. 
 By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer CAPSTAR HOLDING, L.L.C. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer GD DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President GEODYNAMICS, INC. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Assistant Treasurer OIL STATES ENERGY SERVICES HOLDING, INC. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer OIL STATES ENERGY SERVICES, L.L.C. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 OIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

OIL STATES INDUSTRIES, INC. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer OIL STATES INDUSTRIES US, INC. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer OIL STATES MANAGEMENT, INC. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer OIL STATES SKAGIT SMATCO, LLC By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Assistant Treasurer OSES INTERNATIONAL, LLC By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer TEMPRESS TECHNOLOGIES, INC. By s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Title Vice President and Treasurer 
 
 OIS SECOND AMENDMENT TO CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Exhibit A 
 Please see attached. 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 by and among 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 as Agent, 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Joint Lead Arrangers, 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, 
 BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., and 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., 
 as Joint Book Runners, 
 THE LENDERS THAT ARE PARTIES HERETO 
 as the Lenders, and 
 OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC., 
 as Borrower 
 Dated as of February 10, 2021 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page 

 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION. 
 1 
 1.1. Definitions 
 1 
 1.2. Accounting Terms 
 66 
 1.3. Code 
 67 
 1.4. Construction 
 67 
 1.5. Time References 
 68 
 1.6. Schedules and Exhibits 
 68 
 1.7. Divisions 
 68 
 1.8. Rates 
 69 
 1.9. Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents Applicable Currency 
 69 
 2. LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT 
 70 
 2.1. Revolving Loans 
 70 
 2.2. Reserved 
 71 
 2.3. Borrowing Procedures and Settlements 
 71 
 2.4. Payments Reductions of Commitments Prepayments 
 81 
 2.5. Promise to Pay Promissory Notes 
 86 
 2.6. Interest Rates and Letter of Credit Fee Rates, Payments, and Calculations 
 87 
 2.7. Crediting Payments 
 89 
 2.8. Designated Account 
 89 
 2.9. Maintenance of Loan Account Statements of Obligations 
 89 
 2.10. Fees 
 90 
 2.11. Letters of Credit 
 90 
 2.12. LIBOR SOFR Option 
 100 
 2.13. Capital Requirements 
 105 
 2.14. Incremental Facilities 
 107 
 2.15. Joint and Several Liability of Borrowers 
 109 
 2.16. Currencies 
 112 
 3. CONDITIONS TERM OF AGREEMENT 
 112 
 3.1. Conditions Precedent to the Initial Extension of Credit 
 112 
 3.2. Conditions Precedent to all Extensions of Credit 
 112 
 3.3. Maturity 
 113 
 3.4. Effect of Maturity 
 113 
 3.5. Early Termination by Borrowers 
 113 
 3.6. Conditions Subsequent 
 113 
 4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
 114 
 4.1. Due Organization and Qualification Subsidiaries 
 114 
 4.2. Due Authorization No Conflict 
 114 
 4.3. Governmental Consents 
 115 
 
 i 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

 4.4. Binding Obligations Perfected Liens 
 115 
 4.5. Title to Assets No Encumbrances 
 116 
 4.6. Litigation 
 116 
 4.7. Compliance with Laws 
 116 
 4.8. No Material Adverse Effect 
 116 
 4.9. Solvency 
 116 
 4.10. Employee Benefits 
 117 
 4.11. Environmental Condition 
 117 
 4.12. Complete Disclosure 
 118 
 4.13. Patriot Act, Etc 
 118 
 4.14. Indebtedness 
 119 
 4.15. Payment of Taxes 
 119 
 4.16. Margin Stock 
 119 
 4.17. Governmental Regulation 
 119 
 4.18. OFAC Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws 
 119 
 4.19. Employee and Labor Matters 
 120 
 4.20. Reserved 
 120 
 4.21. Leases 
 120 
 4.22. Eligible Accounts 
 120 
 4.23. Eligible Inventory 
 121 
 4.24. Reserved 
 121 
 4.25. Location of Inventory 
 121 
 4.26. Inventory Records 
 121 
 4.27. Reserved 
 121 
 4.28. Reserved 
 121 
 4.29. Reserved 
 121 
 4.30. Hedge Agreements 
 121 
 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 
 121 
 5.1. Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates 
 121 
 5.2. Reporting 
 122 
 5.3. Existence 
 122 
 5.4. Maintenance of Properties 
 122 
 5.5. Taxes 
 122 
 5.6. Insurance 
 122 
 5.7. Inspection 
 123 
 5.8. Compliance with Laws 
 124 
 5.9. Environmental 
 124 
 5.10. Disclosure Updates 
 124 
 5.11. Formation of Subsidiaries 
 125 
 
 ii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

 5.12. Further Assurances 
 125 
 5.13. Reserved 
 126 
 5.14. Location of Inventory Chief Executive Office 
 126 
 5.15. OFAC Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws 
 127 
 5.16. Reserved 
 127 
 5.17. Employee Benefits 
 127 
 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 
 127 
 6.1. Indebtedness 
 127 
 6.2. Liens 
 127 
 6.3. Restrictions on Fundamental Changes 
 127 
 6.4. Disposal of Assets 
 128 
 6.5. Nature of Business 
 128 
 6.6. Prepayments and Amendments 
 128 
 6.7. Restricted Payments 
 129 
 6.8. Accounting Methods 
 130 
 6.9. Investments 
 130 
 6.10. Transactions with Affiliates 
 131 
 6.11. Use of Proceeds 
 131 
 6.12. Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests 
 132 
 6.13. Inventory with Bailees 
 132 
 6.14. Negative Pledge 
 132 
 6.15. Hedge Agreements 
 132 
 7. FINANCIAL COVENANT. 
 132 
 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. 
 132 
 8.1. Payments 
 133 
 8.2. Covenants 
 133 
 8.3. Judgments 
 133 
 8.4. Voluntary Bankruptcy, etc 
 134 
 8.5. Involuntary Bankruptcy, etc 
 134 
 8.6. Default Under Other Agreements 
 134 
 8.7. Representations, etc 
 134 
 8.8. Guaranty 
 134 
 8.9. Security Documents 
 134 
 8.10. Loan Documents 
 135 
 8.11. Change of Control 
 135 
 8.12. ERISA 
 135 
 9. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. 
 135 
 9.1. Rights and Remedies 
 135 
 
 iii 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

 9.2. Remedies Cumulative 
 136 
 10. WAIVERS INDEMNIFICATION. 
 136 
 10.1. Demand Protest etc 
 136 
 10.2. The Lender Group s Liability for Collateral 
 136 
 10.3. Indemnification 
 137 
 11. NOTICES. 
 138 
 12. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE JURY TRIAL WAIVER JUDICIAL REFERENCE PROVISION. 
 139 
 13. ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS SUCCESSORS. 
 141 
 13.1. Assignments and Participations 
 141 
 13.2. Successors 
 145 
 14. AMENDMENTS WAIVERS. 
 145 
 14.1. Amendments and Waivers 
 145 
 14.2. Replacement of Certain Lenders 
 148 
 14.3. No Waivers Cumulative Remedies 
 149 
 15. AGENT THE LENDER GROUP. 
 149 
 15.1. Appointment and Authorization of Agent 
 149 
 15.2. Delegation of Duties 
 150 
 15.3. Liability of Agent 
 150 
 15.4. Reliance by Agent 
 151 
 15.5. Notice of Default or Event of Default 
 151 
 15.6. Credit Decision 
 152 
 15.7. Costs and Expenses Indemnification 
 152 
 15.8. Agent in Individual Capacity 
 153 
 15.9. Successor Agent 
 153 
 15.10. Lender in Individual Capacity 
 154 
 15.11. Collateral Matters 
 154 
 15.12. Restrictions on Actions by Lenders Sharing of Payments 
 157 
 15.13. Agency for Perfection 
 157 
 15.14. Payments by Agent to the Lenders 
 157 
 15.15. Concerning the Collateral and Related Loan Documents 
 158 
 15.16. Field Examination Reports Confidentiality Disclaimers by Lenders Other Reports and Information 
 158 
 15.17. Several Obligations No Liability 
 159 
 15.18. Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners 
 159 
 16. WITHHOLDING TAXES. 
 160 
 16.1. Payments 
 160 
 
 iv 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 (continued) 
 Page 

 16.2. Exemptions. 
 160 
 16.3. Reductions 
 162 
 16.4. Refunds 
 163 
 17. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
 163 
 17.1. Effectiveness 
 163 
 17.2. Section Headings 
 163 
 17.3. Interpretation 
 164 
 17.4. Severability of Provisions 
 164 
 17.5. Bank Product Providers 
 164 
 17.6. Debtor-Creditor Relationship 
 165 
 17.7. Counterparts Electronic Execution 
 165 
 17.8. Revival and Reinstatement of Obligations Certain Waivers 
 165 
 17.9. Confidentiality 
 166 
 17.10. Survival 
 168 
 17.11. Patriot Act Due Diligence 
 168 
 17.12. Integration 
 168 
 17.13. OIS as Agent for Borrowers 
 169 
 17.14. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 169 
 17.15. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 170 
 17.16. No Setoff 
 171 
 17.17. Certain ERISA Matters. 
 171 
 17.18. Erroneous Payments 
 172 

v 

EXHIBITS AND SCHEDULES 
 Exhibit A-1 Form of Assignment and Acceptance 
 Exhibit B-1 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 Exhibit B-2 Form of Bank Product Provider Agreement 
 Exhibit C-1 Form of Compliance Certificate 
 Exhibit J-1 Form of Joinder 
 Exhibit L-1 Form of LIBOR SOFR Notice 
 Exhibit P-1 Form of Perfection Certificate 
 Schedule A-1 Agent s Account 
 Schedule A-2 Authorized Persons 
 Schedule C-1 Commitments 
 Schedule D-1 Designated Accounts 
 Schedule E-1 Existing Letters of Credit 
 Schedule P-1 Permitted Investments 
 Schedule P-2 Permitted Liens 
 Schedule 3.1 Conditions Precedent 
 Schedule 3.6 Conditions Subsequent 
 Schedule 4.1(b) Capitalization of Borrowers 
 Schedule 4.1(c) Capitalization of Borrowers Subsidiaries 
 Schedule 4.6(b) Litigation 
 Schedule 4.11 Environmental Condition 
 Schedule 4.14 Permitted Indebtedness 
 Schedule 4.25 Location of Inventory 
 Schedule 5.1 Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates 
 Schedule 5.2 Collateral Reporting 
 Schedule 6.5 Nature of Business 
 vi 

CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS CREDIT AGREEMENT , is entered into as of February 10, 2021, by and among 
 (A) The lenders identified on the signature pages hereof (each of such lenders, together with its successors and permitted assigns, is referred to hereinafter as a Lender , as that term is hereinafter further defined) 
 (B) WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association, as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, Agent 
 (C) WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , a national banking association, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , a national banking association, as joint lead arrangers (in such capacities, together with their successors and assigns in such capacities, the Joint Lead Arrangers 
 (D) WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , a national banking association, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , a national banking association, as joint book runners (in such capacities, together with their successors and assigns in such capacities, the Joint Book Runners and 
 (E) OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. , a Delaware corporation OIS and, together with those additional entities that hereafter become parties hereto as Borrowers in accordance with the terms hereof by executing the form of Joinder attached hereto as Exhibit J-1 , each a Borrower and, individually and collectively and jointly and severally, the Borrowers ). 
 The parties agree as follows 
 1. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION. 
 1.1. Definitions . As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the following definitions 
 2023 Senior Notes means the 1.50 Convertible Senior Notes due 2023 of OIS issued pursuant to the 2023 Senior Notes Indenture and any additional notes issued thereunder from time to time, as any such notes may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 2023 Senior Notes Indenture means the Indenture, dated as of January 30, 2018, with OIS, as issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, relating to the 2023 
 1 

Senior Notes, as such document may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 2026 Senior Notes means unsecured convertible senior notes of OIS issued pursuant to an indenture, and any additional notes issued thereunder from time to time, in each case, so long as (a) such notes have a scheduled maturity date of no earlier than March 17, 2026, (b) the aggregate original principal amount of such notes does not exceed 150,000,000.00, (c) the negative covenants, affirmative covenants, and events of default in the indenture and in any agreements, instruments, or other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith or related thereto, taken as a whole, are no more restrictive to the Loan Parties than the negative covenants, affirmative covenants, and events of default in the 2023 Senior Notes Indenture or in any of the agreements, instruments, or other documents executed and delivered in connection therewith or related thereto, taken as a whole, and (d) no Person is obligated (whether as a guarantor, borrower, co-borrower, grantor, pledgor or otherwise) with respect to such notes unless such Person becomes (substantially simultaneously with such Person s becoming so obligated with respect to such notes or at such a later time as Agent may permit in its sole discretion) obligated with respect to the Obligations in the same manner in which such Person is obligated with respect to such notes or in such other manner and to such extent as Agent may require. 
 Acceptable Appraisal means, with respect to an appraisal of Inventory, the most recent appraisal of such property received by Agent (a) from an appraisal company satisfactory to Agent, (b) the scope and methodology (including, to the extent relevant, any sampling procedure employed by such appraisal company) of which are satisfactory to Agent, and (c) the results of which are satisfactory to Agent, in each case, in Agent s Permitted Discretion. 
 Account means an account (as that term is defined in the Code). 
 Account Debtor means any Person who is obligated on an Account, chattel paper, or a general intangible. 
 Account Party has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.11(h) of this Agreement. 
 Accounting Changes means changes in accounting principles required by the promulgation of any rule, regulation, pronouncement or opinion by the Financial Accounting Standards Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants (or successor thereto or any agency with similar functions). 
 Acquired Indebtedness means Indebtedness of a Person whose assets or Equity Interests are acquired by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in a Permitted Acquisition provided , that such Indebtedness (a) is either purchase money Indebtedness or a Capital Lease with respect to Equipment or mortgage financing with respect to Real Property, (b) was in existence prior to the date of such Permitted Acquisition, and (c) was not incurred in connection with, or in contemplation of, such Permitted Acquisition. 
 2 

Acquisition means (a) the purchase or other acquisition by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all or substantially all of the assets of (or any division or business line of) any other Person, or (b) the purchase or other acquisition (whether by means of a merger, amalgamation, consolidation, or otherwise) by a Person or its Subsidiaries of all of the Equity Interests of any other Person. 
 Additional Documents has the meaning specified therefor in Section 5.12 of this Agreement. 
 Adjusted Term SOFR means, for purposes of any calculation, the rate per annum equal to (a) Term SOFR for such calculation plus (b) the Term SOFR Adjustment provided that if Adjusted Term SOFR as so determined shall ever be less than the Floor, then Adjusted Term SOFR shall be deemed to be the Floor. 
 Administrative Borrower has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.13 of this Agreement. 
 Administrative Questionnaire has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(a) of this Agreement. 
 Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affected Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.13(b) of this Agreement. 
 Affiliate means, as applied to any Person, any other Person who controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. For purposes of this definition, control means the possession, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, of the power to direct the management and policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of Equity Interests, by contract, or otherwise provided , that for purposes of the definition of Eligible Billed Accounts and Section 6.10 of this Agreement (a) if any Person owns directly or indirectly 15 or more of the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other members of the governing body of a Person or 15 or more of the partnership or other ownership interests of a Person (other than as a limited partner of such Person), then both such Persons shall be Affiliates of each other, (b) each director (or comparable manager) of a Person shall be deemed to be an Affiliate of such Person, and (c) each partnership in which a Person is a general partner shall be deemed an Affiliate of such Person. 
 Agent has the meaning specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Agent Assignee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement. 
 Agent-Related Persons means Agent, together with its Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents. 
 3 

Agent s Account means the Deposit Account of Agent identified on Schedule A-1 to this Agreement (or such other Deposit Account of Agent that has been designated as such, in writing, by Agent to Borrowers and the Lenders). 
 Agent s Liens means the Liens granted by each Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to Agent under the Loan Documents and securing the Obligations. 
 Agreement means this Credit Agreement, as amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Anti-Corruption Laws means the FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act of 2010, the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada), and all other applicable laws and regulations or ordinances concerning or relating to bribery or corruption in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located or is doing business, in each case, as amended. 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws means the applicable laws or regulations in any jurisdiction in which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates is located or is doing business that relates to money laundering, any predicate crime to money laundering, or any financial record keeping and reporting requirements related thereto. 
 Applicable Currency means Dollars, Pounds Sterling, Euros, and any other currency that is readily available and freely transferable and convertible into Dollars that is approved by Agent in its Permitted Discretion and the applicable Issuing Bank (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld). 
 Applicable Margin means, as of any date of determination and with respect to Base Rate Loans or LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans, as applicable, the applicable margin set forth in the following table that corresponds to the Average Availability of Borrowers for the most recently completed month provided , that for the period from the Closing Date through and including the last day of the third full calendar month following the Closing Date, the Applicable Margin shall be set at the margin in the row styled Level III provided further , that any time an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Applicable Margin shall be set at the margin in the row styled Level III 
 Level Average Availability Applicable Margin for Base Rate Loans which are Revolving Loans (the Base Rate Margin 
 Applicable Margin for LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans which are Revolving Loans (the LIBOR Rate SOFR Margin 
 I 66.6 of the Maximum Revolver Amount 1.75 percentage points 2.75 percentage points 
 4 

II 66.6 of the Maximum Revolver Amount and 33.3 of the Maximum Revolver Amount 2.00 percentage points 3.00 percentage points III 33.3 of the Maximum Revolver Amount 2.25 percentage points 3.25 percentage points 
 The Applicable Margin shall be re-determined as of the first day of each month. 
 Applicable Unused Line Fee Percentage means, as of any date of determination, the applicable percentage set forth in the following table that corresponds to the Average Revolver Usage of Borrowers for the most recently completed month as determined by Agent in its Permitted Discretion provided , that for the period from the Closing Date through and including the last day of the third full calendar month following the Closing Date, the Applicable Unused Line Fee Percentage shall be set at the rate in the row styled Level II provided further , that any time an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Applicable Unused Line Fee Percentage shall be set at the margin in the row styled Level II 
 Level Average Revolver Usage Applicable Unused Line Fee Percentage I 50 of the Maximum Revolver Amount 0.375 percentage points II 50 of the Maximum Revolver Amount 0.50 percentage points 
 The Applicable Unused Line Fee Percentage shall be re-determined on the first date of each month by Agent. 
 Application Event means the occurrence of (a) a failure by Borrowers to repay all of the Obligations in full on the Maturity Date, or (b) an Event of Default and the election by Agent or the Required Lenders to require that payments and proceeds of Collateral be applied pursuant to Section 2.4(b)(iii) of this Agreement. 
 Assignee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(a) of this Agreement. 
 Assignment and Acceptance means an Assignment and Acceptance Agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit A-1 to this Agreement. 
 Authorized Person means any one of the individuals identified as an officer of a Borrower on Schedule A-2 to this Agreement, or any other individual identified by Administrative Borrower as an authorized person and authenticated through Agent s electronic platform or portal in accordance with its procedures for such authentication. 
 5 

Availability means, as of any date of determination, the amount that Borrowers are entitled to borrow as Revolving Loans under Section 2.1 of this Agreement (after giving effect to the then outstanding Revolver Usage). 
 Available Increase Amount means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the result of (a) 50,000,000, minus (b) the aggregate principal amount of Increases to the Revolver Commitments previously made pursuant to Section 2.14 of this Agreement. 
 Available Tenor means, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, (a if such Benchmark is a term rate, any tenor for such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining the length of an interest period pursuant to this Agreement or (b) otherwise, any payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof) that is or may be used for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D). 
 Average Availability means, with respect to any period, the sum of the aggregate amount of Availability for each day in such period (as calculated by Agent as of the end of each respective day) divided by the number of days in such period. 
 Average Revolver Usage means, with respect to any period, the sum of the aggregate amount of Revolver Usage for each day in such period (calculated as of the end of each respective day) divided by the number of days in such period. 
 Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation means, (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bank Product means any one or more of the following financial products or accommodations extended to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries by a Bank Product Provider (a) credit cards (including commercial cards (including so-called purchase cards , procurement cards or p-cards )), (b) payment card processing services, (c) debit cards, (d) stored value cards, (e) Cash Management Services, or (f) transactions under Hedge Agreements. 
 6 

Bank Product Agreements means those agreements entered into from time to time by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries with a Bank Product Provider in connection with the obtaining of any of the Bank Products. 
 Bank Product Collateralization means providing cash collateral (pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to Agent) to be held by Agent for the benefit of the Bank Product Providers (other than the Hedge Providers) in an amount determined by Agent as sufficient to satisfy the reasonably estimated credit exposure, operational risk or processing risk with respect to the then existing Bank Product Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations). 
 Bank Product Obligations means (a) all obligations, liabilities, reimbursement obligations, fees, or expenses owing by each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries to any Bank Product Provider pursuant to or evidenced by a Bank Product Agreement and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, (b) all Hedge Obligations, and (c) all amounts that Agent or any Lender is obligated to pay to a Bank Product Provider as a result of Agent or such Lender purchasing participations from, or executing guarantees or indemnities or reimbursement obligations to, a Bank Product Provider with respect to the Bank Products provided by such Bank Product Provider to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. 
 Bank Product Provider means any Lender or any of its Affiliates, including each of the foregoing in its capacity, if applicable, as a Hedge Provider provided , that no such Person (other than Wells Fargo or its Affiliates) shall constitute a Bank Product Provider with respect to a Bank Product unless and until Agent receives a Bank Product Provider Agreement from such Person (a) on or prior to the Closing Date (or such later date as Agent shall agree to in writing in its sole discretion) with respect to Bank Products provided on or prior to the Closing Date, or (b) on or prior to the date that is 10 days after the provision of such Bank Product to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (or such later date as Agent shall agree to in writing in its sole discretion) with respect to Bank Products provided after the Closing Date provided further , that if, at any time, a Lender ceases to be a Lender under this Agreement (prior to the payment in full of the Obligations), then, from and after the date on which it so ceases to be a Lender hereunder, neither it nor any of its Affiliates shall constitute Bank Product Providers and the obligations with respect to Bank Products provided by such former Lender or any of its Affiliates shall no longer constitute Bank Product Obligations. 
 Bank Product Provider Agreement means an agreement in substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-2 to this Agreement, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, duly executed by the applicable Bank Product Provider, the applicable Loan Parties, and Agent. 
 Bank Product Reserves means, as of any date of determination, those reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate to establish (based upon the Bank Product Providers determination of the liabilities and obligations of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries in respect of Bank Product Obligations) in respect of Bank Products then provided or outstanding. 
 Bankruptcy Code means Title 11 of the United States Code as in effect from time to time. 
 7 

Base Rate means , for any day, the greatest of (a) the Floor, (b) the Federal Funds Rate in effect on such day plus , b c the LIBOR Rate (which rate shall be calculated based upon an Interest Period of one month and shall be determined on a daily basis), plus one percentage point Term SOFR for a one month tenor in effect on such day, plus 1 , provided that this clause (c) shall not be applicable during any period in which Term SOFR is unavailable or unascertainable , and c d the rate of interest announced, from time to time, within Wells Fargo at its principal office in San Francisco as its prime rate in effect on such day , with the understanding that the prime rate is one of Wells Fargo s base rates (not necessarily the lowest of such rates) and serves as the basis upon which effective rates of interest are calculated for those loans making reference thereto and is evidenced by the recording thereof after its announcement in such internal publications as Wells Fargo may designate (and, if any such announced rate is below zero, then the rate determined pursuant to this clause (c) shall be zero) . 
 Base Rate Loan means each portion of the Revolving Loans that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the Base Rate. 
 Base Rate Margin has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin . 
 Benchmark means, initially, the Term SOFR Reference Rate provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event has occurred with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(A). 
 Benchmark Replacement means , with respect to any Benchmark Transition Event, the sum of (a) the alternate benchmark rate (which may include Term SOFR) that has been selected by Agent and Administrative Borrower giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate of interest as a replacement to for the LIBOR Rate for United States dollar- then-current Benchmark for Dollar- denominated syndicated credit facilities and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment provided that , if the such Benchmark Replacement as so determined would be less than zero, the Floor, such Benchmark Replacement shall be deemed to be zero the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents . 
 Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the LIBOR Rate then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for each any applicable Interest Period Available Tenor , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by Agent and Administrative Borrower giving due consideration to i a any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the LIBOR Rate such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body or ii b any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or 
 8 

method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the LIBOR Rate such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for United States dollar - Dollar- denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time. 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest and other administrative matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date means the earlier to occur of the following events with respect to the LIBOR Rate then-current Benchmark 
 (a) in the case of clause (a) or (b) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (i) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (ii) the date on which the administrator of LIBOR Rate such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide LIBOR Rate all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (b) in the case of clause (c) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date of on which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) to be non-representative provided that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the public most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein in such clause (c) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date . 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (a) or (b) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event means the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the LIBOR Rate then-current Benchmark 
 (a) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of the LIBOR Rate such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the LIBOR Rate all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) , permanently 
 9 

or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the LIBOR Rate any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (b) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the LIBOR Rate such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Board of Governors , the Federal Reserve System Bank of the United States (or any successor) New York , an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the LIBOR Rate such Benchmark (or such component) , a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the LIBOR Rate such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for the LIBOR Rate such Benchmark (or such component) , which states that the administrator of the LIBOR Rate such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide the LIBOR Rate all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide the LIBOR Rate any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) or 
 (c) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of the LIBOR Rate announcing that the LIBOR Rate is no longer such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are not, or as of a specified future date will not be, representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, if the then-current Benchmark has any Available Tenors, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Start Date means (a) , in the case of a Benchmark Transition Event, the earlier of i a the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and ii b if such Benchmark Transition Event is a public statement or publication of information of a prospective event, the 90th day prior to the expected date of such event as of such public statement or publication of information (or if the expected date of such prospective event is fewer than 90 days after such statement or publication, the date of such statement or publication) and (b) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the date specified by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, as applicable, by notice to the Borrower, the Administrative Agent (in the case of such notice by the Required Lenders) and the Lenders . 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period means , if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the LIBOR Rate and solely to the extent that the LIBOR Rate has not been replaced with a Benchmark Replacement, the period x if any) (a beginning at the time that such a Benchmark Replacement Date has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the LIBOR Rate then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12(d)(iii) and y b ending at the time that a Benchmark 
 10 

Replacement has replaced the LIBOR Rate then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and pursuant to under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.12(d)(iii) . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 BHC Act Affiliate of a Person means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such Person. 
 Board of Directors means, as to any Person, the board of directors (or comparable managers) of such Person, or any committee thereof duly authorized to act on behalf of the board of directors (or comparable managers). 
 Board of Governors means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the United States (or any successor). 
 Borrower and Borrowers have the respective meanings specified therefor in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Borrower Materials has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(c) of this Agreement. 
 Borrowing means a borrowing consisting of Revolving Loans made on the same day by the Lenders (or Agent on behalf thereof), or by Swing Lender in the case of a Swing Loan. 
 Borrowing Base means, as of any date of determination, the result of 
 (a) 85 of the amount of Eligible Billed Accounts of the Borrowing Base Parties, less the amount, if any, of the Dilution Reserve applicable to such Accounts, plus 
 (b) 75 of the amount of Eligible Unbilled Accounts of the Borrowing Base Parties, less the amount, if any, of the Dilution Reserve applicable to such Accounts, provided , however , that the amount set forth in this clause (b), shall not exceed 25 of the Borrowing Base, plus 
 (c) 75 of the amount of Eligible Progress Billings of the Borrowing Base Parties, less the amount, if any, of the Dilution Reserve applicable to such Accounts, provided , however , that the sum of (x) the amount set forth in this clause (c), plus (y) the amount of the Borrowing Base attributable to Eligible Accounts owing by Account Debtors formed, organized, or maintaining their chief executive offices in a Specified Account Debtor Country pursuant to clauses (g)(i) and (g)(ii) of the definition of Eligible Billed Accounts, shall not exceed 5 of the Borrowing Base, plus 
 (d) the lesser of 
 11 

(i) the lesser of (A) the product of 60 multiplied by the value (calculated at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with OIS s historical accounting practices) of Eligible Raw Materials Inventory and Eligible Finished Goods Inventory of the Borrowing Base Parties at such time, and (B) the product of 85 multiplied by the Net Recovery Percentage identified in the most recent Acceptable Appraisal of Inventory, multiplied by the value (calculated at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with OIS s historical accounting practices) of Eligible Raw Materials Inventory and Eligible Finished Goods Inventory of the Borrowing Base Parties (such determination may be made as to different categories of Eligible Raw Materials Inventory and Eligible Finished Goods Inventory based upon the Net Recovery Percentage applicable to such categories) at such time, and 
 (ii) the amount equal to 25 of the Borrowing Base, minus 
 (e) the aggregate amount of Reserves, if any, established by Agent from time to time under Section 2.1(d) of this Agreement. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit B-1 to this Agreement, which such form of Borrowing Base Certificate may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (including without limitation changes to the format thereof), as approved by Agent in Agent s sole discretion. 
 Borrowing Base Parties means (a) the Borrowers and (b) each of the Guarantors whose assets are to be included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base (as determined by the Agent on the Closing Date (with respect to those Guarantors existing as of the Closing Date) and as otherwise contemplated in Section 5.11 (with respect to Persons which become a Guarantor after the Closing Date)). 
 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday , or other day on which banks are authorized or required to close in the states the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or Texas, except that, if a determination of a Business Day shall relate to a LIBOR Rate Loan, the term Business Day also shall exclude any day on which banks are closed for dealings in Dollar deposits in the London interbank market is closed . 
 Capital Expenditures means, with respect to any Person for any period, the amount of all expenditures by such Person and its Subsidiaries during such period that are capital expenditures as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, whether such expenditures are paid in cash or financed, but excluding, without duplication (a) with respect to the purchase price of assets that are purchased substantially contemporaneously with the trade-in of existing assets during such period, the amount that the gross amount of such purchase price is reduced by the credit granted by the seller of such assets for the assets being traded in at such time, and (b) expenditures made during such period to consummate one or more Permitted Acquisitions and other Investments permitted hereunder. 
 Capital Lease means a lease that is required to be capitalized for financial reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 12 

Capitalized Lease Obligation means that portion of the obligations under a Capital Lease that is required to be capitalized in accordance with GAAP. 
 Cash Dominion Event has the meaning set forth in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. 
 Cash Dominion Period has the meaning set forth in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. 
 Cash Equivalents means (a) marketable direct obligations issued by, or unconditionally guaranteed by, the United States or issued by any agency thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States, in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof, (b) marketable direct obligations issued or fully guaranteed by any state of the United States or any political subdivision of any such state or any public instrumentality thereof maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having one of the two highest ratings obtainable from either Standard & Poor s Rating Group S&P or Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Moody s ), (c) commercial paper maturing no more than 270 days from the date of creation thereof and, at the time of acquisition, having a rating of at least A-1 from S&P or at least P-1 from Moody s, (d) certificates of deposit, time deposits, overnight bank deposits or bankers acceptances maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof issued by any bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof or the District of Columbia or any United States branch of a foreign bank having at the date of acquisition thereof combined capital and surplus of not less than 500,000,000, (e) Deposit Accounts maintained with (i) any bank that satisfies the criteria described in clause (d) above, or (ii) any other bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof so long as the full amount maintained with any such other bank is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, (f) repurchase obligations of any commercial bank satisfying the requirements of clause (d) of this definition or recognized securities dealer having combined capital and surplus of not less than 1,000,000,000, having a term of not more than seven days, with respect to securities satisfying the criteria in clauses (a) or (d) above, (g) debt securities with maturities of six months or less from the date of acquisition backed by standby letters of credit issued by any commercial bank satisfying the criteria described in clause (d) above, and (h) Investments in money market funds substantially all of whose assets are invested in the types of assets described in clauses (a) through (g) above. 
 Cash Management Services means any cash management or related services including treasury, depository, return items, overdraft, controlled disbursement, merchant store value cards, e-payables services, electronic funds transfer, interstate depository network, automatic clearing house transfer (including the Automated Clearing House processing of electronic funds transfers through the direct Federal Reserve Fedline system) and other cash management arrangements. 
 CFC means a controlled foreign corporation (as that term is defined in the IRC) in which any Loan Party is a United States shareholder within the meaning of Section 951(b) of the IRC. 
 13 

Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement of (a) the adoption or effectiveness of any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment or treaty or in the administration, interpretation, implementation or application by any Governmental Authority of any law, rule, regulation, guideline or treaty, or (c any new, or adjustment to, requirements prescribed by the Board of Governors for Eurocurrency Liabilities (as defined in Regulation D of the Board of Governors), requirements imposed by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or similar requirements imposed by any domestic or foreign governmental authority or resulting from compliance by Agent or any Lender with any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any central bank or other Governmental Authority and related in any manner to SOFR, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, or Term SOFR, or (d the making or issuance by any Governmental Authority of any request, rule, guideline or directive, whether or not having the force of law provided , that notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, (i) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith, and (ii) all requests, rules, guidelines or directives concerning capital adequacy promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or other foreign regulatory authorities shall, in each case, be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Change of Control shall mean the occurrence or existence of any one or more of (a) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) of Equity Interests representing more than 35 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of OIS and (b) any Change of Control, or similar term, phrase, or concept as defined in any Material Indebtedness Documentation. 
 Closing Date means the date of the making of the initial Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit) under this Agreement. 
 Code means the New York Uniform Commercial Code, as in effect from time to time. 
 Collateral means all assets and interests in or rights to assets and proceeds thereof now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in or upon which a Lien is granted by such Person in favor of Agent or the Lenders under any of the Loan Documents. In no event shall Collateral include any interest in or to any Real Property. 
 Collateral Access Agreement means a landlord waiver, bailee letter, or acknowledgement agreement of any lessor, warehouseman, processor, consignee, or other Person in possession of, having a Lien upon, or having rights or interests in any Loan Party s or its Subsidiaries books and records, Equipment, or Inventory, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 
 14 

Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, its Revolver Commitment and, with respect to all Lenders, their Revolver Commitments, in each case as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Lender s name under the applicable heading on Schedule C-1 to this Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Lender became a Lender under this Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1 of this Agreement. 
 Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Compliance Certificate means a certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to this Agreement delivered by a Financial Officer of Administrative Borrower to Agent. 
 Confidential Information has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(a) of this Agreement. 
 Conforming Changes means, with respect to either the use or administration of Term SOFR or the use, administration, adoption or implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period or any similar or analogous definition (or the addition of a concept of interest period ), timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, the applicability and length of lookback periods, the applicability of Section 2.12(b)(ii) and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that Agent decides in consultation with the Administrative Borrower may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of any such rate or to permit the use and administration thereof by Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of any such rate exists, in such other manner of administration as Agent decides in consultation with the Administrative Borrower is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). 
 Consolidated Cash Balance means, at any time, (a) the aggregate amount of cash and Cash Equivalents, marketable securities, treasury bonds and bills, certificates of deposit, investments in money market funds and commercial paper, in each case, held or owned by, credited to the account of or would otherwise be required to be reflected as an asset on the balance sheet of OIS and its Domestic Subsidiaries less (b) the sum of (i) any restricted cash or Cash Equivalents to pay royalty obligations, working interest obligations, suspense payments, severance taxes, payroll, payroll taxes, other taxes, employee wage and benefit payments and trust and fiduciary obligations or other obligations of OIS or any Domestic Subsidiary to third parties and for which OIS or such Domestic Subsidiary has issued checks or has initiated wires or ACH transfers (or, in the discretion of OIS, will issue checks or initiate wires or ACH transfers within five (5) business days) in order to pay, (ii) other amounts for which OIS or such Domestic Subsidiary has issued checks or has initiated wires or ACH transfers but have not yet 
 15 

been subtracted from the balance in the relevant account of OIS or such Domestic Subsidiary, and (iii) while and to the extent refundable, any cash or Cash Equivalents of OIS or any Domestic Subsidiaries constituting purchase price deposits held in escrow pursuant to a binding and enforceable purchase and sale agreement with a third party containing customary provisions regarding the payment and refunding of such deposits, and (iv) Pass-Through Proceeds provided , that any particular Pass-Through Proceeds shall be deducted from the calculation of Consolidated Cash Balance only for the first five Business Days after such Pass-Through Proceeds were first received by a Domestic Subsidiary or OIS (determined on a first-in-first-out basis) and, upon expiration of such five Business Day period, such Pass-Through Proceeds shall thereafter be included (to the extent remaining extant) in the calculation of Consolidated Cash Balance, automatically and without notice to any Person. 
 Consolidated EBITDA shall mean for any period, EBITDA of OIS and its Subsidiaries for such period, all determined on a consolidated basis. 
 Consolidated Interest Expense shall mean, for OIS and its Subsidiaries for any period, the sum of (a) the interest expense (including imputed interest expense in respect of Capitalized Lease Obligations but excluding the amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs) for such period, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, plus (b) any interest accrued during such period in respect of Indebtedness of such person that is required to be capitalized rather than included in consolidated interest expense for such period in accordance with GAAP. For purposes of the foregoing, interest expense shall be determined after giving effect to any net payments made or received by such person with respect to interest rate Hedge Agreements. 
 Consolidated Net Income shall mean, for any person for any period, the net income or loss of such person for such period determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP provided that there shall be excluded (a) the income of any Subsidiary of such person to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary of that income is not at the time permitted by operation of the terms of its charter or any agreement, instrument, judgment, decree, statute, rule or governmental regulation applicable to such Subsidiary, (b) the income of any person in which any other person (other than such person or a wholly owned Subsidiary thereof or any director holding qualifying shares in accordance with applicable law) has a joint interest, except to the extent of the amount of dividends or other distributions actually paid to such person or a wholly owned Subsidiary thereof by such person during such period, and (c) any gains or losses attributable to sales of assets outside of the ordinary course of business. 
 Control Agreement means a control agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries, Agent, and the applicable securities intermediary (with respect to a Securities Account) or bank (with respect to a Deposit Account) or its equivalent in any jurisdiction. 
 Controlled Account has the meaning specified therefor in the Guaranty and Security Agreement. 
 Copyright Security Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in the applicable Guaranty and Security Agreement. 
 16 

Covenant Testing Period means a period (a) commencing on the last day of the fiscal month of OIS most recently ended prior to a Covenant Trigger Event for which Borrowers are required to deliver to Agent monthly or annual financial statements pursuant to Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement and (b) continuing through and including the first day after such Covenant Trigger Event that Availability has, for 30 consecutive days, equaled or exceeded the greater of (i) 15 of the Line Cap and (ii) 14,062,500. 
 Covenant Trigger Event means if at any time Availability is less than the greater of (i) 15 of the Line Cap, and (ii) 14,062,500. 
 Covered Entity means any of the following 
 (a) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) 
 (b) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or 
 (c) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.15 of this Agreement. 
 Default means an event, condition, or default that, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would be an Event of Default. 
 Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed to (i) fund all or any portion of its Loans within two Business Days of the date such Loans were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies Agent and Administrative Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable Default or Event of Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (ii) pay to Agent, any Issuing Bank, or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder (including in respect of its participation in Letters of Credit) within two Business Days of the date when due, (b) has notified any Borrower, Agent or any Issuing Bank in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund a Loan hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable Default or Event of Default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (c) has failed, within three Business Days after written request by Agent or Administrative Borrower, to confirm in writing to Agent and Administrative Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided , that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon receipt of such written 
 17 

confirmation by Agent and Administrative Borrower), or (d) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (i) become the subject of any Insolvency Proceeding, (ii) had appointed for it a receiver, receiver-manager, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity, or (iii) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided , that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (a) through (d) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender upon delivery of written notice of such determination to Administrative Borrower, each Issuing Bank, and each Lender. 
 Defaulting Lender Rate means (a) for the first three days from and after the date the relevant payment is due, the Base Rate, and (b) thereafter, the interest rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans (inclusive of the Base Rate Margin applicable thereto). 
 Deposit Account means any deposit account (as that term is defined in the Code), and includes any bank account other than a Securities Account or a commodities account. 
 Designated Account means the Deposit Account of any Borrower identified on Schedule D-1 to the Agreement located at Wells Fargo. 
 Dilution means, as of any date of determination, a percentage, based upon the experience of the immediately prior twelve months, that is the result of dividing the Dollar amount of (a) bad debt write-downs, discounts, advertising allowances, credits, or other dilutive items with respect to Borrowers applicable Accounts during such period, by (b) Borrowers billings with respect to applicable Accounts during such period. 
 Dilution Reserve means, as of any date of determination, an amount sufficient to reduce the advance rate against the applicable Eligible Accounts by the extent to which Dilution is in excess of 5 . 
 Disqualified Equity Interests means any Equity Interests that, by their terms (or by the terms of any security or other Equity Interests into which they are convertible or for which they are exchangeable), or upon the happening of any event or condition (a) matures or are mandatorily redeemable (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), pursuant to a sinking fund obligation or otherwise (except as a result of a change of control or asset sale so long as any rights of the holders thereof upon the occurrence of a change of control or asset sale event shall be subject to the prior repayment in full of the Loans and all other Obligations that are accrued and payable and the termination of the Commitments), (b) are redeemable at the option of the holder thereof (other than solely for Qualified Equity Interests), in whole or in part, (c) provide 
 18 

for the scheduled payments of dividends in cash, or (d) are or become convertible into or exchangeable for Indebtedness or any other Equity Interests that would constitute Disqualified Equity Interests, in each case, prior to the date that is 180 days after the Maturity Date. 
 Dollar Equivalent means, at any time, (a) with respect to any amount denominated in Dollars, such amount, and (b) with respect to any amount denominated in a currency other than Dollars, the equivalent amount thereof in Dollars as determined by Agent at such time on the basis of the Spot Rate (determined in respect of the most recent Revaluation Date or such other date determined by Agent) for the purchase of Dollars with such other currency. 
 Dollars or means United States dollars. 
 Domestic Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Foreign Subsidiary. 
 Drawing Document means any Letter of Credit or other document presented for purposes of drawing under any Letter of Credit, including by electronic transmission such as SWIFT, electronic mail, facsimile or computer generated communication. 
 Early Opt-in Election means the occurrence of 
 (a) (i) a determination by Agent or (ii) a notification by the Required Lenders to Agent (with a copy to Administrative Borrower) that the Required Lenders have determined that United States dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities being executed at such time, or that include language similar to that contained in Section 2.12(d)(iii) are being executed or amended, as applicable, to incorporate or adopt a new benchmark interest rate to replace the LIBOR Rate, and 
 (b) (i) the election by Agent or (ii) the election by the Required Lenders to declare that an Early Opt-in Election has occurred and the provision, as applicable, by Agent of written notice of such election to Administrative Borrower and the Lenders or by the Required Lenders of written notice of such election to Agent. 
 Earn-Outs means unsecured liabilities of a Loan Party arising under an agreement to make any deferred payment as a part of the Purchase Price for a Permitted Acquisition, including performance bonuses or consulting payments in any related services, employment or similar agreement, in an amount that is subject to or contingent upon the revenues, income, cash flow or profits (or the like) of the target of such Permitted Acquisition. 
 EBITDA shall mean, for any person for any period, (a) Consolidated Net Income of such person for such period plus (b) without duplication and to the extent deducted in determining such Consolidated Net Income, the sum of (i) Consolidated Interest Expense for such period, (ii) consolidated income tax expense for such period, (iii) all amounts attributable to depreciation and amortization for such period, (iv) any noncash charges (including share-based compensation) or extraordinary losses for such period, (v) any charge or write-off related to unamortized debt issuance costs, (vi) loss on extinguishment of Indebtedness, and (vii) non-recurring transaction costs associated with any Permitted Acquisition in an aggregate amount not 
 19 

to exceed (A) 5,000,000 for any such Acquisition or (B) 10,000,000 for any trailing twelve month period minus (c) without duplication (i) all cash payments made during such period on account of reserves, restructuring charges and other noncash charges added to Consolidated Net Income pursuant to clause (b)(iv) above in a previous period and (ii) to the extent included in determining such Consolidated Net Income, any extraordinary gains and all noncash items of income for such period, all determined for such person on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 
 In addition, notwithstanding the above, EBITDA for each month ended as of each date set forth below shall be deemed to be the amount set forth below for such month 
 Month EBITDA January 31, 2020 1,933,000 February 29, 2020 8,731,000 March 31, 2020 10,467,000 April 30, 2020 - 4,709,000 May 31, 2020 1,828,000 June 30, 2020 4,030,000 July 31, 2020 - 2,229,000 August 31, 2020 4,032,000 September 30, 2020 - 1,443,000 October 31, 2020 1,386,000 November 30, 2020 - 1,015,000 December 31, 2020 422,000 
 EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 20 

EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Eligible Accounts means Eligible Billed Accounts, Eligible Unbilled Accounts and Eligible Progress Billings. 
 Eligible Billed Accounts means those Accounts created by a Borrowing Base Party in the ordinary course of its business, that arise out of such Borrowing Base Party s sale of goods or rendition of services, that comply with each of the representations and warranties respecting Eligible Accounts made in the Loan Documents, and that are not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria set forth below provided , that such criteria may be revised from time to time by Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion to address the results of any information with respect to the Borrowing Base Parties business or assets of which Agent becomes aware after the Closing Date, including any field examination performed by (or on behalf of) Agent from time to time after the Closing Date. In determining the amount to be included, Eligible Billed Accounts shall be calculated net of customer deposits, unapplied cash, taxes, finance charges, service charges, discounts, credits, allowances, and rebates. Eligible Billed Accounts shall not include the following 
 (a) Accounts that the Account Debtor has failed to pay within (i) 90 days of original invoice date or (ii) 60 days of due date provided , that the foregoing clause (a)(i) shall not exclude an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 of Accounts which are between 91 and 120 days of original invoice, 
 (b) Accounts owed by an Account Debtor (or its Affiliates) where 50 or more of all Accounts owed by that Account Debtor (or its Affiliates) are deemed ineligible under clause (a) above, 
 (c) Reserved , 
 (d) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is an Affiliate of any Borrowing Base Party or an employee or agent of any Borrowing Base Party or any Affiliate of any Borrowing Base Party, 
 (e) Accounts (i) arising in a transaction wherein goods are placed on consignment or are sold pursuant to a guaranteed sale, a sale or return, a sale on approval, a bill and hold (except to the extent expressly set forth in clause (n)), or any other terms by reason of which the payment by the Account Debtor may be conditional, or (ii) with respect to which the payment terms are C.O.D. , cash on delivery or other similar terms, 
 (f) Accounts that are not payable in Dollars, 
 (g) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor either (i) does not maintain its chief executive office in the United States, Canada, Norway, the Netherlands, Australia, Singapore, France, Germany, New Zealand, Malaysia, Mexico, the British Virgin Islands, Denmark, Israel, or the United Kingdom (or, solely with respect to the Specified Account Debtors, in any Supplemental Account Debtor Country), or (ii) is not organized under 
 21 

the laws of the United States, Canada, Norway, the Netherlands, Australia, Singapore, France, Germany, New Zealand, Malaysia, Mexico, the British Virgin Islands, Denmark, Israel, or the United Kingdom (or, solely with respect to the Specified Account Debtors, in any Supplemental Account Debtor Country), or (iii) is the government of any foreign country or sovereign state, or of any state, province, municipality, or other political subdivision thereof, or of any department, agency, public corporation, or other instrumentality thereof, unless (A) the Account is supported by an irrevocable letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to Agent (as to form, substance, and issuer or domestic confirming bank) that has been delivered to Agent and, if requested by Agent, is directly drawable by Agent, or (B) the Account is covered by credit insurance in form, substance, and amount, and by an insurer, reasonably satisfactory to Agent, 
 (h) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is either (i) the United States or any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States (exclusive, however, of Accounts with respect to which the applicable Borrowing Base Party has complied, to the reasonable satisfaction of Agent, with the Assignment of Claims Act, 31 USC 3727) or (ii) any state of the United States or any other Governmental Authority unless the Account is supported by an irrevocable letter of credit reasonably satisfactory to Agent (as to form, substance, and issuer or domestic confirming bank) that has been delivered to Agent and, if requested by Agent, is directly drawable by Agent provided, that solely for purposes of this clause (h), Governmental Authority shall not include (y) Korea National Oil Corporation, China National Offshore Oil Corporation, Petr leo Brasileiro S.A., Saudi Aramco, China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation (Sinopec), China National Petroleum Corporation, Kuwait Petroleum Corporation, Petr leos Mexicanos (Pemex), Petroliam Nasional Berhad (Petronas), Abu Dhabi National Oil Company (ADNOC), State Oil Company of Azerbaijan Republic (SOCAR), Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC), Vietnam Oil and Gas Group (Petrovietnam), Royal Dutch Shell, Total SE, Eni S.p.A, Equinor, Qatargas, Group Sonangol, or (z) and in each case, any Subsidiaries thereof, 
 (i) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a creditor of a Borrowing Base Party (or any Affiliate of a Borrowing Base Party), has or has asserted a right of recoupment or setoff, or has disputed its obligation to pay all or any portion of the Account, to the extent of such claim, right of recoupment or setoff, or dispute, 
 (j) Accounts with respect to an Account Debtor whose Eligible Accounts owing to the Borrowing Base Parties exceed 15 (or, with respect to Accounts owing by a Specified Account Debtor, 20 of all Eligible Accounts, to the extent of the obligations owing by such Account Debtor in excess of such percentage provided , that in each case, the amount of Eligible Accounts that are excluded because they exceed the foregoing percentage shall be determined by Agent based on all of the otherwise Eligible Accounts prior to giving effect to any eliminations based upon the foregoing concentration limit, 
 (k) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is subject to an Insolvency Proceeding, is not Solvent, has gone out of business, or as to which any Borrowing Base Party or any other Loan Party has received notice of an imminent Insolvency Proceeding or a material impairment of the financial condition of such Account Debtor, 
 (l) Accounts, the collection of which, Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, believes to be doubtful, including by reason of the Account Debtor s financial condition, 
 22 

(m) Accounts that are not subject to a valid and perfected first priority Agent s Lien, 
 (n) Accounts with respect to which (i) the goods giving rise to such Account have not been shipped and billed to the Account Debtor, or (ii) the services giving rise to such Account have not been performed and billed to the Account Debtor provided , that solely with respect to any Account owing by General Dynamics, no Account shall be deemed ineligible solely because the goods giving rise to such Account have not yet been shipped, so long as (A) such Account represents a final sale to General Dynamics in accordance with the terms of the applicable purchase documents and contracts between a Loan Party and General Dynamics, (B) the aggregate amount of all such Accounts does not exceed 2,500,000 (and, if such amount does exceed 2,500,000, then only that portion of the amount in excess of 2,500,000 shall be deemed ineligible), (C) no more than 30 days have elapsed since the date on which such Account was billed to General Dynamics, (D) the goods giving rise to such Account have not been, in whole or in part, returned, rejected, or been determined to be non-conforming goods, and (E) no portion of such Account has been disputed by or on behalf of General Dynamics, 
 (o) Accounts with respect to which the Account Debtor is a Sanctioned Person or Sanctioned Entity, 
 (p) Accounts (i) that represent the right to receive progress payments or other advance billings that are due prior to the completion of performance by the applicable Borrower of the subject contract for goods or services, or (ii) that represent credit card sales, 
 (q) Accounts not governed by the laws of a state, province, or territory of the United States or Canada, 
 (r) Accounts owned by a target acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Investment, or Accounts owned by a Person that is joined to this Agreement as a Borrower pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, until the completion of a field examination with respect to such Accounts, in each case, satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Eligible Finished Goods Inventory means Inventory that qualifies as Eligible Inventory and consists of first quality finished goods held for sale in the Ordinary Course of Business. 
 Eligible Inventory means Inventory of a Borrowing Base Party, that complies with each of the representations and warranties respecting Eligible Inventory made in the Loan Documents, and that is not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria set forth below provided , that such criteria may be revised from time to time by Agent in Agent s Permitted Discretion to address the results of any information with respect to the Borrowing Base Parties business or assets of which Agent becomes aware after the Closing Date, including any field examination or appraisal performed or received by Agent from time to time after the Closing Date. In determining the amount to be so included, Inventory shall be valued at the lower of cost or market on a basis consistent with the Borrowing Base Parties historical accounting practices. An item of Inventory shall not be included in Eligible Inventory if 
 23 

(a) a Borrowing Base Party does not have good, valid, and marketable title thereto, 
 (b) a Borrowing Base Party does not have actual and exclusive possession thereof (either directly or through a bailee or agent of a Borrowing Base Party), 
 (c) it is not located at one of the locations in the continental United States set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (or in-transit from one such location to another such location) (as such Schedule 4.25 may be amended from time to time pursuant to the definition of Permitted Location ), 
 (d) it is stored at locations holding less than 100,000 of the aggregate value of such Borrowing Base Party s Inventory, 
 (e) it is in-transit to or from a location of the relevant Borrowing Base Party (other than in-transit from one location set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement to another location in the same country set forth on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement (as such Schedule 4.25 may be amended from time to time in accordance with the definition of Permitted Location )), 
 (f) it is located on real property leased by a Borrowing Base Party or in a contract warehouse or with a bailee, in each case, unless either (i) it is subject to a Collateral Access Agreement executed by the lessor or warehouseman, as the case may be, and it is segregated or otherwise separately identifiable from goods of others, if any, stored on the premises, or (ii) Agent has established a Landlord Reserve with respect to such location provided , that, absent the occurrence of an Event of Default, an item of Inventory shall not be excluded from Eligible Inventory solely on account of this clause (f) before the date that is 120 days after the Closing Date (or such later date as Agent shall agree to in writing in its sole discretion)), 
 (g) it is the subject of a bill of lading or other document of title, 
 (h) it is not subject to a valid and perfected first priority Agent s Lien, 
 (i) it consists of goods returned or rejected by a Borrowing Base Party s customers, 
 (j) it consists of goods that are obsolete, slow moving, spoiled or are otherwise past the stated expiration, sell-by or use by date applicable thereto, restrictive or custom items or otherwise is manufactured in accordance with customer-specific requirements, work-in-process or goods that constitute spare parts, packaging and shipping materials, supplies used or consumed in the Borrowing Base Parties business, bill and hold goods, defective goods, seconds, or Inventory acquired on consignment, 
 (k) it is subject to third party intellectual property, licensing or other proprietary rights, unless Agent is satisfied that such Inventory can be freely sold by Agent on and after the occurrence of an Event of Default despite such third party rights, 
 24 

(l) it was acquired in connection with a Permitted Acquisition or Permitted Investment, or such Inventory is owned by a Person that becomes a Borrowing Base Party after the Closing Date pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement, until the completion of an Acceptable Appraisal of such Inventory and the completion of a field examination with respect to such Inventory that is satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion. 
 Eligible Progress Billings means, at any time, the Accounts of a Borrowing Base Party which would be Eligible Billed Accounts or Eligible Unbilled Accounts except that such Accounts represent progress or milestone billings, or which are otherwise conditioned upon the applicable Borrowing Base Party s completion of any further performance or service, so long as such Accounts, when billed, are billed in accordance with the applicable billing procedures, performance thresholds and other provisions of an executed contract or other documentation satisfactory to Agent in its Permitted Discretion with the applicable Account Debtor. 
 Eligible Raw Materials Inventory means Inventory that qualifies as Eligible Inventory and consists of goods that are first quality raw materials. 
 Eligible Transferee means (a) any Lender (other than a Defaulting Lender), any Affiliate of any Lender and any Related Fund of any Lender (but excluding Excluded Affiliates) (b) (i) a commercial bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000 (ii) a savings and loan association or savings bank organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, and having total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000 (iii) a commercial bank organized under the laws of any other country or a political subdivision thereof provided , that (A) (x) such bank is acting through a branch or agency located in the United States, or (y) such bank is organized under the laws of a country that is a member of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development or a political subdivision of such country, and (B) such bank has total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000 (c) any other entity (other than a natural person) that is an accredited investor (as defined in Regulation D under the Securities Act) that extends credit or buys loans as one of its businesses including insurance companies, investment or mutual funds and lease financing companies, and having total assets in excess of 1,000,000,000 and (d) during the continuation of an Event of Default, any other Person approved by Agent. 
 Eligible Unbilled Accounts means, at any time, the Accounts of a Borrowing Base Party which would be Eligible Accounts except that such Accounts are for goods which have been shipped or services which have been rendered (but in either case have not yet been billed) to an Account Debtor, so long as the period following the date of shipment of such goods or the rendering of such services and prior to the date of the issuance of the bill for such goods or services is less than 60 days. 
 Employee Benefit Plan means any employee benefit plan within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, whether or not subject to ERISA (a) that is or within the preceding six years has been sponsored, maintained, or contributed to by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate or (b) to which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has, or has had at any time with in the preceding six years, any liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 EMU Legislation means the legislative measures of the European Council for the introduction of, changeover to or operation of a single or unified European currency. 
 25 

Environmental Action means any written complaint, summons, notice of violation, citation, investigation, directive, order, claim, litigation, judicial or administrative proceeding, judgment, or similar written communication from any Governmental Authority, or any third party alleging or involving potential violations of Environmental Laws, or Remedial Actions involving a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or releases of, exposure to or contamination from Hazardous Materials (a) from any assets, properties, businesses or actions of any Borrower, any Subsidiary of any Borrower, or any of their predecessors in interest, or (b) from or onto any facilities which received Hazardous Materials generated by any Borrower, any Subsidiary of any Borrower, or any of their predecessors in interest. 
 Environmental Law means any applicable federal, state, provincial, foreign or local statute, law, rule, regulation, permit, ordinance, code, or rule of common law now or hereafter in effect and in each case as amended, or any judicial or administrative interpretation thereof, including any judicial or administrative order, consent decree or judgment, in each case, to the extent binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, relating to the protection of the environment or, to the extent relating to exposure to Hazardous Materials, of human health and safety. 
 Environmental Liabilities means all liabilities, monetary obligations, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts, or consultants, and costs of investigation and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions, and interest incurred as a result of any Environmental Action or Remedial Action involving a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. 
 Environmental Lien means any Lien in favor of any Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities. 
 Equipment means equipment (as that term is defined in the Code). 
 Equity Interests means, with respect to a Person, all of the shares, options, warrants, interests, participations, or other equivalents (regardless of how designated) of or in such Person, whether voting or nonvoting, including capital stock (or other ownership or profit interests or units), preferred stock, or any other equity security (as such term is defined in Rule 3a11-1 of the General Rules and Regulations promulgated by the SEC under the Exchange Act). 
 ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and any successor statute thereto. 
 ERISA Affiliate means (a) any Person subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(b), (b) any trade or business subject to ERISA whose employees are treated as employed by the same employer as the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(c), (c) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any organization subject to ERISA that is a member of an affiliated service group of which any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a member under IRC Section 414(m), or (d) solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the IRC, any Person subject to ERISA that is a party to an arrangement with any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and 
 26 

whose employees are aggregated with the employees of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under IRC Section 414(o). 
 Erroneous Payment has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement. 
 Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement. 
 Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement. 
 Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 Euro or means the lawful currency of the Participating Member States introduced in accordance with the EMU Legislation. 
 Event of Default has the meaning specified therefor in Section 8 of this Agreement. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as in effect from time to time. 
 Excluded Affiliate means any Affiliate of any member of the Lender Group that is engaged as a principal primarily in private equity, mezzanine financing, or venture capital, in each case, that have been specified to the Agent by OIS in writing on or before the Closing Date. 
 Excluded Equity Accounting means a written accounting of each issuance of Qualified Equity Interests, the proceeds of which are intended to constitute Excluded Equity Proceeds, which accounting shall (a) be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and (b) contain (i) the date on which the proceeds of such issuance were initially received by OIS and the amount thereof (ii) the number of days which have elapsed since the date the proceeds of such issuance were initially received by OIS (iii) if applicable, the date on which, and the reason for which, any such proceeds ceased to constitute Excluded Equity Proceeds and (iv) if applicable the date on which such proceeds were utilized and the use to which such proceeds were put. 
 Excluded Equity Proceeds means the net cash proceeds from the sale or issuance of Qualified Equity Interests provided , however , that any such proceeds shall cease (automatically and without notice to any Person) to constitute Excluded Equity Proceeds (a) if OIS does not provide an Excluded Equity Accounting with respect to such proceeds (with such Excluded Equity Accounting being prepared as of the day on which such proceeds were initially received by OIS) within five Business Days after such proceeds are first received by OIS, (b) on 
 27 

the date which is 30 days after the date such proceeds were first received by OIS (with all such proceeds being accounted for on a first-in-first-out basis), (c) with respect to all such proceeds which are extant at such time, upon the occurrence of a Cash Dominion Event, and (d) with respect to all such proceeds which are extant at such time, upon the occurrence of Revolver Usage exceeding 25,000,000. 
 Excluded Subsidiary means (a) Immaterial Subsidiaries, (b) any Subsidiary of a Loan Party to the extent that the burden or cost (including any potential tax liability) of obtaining a guarantee outweighs the benefit afforded thereby as reasonably determined by Borrowers and Agent, (c) any FSHCO, (d) any Domestic Subsidiary that is a direct or indirect subsidiary of a CFC, and (e) any Foreign Subsidiary of a Loan Party. 
 Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the guaranty of such Loan Party of (including by virtue of the joint and several liability provisions of Section 2.15 ), or the grant by such Loan Party of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any guaranty thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Loan Party s failure for any reason to constitute an eligible contract participant as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guaranty of such Loan Party or the grant of such security interest becomes effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such guaranty or security interest is or becomes illegal. 
 Excluded Taxes means (i) any Tax imposed on the net income or net profits (however denominated) of any Lender or any Participant (including any branch profits taxes), in each case imposed by the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Lender or such Participant is organized or the jurisdiction (or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof) in which such Lender s or such Participant s principal office is located in or as a result of a present or former connection between such Lender or such Participant and the jurisdiction or taxing authority imposing the tax (other than any such connection arising solely from such Lender or such Participant having executed, delivered or performed its obligations or received payment under, or enforced its rights or remedies under this Agreement or any other Loan Document), (ii) United States withholding taxes that would not have been imposed but for a Lender s or a Participant s failure to comply with the requirements of Section 16.2 of this Agreement, (iii) any United States federal withholding taxes that would be imposed on amounts payable to a Foreign Lender based upon the applicable withholding rate in effect at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office, other than a designation made at the request of a Loan Party), except that Excluded Taxes shall not include (A) any amount that such Foreign Lender (or its assignor, if any) was previously entitled to receive pursuant to Section 16.1 of this Agreement, if any, with respect to such withholding tax at the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), and (B) additional United States federal withholding taxes that may be imposed after the time such Foreign Lender becomes a party to this Agreement (or designates a new lending office), as a result of a change in law, rule, 
 28 

regulation, treaty, order or other decision or other Change in Law with respect to any of the foregoing by any Governmental Authority, and (iv) Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Facility means that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of January 30, 2018, among OIS, as the Borrower, the lenders from time to time party hereto, and as administrative agent, the swing line lender and an issuing bank. 
 Existing Letters of Credit means those letters of credit described on Schedule E-1 to this Agreement. 
 Extraordinary Advances has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(d)(iii) of this Agreement. 
 FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the IRC, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), and (a) any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, (b) any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the IRC, and (c) any intergovernmental agreement entered into by the United States (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules, or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection therewith). 
 FCPA means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Federal Funds Rate means, for any period, a fluctuating interest rate per annum equal to, for each day during such period, the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System, as published on the next succeeding Business Day by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or, if such rate is not so published for any day which is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day on such transactions received by Agent from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it (and, if any such rate is below zero, then the rate determined pursuant to this definition shall be deemed to be zero). 
 Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. 
 Fee Letter means that certain fee letter, dated as of even date with this Agreement, among Borrowers and Agent, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 
 Financial Officer of any Loan Party shall mean the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer, or controller of such Loan Party. 
 First Amendment Effective Date means March 16, 2021. 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to OIS and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the ratio of (a) Consolidated EBITDA for such period minus Unfinanced Capital Expenditures 
 29 

made (to the extent not already incurred in a prior period) or incurred during such period, to (b) Fixed Charges for such period. 
 Fixed Charges means, with respect to any fiscal period and with respect to OIS and its Subsidiaries determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, the sum, without duplication, of (a) Consolidated Interest Expense required to be paid (other than interest paid-in-kind, amortization of financing fees, and other non-cash Consolidated Interest Expense) during such period, (b) scheduled principal payments in respect of Indebtedness that are required to be paid during such period (excluding (i) principal payments made at maturity with the proceeds of Refinancing Indebtedness incurred in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (ii) principal payments made on the Seller Note), (c) all federal, state, provincial and local income taxes required to be paid in cash during such period, less any refunds received during such period, and (d) the amount of all Earn-Outs then due and payable or, if not then due and payable, the fair value of all such Earn-Outs provided, however, if the Fixed Charges for any period of determination are below zero, then the Fixed Charges shall be deemed to be zero for such period of determination. 
 In addition, notwithstanding the above, Fixed Charges for each month ended as of each date set forth below shall be deemed to be the amount set forth below for such month 
 Month Fixed Charges January 31, 2020 1,078,000 February 29, 2020 1,875,000 March 31, 2020 2,067,000 April 30, 2020 345,000 May 31, 2020 373,000 June 30, 2020 808,000 July 31, 2020 - 40,443,000 August 31, 2020 1,814,000 September 30, 2020 666,000 October 31, 2020 219,000 November 30, 2020 213,000 December 31, 2020 923,000 
 Floor means a rate of interest equal to 0 . 
 30 

Flow of Funds Agreement means a flow of funds agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by Borrowers and Agent. 
 Foreclosed Borrower has the meaning specified therefor in 2.15(h) of this Agreement. 
 Foreign Lender means any Lender or Participant that is not a United States person within the meaning of IRC section 7701(a)(30). 
 Foreign Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of any Loan Party that is organized under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia. 
 FSHCO shall mean any direct or indirect Domestic Subsidiary that has no material assets other than Equity Interests of one or more direct or indirect Foreign Subsidiaries that are CFCs (including any debt instrument issued by any such CFC which is treated as equity for U.S. federal income tax purposes). 
 Funded Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, all Indebtedness for borrowed money or letters of credit of OIS and its Subsidiaries, determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP, including, in any event, but without duplication, with respect to the Loan Parties, the Revolver Usage, the 2023 Senior Notes, the 2026 Senior Notes, and the amount of Capitalized Lease Obligations, but excluding the Seller Note. 
 Funding Date means the date on which a Borrowing occurs. 
 Funding Losses has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(b)(ii) of this Agreement. 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time in the United States, consistently applied. 
 General Dynamics means General Dynamics Corporation and its Subsidiaries. 
 Governing Documents means, with respect to any Person, the certificate or articles of incorporation, by-laws, or other organizational documents of such Person. 
 Governmental Authority means the government of any nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether at the national, state, territorial, provincial, county, municipal or any other level, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of, or pertaining to, government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Guarantor means (a) each Person that guaranties all or a portion of the Obligations, including each Person that is a Guarantor under the Guaranty and Security Agreement and (b) each other Person that becomes a guarantor after the Closing Date pursuant to Section 5.11 of this Agreement. 
 31 

Guaranty and Security Agreement means a guaranty and security agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, executed and delivered by each of the Loan Parties to Agent. 
 Hazardous Materials means (a) any petroleum products or byproducts and all other hydrocarbons (including any materials or wastes generated by the exploration, development, production and transportation any petroleum, petroleum products or other hydrocarbons), coal ash, radon gas, asbestos, urea formaldehyde foam insulation, polychlorinated biphenyls, chlorofluorocarbons and all other ozone-depleting substances and (b) any chemical, material, substance or waste that is prohibited, limited, regulated, or subject to regulation by or under any Environmental Law. 
 Hedge Agreement means a swap agreement as that term is defined in Section 101(53B)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code. 
 Hedge Obligations means any and all obligations or liabilities, whether absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries arising under, owing pursuant to, or existing in respect of Hedge Agreements entered into with one or more of the Hedge Providers. 
 Hedge Provider means any Bank Product Provider that is a party to a Hedge Agreement with a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or otherwise provides Bank Products under clause (f) of the definition thereof provided , that if, at any time, a Lender ceases to be a Lender under this Agreement (prior to the payment in full of the Obligations), then, from and after the date on which it ceases to be a Lender thereunder, neither it nor any of its Affiliates shall constitute Hedge Providers and the obligations with respect to Hedge Agreements entered into with such former Lender or any of its Affiliates shall no longer constitute Hedge Obligations. 
 Immaterial Subsidiary means each Subsidiary of a Borrower that is not a Material Subsidiary. 
 Increase has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14 . 
 Increase Date has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14 . 
 Increase Joinder has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14 . 
 Increased Inspection Event means if Availability is less than the greater of (a) 25 of the Line Cap and (b) 23,437,500 for five consecutive days. 
 Increased Reporting Event means if at any time Availability is less than the greater of (a) 15 of the Line Cap and (b) 14,062,500. 
 Increased Reporting Period means the period commencing after the continuance of an Increased Reporting Event for three consecutive days and continuing until the date when no Increased Reporting Event has occurred for 30 consecutive days. 
 32 

Indebtedness as to any Person means (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes, or other similar instruments and all reimbursement or other obligations in respect of letters of credit, bankers acceptances, or other financial products, (c) all obligations of such Person as a lessee under Capital Leases, (d) all obligations or liabilities of others secured by a Lien on any asset of such Person, irrespective of whether such obligation or liability is assumed, (e) all obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of assets (other than trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business and repayable in accordance with customary trade practices and, for the avoidance of doubt, other than royalty payments payable in the ordinary course of business in respect of non-exclusive licenses) and any earn-out or similar obligations, (f) all monetary obligations of such Person owing under Hedge Agreements (which amount shall be calculated based on the amount that would be payable by such Person if the Hedge Agreement were terminated on the date of determination), (g) any Disqualified Equity Interests of such Person, and (h) any obligation of such Person guaranteeing or intended to guarantee (whether directly or indirectly guaranteed, endorsed, co-made, discounted, or sold with recourse) any obligation of any other Person that constitutes Indebtedness under any of clauses (a) through (g) above. For purposes of this definition, (i) the amount of any Indebtedness represented by a guaranty or other similar instrument shall be the lesser of the principal amount of the obligations guaranteed and still outstanding and the maximum amount for which the guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Indebtedness, and (ii) the amount of any Indebtedness which is limited or is non-recourse to a Person or for which recourse is limited to an identified asset shall be valued at the lesser of (A) if applicable, the limited amount of such obligations, and (B) if applicable, the fair market value of such assets securing such obligation. 
 Indemnified Liabilities has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.3 of this Agreement. 
 Indemnified Person has the meaning specified therefor in Section 10.3 of this Agreement. 
 Indemnified Taxes means, (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by, or on account of any obligation of, any Loan Party under any Loan Document, and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes. 
 Individual Letter of Credit Sublimit means, as to any Issuing Bank, amounts with respect to Letters of Credit which may be established by such Issuing Bank upon its becoming an Issuing Bank hereunder provided, however, that (a) if such Issuing Bank does not establish any such amount, such Issuing Bank shall not have an Individual Letter of Credit Sublimit (b) such amounts may be increased or decreased from time to time with respect to Letters of Credit in a writing signed by the Administrative Borrower and such Issuing Bank and delivered to the Agent (and, in cases where an Issuing Bank reduces its Individual Letter of Credit Sublimit to 0.00 with respect to Letters of Credit, it shall cease to constitute an Issuing Bank) and (c) as of the Closing Date, the Individual Letter of Credit Sublimit for JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. shall be 732,198.69 
 33 

Insolvency Proceeding means any proceeding commenced by or against any Person under any provision of the Bankruptcy Code or under any other local, provincial, state or federal bankruptcy or insolvency law, assignments for the benefit of creditors, formal or informal moratoria, compositions, extensions generally with creditors, or proceedings seeking reorganization, arrangement, or other similar relief. 
 Intercompany Subordination Agreement means an intercompany subordination agreement, dated as of even date with this Agreement, executed and delivered by each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries, and Agent, the form and substance of which is reasonably satisfactory to Agent. 
 Interest Period means, with respect to each LIBOR Rate any SOFR Loan, a period commencing on the date of the making of such LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan (or the continuation of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan or the conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan) and ending 1, 3 , or 6 months thereafter or, if agreed to by all Lenders, 12 months thereafter provided , that (a) interest shall accrue at the applicable rate based upon the LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR from and including the first day of each Interest Period to, but excluding, the day on which any Interest Period expires, (b) any Interest Period that would end on a day that is not a Business Day shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such Business Day falls in another calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day, (c) with respect to an Interest Period that begins on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the calendar month at the end of such Interest Period), the Interest Period shall end on the last Business Day of the calendar month that is 1, 3 , 6, or 12 6 months after the date on which the Interest Period began, as applicable, (d) Borrowers may not elect an Interest Period which will end after the Maturity Date and (e) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D) shall be available for specification in any SOFR Notice or conversion or continuation notice . 
 Inventory means inventory (as that term is defined in the Code). 
 Inventory Reserves means, as of any date of determination, (a) Landlord Reserves in respect of Inventory, and (b) those reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion and subject to Section 2.1(d) , to establish and maintain (including reserves for slow moving Inventory and Inventory shrinkage) with respect to Eligible Inventory or the Maximum Revolver Amount, including based on the results of appraisals. 
 Investment means, with respect to any Person, any investment by such Person in any other Person (including Affiliates) in the form of loans, guarantees, advances, capital contributions (excluding (a) commission, travel, and similar advances to officers and employees of such Person made in the ordinary course of business, and (b) bona fide accounts receivable arising in the ordinary course of business), or acquisitions of Indebtedness, Equity Interests, or all or substantially all of the assets of such other Person (or of any division or business line of such other Person), and any other items that are or would be classified as investments on a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP. The amount of any Investment shall be the original cost of such Investment plus the cost of all additions thereto, without any adjustment for increases or decreases in value, or write-ups, write-downs, or write-offs with respect to such Investment. 
 34 

IRC means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as in effect from time to time. 
 ISP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the International Standby Practices 1998 (International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 590) and any version or revision thereof accepted by any Issuing Bank for use. 
 Issuer Document means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, a letter of credit application, a letter of credit agreement, or any other document, agreement or instrument entered into (or to be entered into) by a Borrower in favor of any Issuing Bank and relating to such Letter of Credit. 
 Issuing Bank means Wells Fargo, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., or any other Lender that, at the request of Borrowers and with the consent of Agent, agrees, in such Lender s sole discretion, to become an Issuing Bank for the purpose of issuing Letters of Credit pursuant to Section 2.11 of the Agreement and (b) delivers an instrument in form and substance satisfactory to the Borrowers and Agent whereby such other Lender agrees to act as an Issuing Bank hereunder and states the amount of such Lender s Individual Letter of Credit Sublimit. 
 Joinder means a joinder agreement substantially in the form of Exhibit J-1 to this Agreement. 
 Joint Book Runners has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Joint Lead Arrangers has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. 
 Landlord Reserve means, as to each location at which a Borrower has Inventory or books and records located and as to which a Collateral Access Agreement has not been received by Agent, a reserve in an amount determined by Agent in its sole discretion and not to exceed 3 months rent, storage charges, fees or other amounts under the lease or other applicable agreement relative to such location provided , however , that absent the occurrence of an Event of Default, no Landlord Reserve shall be established before the date that is 120 days after the Closing Date. 
 Lender has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement, shall include Swing Lender and each Issuing Bank, and shall also include any other Person made a party to this Agreement pursuant to the provisions of Section 13.1 of this Agreement and Lenders means each of the Lenders or any one or more of them. 
 Lender Group means each of the Lenders (including each Issuing Bank and each Swing Lender) and Agent, or any one or more of them. 
 Lender Group Expenses means all (a) costs or expenses (including taxes and insurance premiums) required to be paid by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under any of the Loan Documents that are paid, advanced, or incurred by the Lender Group, (b) documented out-of-pocket fees or charges paid or incurred by Agent in connection with the Lender Group s transactions with each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries under any of the Loan Documents, including, photocopying, notarization, couriers and messengers, telecommunication, public 
 35 

record searches, filing fees, recording fees, publication, real estate surveys, real estate title policies and endorsements, (c) Agent s customary fees and charges imposed or incurred in connection with any background checks or OFAC PEP searches related to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (d) Agent s customary fees and charges (as adjusted from time to time) with respect to the disbursement of funds (or the receipt of funds) to or for the account of any Borrower (whether by wire transfer or otherwise), together with any out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith, (e) customary charges imposed or incurred by Agent resulting from the dishonor of checks payable by or to any Loan Party, (f) reasonable, documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses paid or incurred by the Lender Group to correct any default or enforce any provision of the Loan Documents, or during the continuance of an Event of Default, in gaining possession of, maintaining, handling, preserving, storing, shipping, selling, preparing for sale, or advertising to sell the Collateral, or any portion thereof, irrespective of whether a sale is consummated, (g) field examination, appraisal, and valuation fees and expenses of Agent related to any field examinations, appraisals, or valuation to the extent of the fees and charges (and up to the amount of any limitation) provided in Section 5.7(c) of this Agreement, (h) Agent s and Lenders reasonable, documented costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees and expenses (limited to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one firm of counsel for Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction (which may include a single special counsel acting in multiple jurisdictions) for Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, plus, in the case of each perceived or actual conflict of interest among such Persons or any of them, the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one firm of conflicts counsel (for those of such Persons who are similarly situated in respect of such conflict of interest))) relative to third party claims or any other lawsuit or adverse proceeding paid or incurred, whether in enforcing or defending the Loan Documents or otherwise in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, Agent s Liens in and to the Collateral, or the Lender Group s relationship with any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (i) Agent s reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys fees (limited to the reasonable and documented fees and disbursements of one firm of counsel to Agent and, if necessary, one firm of local counsel in each appropriate jurisdiction) and due diligence expenses) incurred in advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering (including travel, meals, and lodging), syndicating (including reasonable costs and expenses relative to CUSIP, DXSyndicate , SyndTrak or other communication costs incurred in connection with a syndication of the loan facilities), or amending, waiving, or modifying the Loan Documents, and (j) Agent s and each Lender s reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors fees and expenses) incurred in terminating, enforcing (including attorneys, accountants, consultants, and other advisors fees and expenses incurred in connection with a workout, a restructuring, or an Insolvency Proceeding concerning any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or in exercising rights or remedies under the Loan Documents), or defending the Loan Documents, irrespective of whether a lawsuit or other adverse proceeding is brought, or in taking any enforcement action or any Remedial Action required under Environmental Law with respect to the Collateral. 
 Lender Group Representatives has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(a) of this Agreement. 
 36 

Lender-Related Person means, with respect to any Lender, such Lender, together with such Lender s Affiliates, officers, directors, employees, attorneys, and agents. 
 Letter of Credit means a letter of credit (as that term is defined in the Code) issued for the account of any Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement by any Issuing Bank. 
 Letter of Credit Collateralization means either (a) providing cash collateral (in, with respect to any applicable Letter of Credit, the Applicable Currency in which such Letter of Credit is denominated) (pursuant to documentation reasonably satisfactory to Agent (including that Agent has a first priority perfected Lien in such cash collateral), including provisions that specify that the applicable Letter of Credit Fees and all commissions, fees, charges and expenses provided for in this Agreement (including any fronting fees) will continue to accrue while the applicable Letters of Credit are outstanding) to be held by Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders in an amount equal to 105 for Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars and 110 for Letters of Credit denominated in any other currency, of the then existing Letter of Credit Usage, (b) delivering to Agent documentation executed by all beneficiaries under the applicable Letters of Credit, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank, terminating all of such beneficiaries rights under the Letters of Credit, or (c) providing Agent with a standby letter of credit (in the Applicable Currency of each applicable Letter of Credit), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, from a commercial bank acceptable to Agent (in its sole discretion) in an amount equal to 105 for Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars and 110 for Letters of Credit denominated in a foreign currency of the then existing applicable Letter of Credit Usage (it being understood that the applicable Letter of Credit Fee and all fronting fees set forth in this Agreement will continue to accrue while the applicable Letters of Credit are outstanding and that any such fees that accrue must be an amount that can be drawn under any such standby letter of credit). 
 Letter of Credit Disbursement means a payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. 
 Letter of Credit Exposure means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Letter of Credit Usage on such date. 
 Letter of Credit Fee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.6(b) of this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.11(f) of this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit Related Person has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.11(f) of this Agreement. 
 Letter of Credit Sublimit means 50,000,000. 
 Letter of Credit Usage means, as of any date of determination, the Dollar Equivalent of the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit. 
 37 

Leverage Ratio means, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the amount of the Funded Indebtedness of OIS and its Subsidiaries as of such date to (b) Consolidated EBITDA for the Loan Parties for the 12 month period ended as of such date. 
 LIBOR Deadline has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(b)(i) of this Agreement. 
 LIBOR Notice means a written notice in the form of Exhibit L-1 to this Agreement. 
 LIBOR Option has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(a) of this Agreement. 
 LIBOR Rate means the greater of (a) 0.50 per annum, and (b) the rate per annum as published by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (or any successor page or other commercially available source as the Agent may designate from time to time) as of 11 00 a.m., London time, two Business Days prior to the commencement of the requested Interest Period, for a term, and in an amount, comparable to the Interest Period and the amount of the LIBOR Rate Loan requested (whether as an initial LIBOR Rate Loan or as a continuation of a LIBOR Rate Loan or as a conversion of a Base Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate Loan) by Borrowers in accordance with this Agreement (and, if any such published rate is below zero, then the rate determined pursuant to this clause (b) shall be deemed to be zero). Each determination of the LIBOR Rate shall be made by the Agent and shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. 
 LIBOR Rate Loan means each portion of a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to the LIBOR Rate. 
 Lien means any mortgage, standard security, deed of trust, pledge, hypothecation, assignment, assignation in security, charge, hypothec, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, easement, lien (statutory or other), security interest, or other security arrangement and any other preference, priority, or preferential arrangement of any kind or nature whatsoever, including any conditional sale contract or other title retention agreement, the interest of a lessor under a Capital Lease and any synthetic or other financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing. 
 Line Cap means, as of any date of determination, the lesser of (a) the Maximum Revolver Amount and (b) the Borrowing Base as of such date of determination. 
 Loan means any Revolving Loan, Swing Loan, or Extraordinary Advance made (or to be made) hereunder. 
 Loan Account has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.9 of the Agreement. 
 Loan Documents means this Agreement, the Control Agreements, the Copyright Security Agreement, any Borrowing Base Certificate, the Fee Letter, the Guaranty and Security Agreement, the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, any Issuer Documents, the 
 38 

Letters of Credit, the Patent Security Agreements, the Trademark Security Agreements, any note or notes executed by Borrowers in connection with this Agreement and payable to any member of the Lender Group, and any other instrument or agreement entered into, now or in the future, by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any member of the Lender Group in connection with this Agreement (but specifically excluding Bank Product Agreements). 
 Loan Party means any Borrower or any Guarantor. 
 Margin Stock as defined in Regulation U of the Board of Governors as in effect from time to time. 
 Material Adverse Effect means (a) a material adverse effect in the business, operations, results of operations, assets, liabilities or financial condition of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, taken as a whole (other than, solely during the period from and including the Closing Date through and including December 31, 2021, resulting from any event, development or circumstance related to the COVID-19 pandemic that was disclosed to the Agent and Lenders in writing, or otherwise publicly disclosed in the filings of OIS with the SEC, in each case, on or before December 31, 2020), (b) a material impairment of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries ability to perform their obligations under the Loan Documents to which they are parties or of the Lender Group s ability to enforce the Obligations or realize upon the Collateral (other than as a result of as a result of an action taken or not taken that is solely in the control of Agent), or (c) a material impairment of the enforceability or priority of Agent s Liens with respect to all or a material portion of the Collateral. 
 Material Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, any Indebtedness of OIS or any of its Subsidiaries which has an outstanding principal balance equal to or greater than 17,500,000 (calculated in the aggregate, in cases where such Indebtedness exists in one or more associated or related tranches and excluding any principal thereof which has been escrowed or cash collateralized in a deposit account established by OIS at Wells Fargo which is subject to a Control Agreement, in each case, to the reasonable satisfaction of the Agent). 
 Material Indebtedness Documentation means any term loan agreement, credit agreement, promissory notes, indenture, or similar agreement governing or evidencing Material Indebtedness. 
 Material Subsidiary means (a) each Borrower, and (b) each Domestic Subsidiary of a Loan Party that (i) owns at least 3.50 of the consolidated total assets of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, (ii) generates at least 3.50 of the consolidated revenues of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, (iii) is the owner of Equity Interests of any Domestic Subsidiary of a Loan Party that otherwise constitutes a Material Subsidiary, or (iv) any group comprising Domestic Subsidiaries of a Loan Party that each would not have been a Material Subsidiary under clauses (i), (ii), or (iii) but that, taken together, had revenues or total assets in excess of 7.00 of the consolidated revenues or total assets, as applicable, of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries. 
 Maturity Date means February 10, 2025 provided , however , that the Maturity Date shall be adjusted (automatically and without notice to any Person) to be the 91st day 
 39 

immediately preceding the then stated maturity date of any Material Indebtedness (other than the Seller Note), unless, as of such 91st day, such Indebtedness no longer constitutes Material Indebtedness. 
 Maximum Revolver Amount means 125,000,000, decreased by the amount of reductions in the Revolver Commitments made in accordance with Section 2.4(c) of this Agreement and increased by the amount of any Increase made in accordance with Section 2.14 of this Agreement. 
 Moody s has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents . 
 Multiemployer Plan means any multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA with respect to which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has an obligation to contribute or has any liability, contingent or otherwise or could be assessed withdrawal liability assuming a complete withdrawal from any such multiemployer plan. 
 Net Cash Proceeds means, with respect to any sale or disposition by any Loan Party or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries of assets, the amount of cash proceeds received (directly or indirectly) from time to time (whether as initial consideration or through the payment of deferred consideration) by or on behalf of such Loan Party or such Domestic Subsidiary, in connection therewith after deducting therefrom only (a) the amount of any Indebtedness secured by any Permitted Lien on any asset (other than (i) Indebtedness owing to Agent or any Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents and (ii) Indebtedness assumed by the purchaser of such asset) which is required to be, and is, repaid in connection with such sale or disposition, (b) reasonable fees, commissions, and expenses related thereto and required to be paid by such Loan Party or such Domestic Subsidiary in connection with such sale or disposition, (c) taxes paid or payable to any taxing authorities by such Loan Party or such Domestic Subsidiary in connection with such sale or disposition, and (d) all amounts that are set aside as a reserve (i) for adjustments in respect of the purchase price of such assets, (ii) for any liabilities associated with such sale or casualty, to the extent such reserve is required by GAAP, and (iii) for the payment of unassumed liabilities relating to the assets sold or otherwise disposed of at the time of, or within 30 days after, the date of such sale or other disposition, to the extent that in each case the funds described above in this clause (d) are (A) deposited into escrow with a third party escrow agent or set aside in a separate Deposit Account that is subject to a Control Agreement in favor of Agent, and (B) paid to Agent as a prepayment of the applicable Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(e) of this Agreement at such time when such amounts are no longer required to be set aside as such a reserve. 
 Net Recovery Percentage means, as of any date of determination, the percentage of the book value of the Inventory that is estimated to be recoverable in an orderly liquidation of such Inventory net of all associated costs and expenses of such liquidation, such percentage to be determined as to each category of Inventory and to be as specified in the most recent Acceptable Appraisal of Inventory. 
 Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 14.2(a) of this Agreement. 
 40 

Non-Defaulting Lender means each Lender other than a Defaulting Lender. 
 Notification Event means (a) the occurrence of a reportable event described in Section 4043 of ERISA for which the 30-day notice requirement has not been waived by applicable regulations issued by the PBGC, (b) the withdrawal of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from a Pension Plan during a plan year in which it was a substantial employer as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA, (c) the termination of a Pension Plan, the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a Pension Plan or the treatment of a Pension Plan amendment as a termination, under Section 4041 of ERISA, if the plan assets are not sufficient to pay all plan liabilities, (d) the institution of proceedings to terminate, or the appointment of a trustee with respect to, any Pension Plan by the PBGC or any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan administrator, (e) any other event or condition that would constitute grounds under Section 4042(a) of ERISA for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, any Pension Plan, (f) the imposition of a Lien pursuant to the IRC or ERISA in connection with any Employee Benefit Plan or the existence of any facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a Lien, (g) the partial or complete withdrawal of any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate from a Multiemployer Plan (other than any withdrawal that would not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.12 ), (h) any event or condition that results in the reorganization or insolvency of a Multiemployer Plan under Section 4245 of ERISA, (i) any event or condition that results in the termination of a Multiemployer Plan under Section 4041A of ERISA or the institution by the PBGC of proceedings to terminate or to appoint a trustee to administer a Multiemployer Plan under ERISA, (j) any Pension Plan being in at risk status within the meaning of IRC Section 430(i), (k) any Multiemployer Plan being in endangered status or critical status within the meaning of IRC Section 432(b) or the determination that any Multiemployer Plan is or is expected to be insolvent or in reorganization within the meaning of Section 4245 of ERISA, (l) with respect to any Pension Plan, any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate incurring a substantial cessation of operations within the meaning of ERISA Section 4062(e), (m) an accumulated funding deficiency within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA) or the failure of any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan to meet the minimum funding standards within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA), in each case, whether or not waived, (n) the filing of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standards within the meaning of the IRC or ERISA (including Section 412 of the IRC or Section 302 of ERISA) with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (o) the failure to make by its due date a required payment or contribution with respect to any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, (p) any event that results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability by a Loan Party pursuant to Title I of ERISA or the excise tax provisions of the IRC relating to Employee Benefit Plans or any event that results in or could reasonably be expected to result in a liability to any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate pursuant to Title IV of ERISA or Section 401(a)(29) of the IRC, or (q) any of the foregoing is reasonably likely to occur in the following 30 days. 
 Obligations means (a) all loans (including the Revolving Loans (inclusive of Extraordinary Advances and Swing Loans)), debts, principal, interest (including any interest that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), reimbursement or indemnification obligations with respect to Letters of Credit (irrespective of whether contingent), premiums, liabilities (including all amounts charged to the Loan Account pursuant to this 
 41 

Agreement), obligations (including indemnification obligations), fees (including the fees provided for in the Fee Letter), Lender Group Expenses (including any fees or expenses that accrue after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), guaranties, and all covenants, undertakings and duties of any other kind and description owing by any Loan Party arising out of, under, pursuant to, in connection with, or evidenced by this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents and irrespective of whether for the payment of money, whether direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising, and including all interest not paid when due and all other expenses or other amounts that any Loan Party is required to pay or reimburse by the Loan Documents or by law or otherwise in connection with the Loan Documents, and (b) all Bank Product Obligations provided that, anything to the contrary contained in the foregoing notwithstanding, the Obligations shall exclude any Excluded Swap Obligation. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Obligations of Borrowers under the Loan Documents include the obligation to pay (i) the principal of the Revolving Loans, (ii) interest accrued on the Revolving Loans, (iii) the amount necessary to reimburse the Issuing Banks for amounts paid or payable pursuant to Letters of Credit, (iv) Letter of Credit commissions, fees (including fronting fees) and charges, (v) Lender Group Expenses, (vi) fees payable under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents, and (vii) indemnities and other amounts payable by any Loan Party under any Loan Document. Any reference in this Agreement or in the Loan Documents to the Obligations shall include all or any portion thereof and any extensions, modifications, renewals, or alterations thereof, both prior and subsequent to any Insolvency Proceeding. 
 OFAC means The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury. 
 OIS has the meaning specified therefor the Preamble hereto. 
 Ordinary Course of Business means, in respect of any transaction involving any Loan Party or Subsidiary, the ordinary course of such Person s business, as conducted by any such Person in accordance with applicable law, and undertaken by such Person in good faith and consistent with past practice, where applicable. 
 Originating Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(e) of this Agreement. 
 Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court, excise, value added, or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Lender or such Participant and the jurisdiction or taxing authority imposing the tax (other than any such connection arising from such Lender or such Participant having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any Loan Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan or Loan Document), imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.13 or Section 14.2 ). 
 42 

Overadvance means, as of any date of determination, that the Revolver Usage is greater than any of the limitations set forth in Section 2.1 or Section 2.11 of this Agreement. 
 Participant has the meaning specified therefor in Section 13.1(e) of this Agreement. 
 Participant Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(i) of this Agreement. 
 Pass-Through Proceeds Accounting means a written accounting of each Restricted Payment, the proceeds of which constituted or were intended to constitute Pass-Through Proceeds, which accounting shall (a) be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and (b) contain (i) the date on which each such Restricted Payment was made and the amount thereof (ii) the Foreign Subsidiary which made such Restricted Payment (iii) the date on which the proceeds of such Restricted Payment were initially received by OIS or a Domestic Subsidiary (iv) the number of days which have elapsed since the date the proceeds of such Restricted Payment were initially received by OIS or a Domestic Subsidiary (v) if applicable, the date on which, and the reason for which, any such proceeds of any such Restricted Payment ceased to constitute Pass-Through Proceeds and (vi) if applicable, the date on which any of such proceeds were withdrawn from the Pass-Through Proceeds Deposit Account and, the amount thereof, and the use to which such amount was put upon such withdrawal. 
 Pass-Through Proceeds Deposit Account means a deposit account (a) which is established by OIS at Wells Fargo (b) which is subject to a Control Agreement (c) into which no funds are deposited, other than Pass-Through Proceeds and (d) from which no withdrawals or dispositions of funds on deposit therein are made, other than (i) the repayment of the 2023 Senior Notes or the 2026 Senior Notes in accordance with Section 6.6(a), (ii) the payment of any fees associated with the establishment, maintenance, and operation of such deposit account, and (iii) transfers to an OIS operating account established and maintained at Wells Fargo. 
 Pass-Through Proceeds means the proceeds of a Restricted Payment made by a Foreign Subsidiary to OIS (or by a Foreign Subsidiary to a Domestic Subsidiary which is, in a series of one or more intermediate and corresponding Restricted Payments, ultimately made to OIS) provided , however , that no such proceeds shall constitute Pass-Through Proceeds unless (a) such proceeds (upon receipt by OIS or a Domestic Subsidiary) shall have been deposited directly into the Pass-Through Proceeds Deposit Account and (b) if such proceeds were received by OIS or a Domestic Subsidiary within 90 days after any Investment (of any kind or character) was made by OIS or any Domestic Subsidiary in any Foreign Subsidiary, OIS shall have demonstrated in writing (to Agent s satisfaction), before such proceeds are received by OIS, that such proceeds do not constitute any direct or indirect return, refund, or reimbursement of such Investment provided , however , that any such proceeds shall cease (automatically and without notice to any Person) to constitute Pass-Through Proceeds (i) if OIS does not provide a Pass-Through Proceeds Accounting with respect to such proceeds (with such Pass-Through Proceeds Accounting being prepared as of the day on which such proceeds were initially received by OIS) within five Business Days after such proceeds are deposited into the Pass-Through Proceeds Deposit Account (ii) if such proceeds are not applied to the repayment of the 2023 Senior Notes or the 2026 Senior Notes in accordance with Section 6.6(a) within 45 days after such proceeds 
 43 

are first received by a Domestic Subsidiary (with all of such proceeds being deposited into the Pass-Through Proceeds Deposit Account being accounted for on a first-in-first-out basis) and (iii) with respect to any such proceeds which are, in fact, used to repay the 2023 Senior Notes or the 2026 Senior Notes, upon their application to the repayment of the 2023 Senior Notes or the 2026 Senior Notes in accordance with Section 6.6(a) , and, with respect to any proceeds which are not, in fact, used to repay the 2023 Senior Notes or the 2026 Senior Notes in accordance with Section 6.6(a) , upon their withdrawal from the Pass-Through Proceeds Deposit Account. 
 Patent Security Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in the applicable Guaranty and Security Agreement. 
 Patriot Act has the meaning specified therefor in Section 4.13 of this Agreement. 
 Payment Conditions means, at the time of determination with respect to a proposed payment to fund a Specified Transaction, that 
 (a) no Default or Event of Default then exists or would arise as a result of the consummation of such Specified Transaction, 
 (b) both (i) the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is equal to or greater than 1.00 1.00 for the trailing 12 month period most recently ended for which financial statements are required to have been delivered to Agent pursuant to Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement (calculated (A) with respect to any Specified Transaction which constitutes a Restricted Payment (or declaration of any Restricted Payment) to be made in cash, on a pro forma basis as if such proposed payment is a Fixed Charge made on the last day of such 12 month period (it being understood that such proposed payment shall also be a Fixed Charge made on the last day of such 12 month period for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio under this clause (ii) for any subsequent proposed payment to fund a Specified Transaction) and (B) for any other Specified Transaction, on a pro forma basis as if such Specified Transaction was consummated on the last day of such 12 month period (it being understood that such Specified Transaction shall also be deemed consummated on the last day of such 12 month period for purposes of calculating the Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio under this clause (b) for any subsequent proposed payment to fund a Specified Transaction)), and (ii) Availability (x) at all times during the 30 consecutive days immediately preceding the date of such proposed payment and the consummation of such Specified Transaction, calculated on a pro forma basis as if such proposed payment was made, and the Specified Transaction was consummated, on the first day of such period, and (y) after giving effect to such proposed payment and Specified Transaction, in each case, is not less than the greater of (1) 20 of the Line Cap, and (2) 25,000,000, and 
 (c) Administrative Borrower has delivered a certificate to Agent certifying that all conditions described in clauses (a) and (b) above have been satisfied. 
 Payment Recipient has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.18 of this Agreement. 
 44 

PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any successor agency. 
 Pension Plan means any Employee Benefit Plan, other than a Multiemployer Plan, which is subject to the provisions of Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA or Sections 412 or 430 of the IRC sponsored, maintained, or contributed to by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate or to which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has any liability, contingent or otherwise. 
 Perfection Certificate means a certificate in the form of Exhibit P-1 to this Agreement. 
 Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition so long as 
 (a) the proposed Acquisition is consensual, 
 (b) with respect to any Permitted Acquisition (or series of related Permitted Acquisitions) for which the purchase consideration payable (including deferred payment obligations) in connection therewith exceeds 10,000,000 in the aggregate, Borrowers have provided Agent with its due diligence package relative to the proposed Acquisition, including forecasted balance sheets, profit and loss statements, and cash flow statements of the Person or assets to be acquired, all prepared on a basis consistent with such Person s (or assets historical financial statements, together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of underlying assumptions for the one year period following the date of the proposed Acquisition, on a month by month basis, in form and substance (including as to scope and underlying assumptions) reasonably satisfactory to Agent, 
 (c) with respect to any Permitted Acquisition (or series of related Permitted Acquisitions) for which the purchase consideration payable (including deferred payment obligations) in connection therewith exceeds 10,000,000 in the aggregate, Borrowers have provided Agent with written notice of the proposed Acquisition at least 15 Business Days prior to the anticipated closing date of the proposed Acquisition (with Borrowers hereby agreeing to provide (promptly and, in any event, within five Business Days after such Acquisition is consummated) true and complete copies of the acquisition agreement and other material documents relative to the proposed Acquisition), 
 (d) reserved , 
 (e) the assets being acquired (other than a de minimis amount of assets in relation to Borrowers and their Subsidiaries total assets), or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired, are useful in or engaged in, as applicable, the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries or a business reasonably related thereto, 
 (f) either (A) the assets being acquired (other than a de minimis amount of assets in relation to the assets being acquired) are located within the United States, or the Person whose Equity Interests are being acquired is organized in a jurisdiction located within the United States or (B) such Acquisition is being consummated by a Foreign Subsidiary and 
 (g) with respect to such Acquisition 
 45 

(i) the Payment Conditions are satisfied, 
 (ii) (A) at the time such Acquisition is consummated and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists and (B) the purchase consideration payable in connection therewith is comprised exclusively of Qualified Equity Interests, or 
 (iii) (A) the purchase consideration payable in connection therewith is comprised exclusively of Excluded Equity Proceeds, (B) at the time such Acquisition is consummated and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists, (C) the Administrative Borrower shall have given Agent prior written notice of such Acquisition, and (D) on the date on which such Acquisition is consummated, the Administrative Borrower shall have provided Agent with a certificate of a Responsible Officer regarding such Acquisition in which such Responsible Officer (1) certifies that the conditions precedent to such Acquisition set forth in the foregoing clauses (A) through (D) have been satisfied (2) demonstrates to Agent s satisfaction that the proceeds used to consummate such Acquisition constituted Excluded Equity Proceeds (including by demonstrating that such proceeds satisfy the conditions set forth in the definition of Excluded Equity Proceeds and (3) attaches thereto an Excluded Equity Accounting (which Excluded Equity Accounting shall be prepared as of the date on which such Acquisition is to be consummated and after giving effect thereto). 
 Permitted Discretion means a determination made in the exercise of reasonable (from the perspective of a secured asset-based lender) business judgment. 
 Permitted Dispositions means 
 (a) sales, abandonment, or other dispositions of Equipment that is substantially worn, damaged, or obsolete or no longer used or useful in the Ordinary Course of Business and leases or subleases of Real Property not useful in the conduct of the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, 
 (b) sales of Inventory to buyers in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (c) the use or transfer of money or Cash Equivalents in a manner that is not prohibited by the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, 
 (d) the licensing, on a non-exclusive basis, of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (e) the granting of Permitted Liens, 
 (f) the sale or discount, in each case without recourse, of accounts receivable (other than Eligible Accounts) arising in the Ordinary Course of Business, but only in connection with the compromise or collection thereof, 
 (g) any involuntary loss, damage or destruction of property, 
 (h) any involuntary condemnation, seizure or taking, by exercise of the power of eminent domain or otherwise, or confiscation or requisition of use of property, 
 46 

(i) the leasing or subleasing of assets of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (j) the sale or issuance of Equity Interests (other than Disqualified Equity Interests) of OIS, 
 (k) (i) the lapse of registered patents, trademarks, copyrights and other intellectual property of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent not economically desirable in the conduct of its business, or (ii) the abandonment of patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights in the Ordinary Course of Business so long as (in each case under clauses (i) and (ii)), (A) with respect to copyrights, such copyrights are not material revenue generating copyrights, and (B) such lapse is not materially adverse to the interests of the Lender Group, 
 (l) the making of Restricted Payments that are not prohibited by this Agreement, 
 (m) the making of Permitted Investments, 
 (n) transfers of assets (i) from any Loan Party to any Loan Party (ii) from any Subsidiary to any Loan Party (iii) from any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to any Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party and (iv) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would immediately result therefrom, from any Loan Party to any Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party provided , that, (A) with respect to any transfer made pursuant to this clause (iv), to the extent constituting the transfer of assets of the type included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base, (1) such transfer shall be made only in the Ordinary Course of Business (2) after giving pro forma effect to such transfer, no Overadvance shall exist, and (3) if, after giving pro forma effect to such transfer, a Supplemental BBC Trigger will occur, then Borrowers shall have, prior to the consummation of such transfer, delivered a Supplemental Borrowing Base Certificate to Agent and (B) with respect to any transfer made pursuant to this clause (iv), to the extent constituting the transfer of assets which are not of the type included in the calculation of the Borrowing Base, the aggregate amount of such assets transferred in any of OIS s fiscal years shall not exceed 20,000,000, 
 (o) dispositions of Equipment or Real Property (not including, with respect to Real Property, the granting of Liens in and to such Real Property) to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property, or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property provided , that to the extent the property being transferred constitutes Collateral, such replacement property shall constitute Collateral, 
 (p) dispositions of assets acquired by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries pursuant to a Permitted Acquisition consummated within 12 months of the date of the proposed disposition so long as (i) the consideration received for the assets to be so disposed is at least equal to the fair market value of such assets, (ii) the assets to be so disposed are not necessary or economically desirable in connection with the business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, (iii) the assets to be so disposed are readily identifiable as assets acquired pursuant 
 47 

to the subject Permitted Acquisition, and (iv) if, as of any date of determination, a Supplemental BBC Trigger occurs, then Borrowers shall have, prior to the consummation of the sale or disposition that causes the Supplemental BBC Trigger to occur, deliver a Supplemental Borrowing Base Certificate to Agent, and 
 (q) sales or other dispositions of assets not otherwise permitted in clauses (a) through (p) above (other than sales or other dispositions of Accounts in connection with securitization or factoring arrangements), so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would immediately result therefrom, (ii) each such sale or disposition is in an arm s-length transaction and the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiary receives at least the fair market value of the assets so disposed, (iii) the consideration received by the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiary consists of at least 75 cash and Cash Equivalents and is paid at the time of the closing of such sale or disposition, and (iv) the aggregate amount of the cash and non-cash proceeds received from all assets sold or disposed of pursuant to this clause (q) shall not exceed 20,000,000 in any fiscal year of OIS (for this purpose, using the fair market value of property other than cash) provided , that if, as of any date of determination, a Supplemental BBC Trigger occurs, then Borrowers shall, prior to the consummation of the sale or disposition that causes the Supplemental BBC Trigger to occur, deliver a Supplemental Borrowing Base Certificate to Agent. 
 Permitted Indebtedness means 
 (a) Indebtedness in respect of the Obligations other than Bank Product Obligations, 
 (b) Indebtedness as of the Closing Date set forth on Schedule 4.14 to this Agreement and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness, 
 (c) Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of such Indebtedness, 
 (d) Indebtedness arising in connection with the endorsement of instruments or other payment items for deposit, 
 (e) Indebtedness consisting of (i) unsecured guarantees incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business with respect to surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, completion guarantee and similar obligations (ii) unsecured guarantees arising with respect to customary indemnification obligations to purchasers in connection with Permitted Dispositions and (iii) unsecured guarantees with respect to Indebtedness of any Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries, to the extent that the Person that is obligated under such guaranty could have incurred such underlying Indebtedness, 
 (f) unsecured Indebtedness of any Loan Party that is incurred on the date of the consummation of a Permitted Acquisition solely for the purpose of consummating such Permitted Acquisition so long as (i) no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (ii) such unsecured Indebtedness is not incurred for working capital purposes, (iii) such unsecured Indebtedness does not mature prior to the date that is 12 months after the 
 48 

Maturity Date, (iv) such unsecured Indebtedness does not amortize until 12 months after the Maturity Date, (v) such unsecured Indebtedness does not provide for the payment of interest thereon in cash or Cash Equivalents prior to the date that is 12 months after the Maturity Date, and (vi) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to Agent and is otherwise on terms and conditions (including economic terms and absence of covenants) reasonably satisfactory to Agent, 
 (g) Acquired Indebtedness in an amount not to exceed 25,000,000 outstanding at any one time, 
 (h) Indebtedness incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business under performance, surety, statutory, or appeal bonds, 
 (i) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing property, casualty, liability, or other insurance to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, so long as the amount of such Indebtedness is not in excess of the amount of the unpaid cost of, and shall be incurred only to defer the cost of, such insurance for the year in which such Indebtedness is incurred and such Indebtedness is outstanding only during such year, 
 (j) reserved , 
 (k) Indebtedness incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business in respect of Bank Products (provided, that with respect to transactions under Hedge Agreements, such Indebtedness shall be incurred only as provided in Section 6.15 ), 
 (l) unsecured Indebtedness of any Loan Party owing to employees, former employees, former officers, directors, or former directors (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing) incurred in connection with the repurchase or redemption by such Loan Party of the Equity Interests of OIS that has been issued to such Persons, so long as (i) no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from the incurrence of such Indebtedness, (ii) the aggregate amount of all such Indebtedness outstanding, plus the aggregate amount of redemptions made by OIS under Section 6.7(a) and forgiveness of loans under Section 6.7(b) , at any one time does not exceed 5,000,000, and (iii) such Indebtedness is subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Agent, 
 (m) contingent liabilities in respect of any indemnification obligation, adjustment of purchase price, non-compete, or similar obligation of any Loan Party incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions, 
 (n) Indebtedness comprising Permitted Investments, 
 (o) unsecured Indebtedness incurred in respect of netting services, overdraft protection, and other like services, in each case, incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (p) unsecured Indebtedness of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in respect of Earn-Outs owing to sellers of assets or Equity Interests to such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries that is incurred in connection with the consummation of one or more Permitted Acquisitions so long as such unsecured Indebtedness is on terms and conditions reasonably acceptable to Agent, 
 49 

(q) Indebtedness in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 50,000,000 at any time outstanding for all Subsidiaries of each Loan Party that are not Loan Parties provided , that such Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly recourse to any of the Loan Parties or to their respective assets, 
 (r) accrual of interest, accretion or amortization of original issue discount, or the payment of interest in kind, in each case, on Indebtedness that otherwise constitutes Permitted Indebtedness, 
 (s) Indebtedness of the Loan Parties so long as (w) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing at the time of issuance or incurrence or shall result therefrom, (x) in the case of secured Indebtedness, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of proceeds thereof, the Borrower would be in compliance with a Leverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis as of the most recently ended fiscal month for which Agent has received financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1 on or prior to the incurrence of such secured Indebtedness, that is no greater than 3.50 1.00, and (y) in the case of unsecured Indebtedness, at the time of incurrence thereof and after giving pro forma effect thereto and the use of proceeds thereof, the Borrower would be in compliance with the Leverage Ratio, calculated on a pro forma basis as of the most recently ended fiscal month for which Agent has received financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1 on or prior to the incurrence of such unsecured Indebtedness, that is no greater than 4.00 1.00 provided that (A) any secured Indebtedness incurred pursuant to clause (x) hereof may only be secured by a second priority security interest, (B) any such Indebtedness has a final maturity date that is at least 180 days later than the Maturity Date, (C) in the case of any such Indebtedness in the form of notes, the terms thereof do not contain financial maintenance covenants (it being understood that this clause (C) expressly does not apply to term loans or other similar forms of Indebtedness), (D) the terms of any such Indebtedness shall not contain or otherwise impose (i) any representations, warranties, covenants, conditions, mandatory prepayments, events of default, remedies or other provisions that either (1) are not usual and customary with respect to such type of Indebtedness given the then prevailing market conditions, or (2) are materially more restrictive or burdensome than the terms and provisions set forth in this Agreement provided that, the inclusion of any covenant that is usual and customary with respect to such type of Indebtedness given the then prevailing market conditions and that is not found in this Agreement shall not be deemed to be more restrictive for purposes of this subclause (D)(i)(2), or (ii) any scheduled amortization or other scheduled requirement to purchase, redeem, retire, tender, defease, or establish a sinking fund other than (1) scheduled amortization of no more than 1.0 of the initial aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness per annum to the extent such amortization is customary for such type of Indebtedness, and (2) at scheduled maturity date, and (E) in the case of Indebtedness secured by any Collateral, the holder of such Indebtedness (or an agent or representative in respect thereof) shall have entered into a customary intercreditor agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent and OIS, 
 (t) (i) the 2023 Senior Notes and (ii) the 2026 Senior Notes and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect of the 2026 Senior Notes, 
 (u) the Seller Note, 
 50 

(v) Indebtedness incurred by any Foreign Subsidiary in an aggregate outstanding principal amount not to exceed 10,000,000 for all Foreign Subsidiaries provided , that such Indebtedness is not directly or indirectly recourse to any of the Loan Parties or to their respective assets, and 
 (w) any other unsecured Indebtedness incurred by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed 20,000,000 at any one time. 
 Permitted Intercompany Advances means loans or capital contributions made by (a) a Loan Party to another Loan Party, (b) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to another Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party, (c) a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to a Loan Party, so long as the parties thereto are party to the Intercompany Subordination Agreement (or will become party thereto within the time period specified in Section 3.6 ), and (d) any other loan or capital contribution made by a Loan Party to a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party so long as (i) the aggregate amount of all such loans and capital contributions under this clause (d), taken together, does not exceed 20,000,000 from and after the Closing Date, and (ii) at the time of the making of such loan or capital contribution, no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom. 
 Permitted Investments means 
 (a) Investments in cash and Cash Equivalents, 
 (b) Investments in negotiable instruments deposited or to be deposited for collection in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (c) advances made in connection with purchases of goods or services in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (d) Investments received in settlement of amounts due to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries effected in the Ordinary Course of Business or owing to any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries as a result of Insolvency Proceedings involving an account debtor or upon the foreclosure or enforcement of any Lien in favor of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, 
 (e) Investments owned by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries on the Closing Date and set forth on Schedule P-1 to this Agreement, 
 (f) guarantees permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness , 
 (g) Permitted Intercompany Advances, 
 (h) Equity Interests or other securities acquired in connection with the satisfaction or enforcement of Indebtedness or claims due or owing to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (in bankruptcy of customers or suppliers or otherwise outside the Ordinary Course of Business) or as security for any such Indebtedness or claims, 
 (i) deposits of cash made in the Ordinary Course of Business to secure performance of operating leases, 
 51 

(j) (i) non-cash loans and advances to employees, officers, and directors of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries for the purpose of purchasing Equity Interests in OIS so long as the proceeds of such loans are used in their entirety to purchase such Equity Interests in OIS, and (ii) loans and advances to employees and officers of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business for any other business purpose and in an aggregate amount not to exceed 5,000,000 at any one time, 
 (k) Permitted Acquisitions, 
 (l) reserved , 
 (m) Investments resulting from entering into (i) Bank Product Agreements or (ii) agreements relative to obligations permitted under clause (j) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness , 
 (n) equity Investments by any Loan Party in any Subsidiary of such Loan Party which is required by law to maintain a minimum net capital requirement or as may be otherwise required by applicable law, 
 (o) Investments held by a Person acquired in a Permitted Acquisition to the extent that such Investments were not made in contemplation of or in connection with such Permitted Acquisition and were in existence on the date of such Permitted Acquisition, 
 (p) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, any other Investments in an aggregate amount not to exceed 10,000,000 during the term of this Agreement, 
 (q) Investments consisting of non-cash consideration received in connection with Permitted Dispositions, so long as the non-cash consideration received in connection with any Permitted Disposition does not exceed 25 of the total consideration received in connection with such Permitted Disposition, 
 (r) any other Investment (other than any Acquisition and any Investment by a Loan Party in or to a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party) so long as (i) the Payment Conditions are satisfied or (ii) (A) such Investment is made exclusively with Qualified Equity Interests and (B) so long as at the time such Investment is made and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists, and 
 (s) any other Investment (other than any Acquisition) so long as (i) such Investment is made exclusively with Excluded Equity Proceeds, (ii) at the time such Investment is made and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists, (iii) the Administrative Borrower shall have given Agent prior written notice of such Investment, and (iv) on the date on which such Investment is made, the Administrative Borrower shall have provided Agent with a certificate of a Responsible Officer regarding such Investment in which such Responsible Officer (A) certifies that the conditions precedent to such Investment set forth in the foregoing clauses (i) through (iii) have been satisfied (B) demonstrates to Agent s satisfaction that the proceeds used to make such Investment constituted Excluded Equity Proceeds (including by demonstrating that such proceeds satisfy the conditions set forth in the definition of 
 52 

Excluded Equity Proceeds and (C) attaches thereto an Excluded Equity Accounting (which Excluded Equity Accounting shall be prepared as of the date on which such Investment is to be made and after giving effect thereto). 
 Permitted Liens means (subject to Section 6.14 
 (a) Liens granted to, or for the benefit of, Agent to secure the Obligations, 
 (b) Liens or claims for unpaid taxes, assessments, or other governmental charges or levies that either (i) are not yet delinquent, or (ii) do not have priority over Agent s Liens and the underlying taxes, assessments, or charges or levies are the subject of Permitted Protests, 
 (c) judgment Liens arising solely as a result of the existence of judgments, orders, or awards that do not constitute an Event of Default under Section 8.3 of this Agreement, 
 (d) Liens set forth on Schedule P-2 to this Agreement provided , that to qualify as a Permitted Lien, any such Lien described on Schedule P-2 to this Agreement shall only secure the Indebtedness that it secures on the Closing Date and any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, 
 (e) the interests of lessors under operating leases and non-exclusive licensors under license agreements, 
 (f) purchase money Liens on fixed assets or the interests of lessors under Capital Leases to the extent that such Liens or interests secure Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness and so long as (i) such Lien attaches only to the fixed asset purchased or acquired and the proceeds thereof, and (ii) such Lien only secures the Indebtedness that was incurred to acquire the fixed asset purchased or acquired or any Refinancing Indebtedness in respect thereof, 
 (g) Liens arising by operation of law in favor of warehousemen, landlords, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers, or suppliers, incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business and not in connection with the borrowing of money, and which Liens either (i) are for sums not yet delinquent, or (ii) are the subject of Permitted Protests, 
 (h) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries obligations in connection with worker s compensation or other unemployment insurance, 
 (i) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries obligations in connection with the making or entering into of bids, tenders, or leases in Ordinary Course of Business and not in connection with the borrowing of money, 
 (j) Liens on amounts deposited to secure any Borrower s and its Subsidiaries reimbursement obligations with respect to surety or appeal bonds obtained in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (k) with respect to any Real Property, easements, title conditions, rights of way, and zoning restrictions that do not materially interfere with or impair the use, enjoyment or operation thereof, 
 53 

(l) non-exclusive licenses of patents, trademarks, copyrights, and other intellectual property rights in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (m) Liens that are replacements of Permitted Liens to the extent that the original Indebtedness is the subject of permitted Refinancing Indebtedness and so long as the replacement Liens only encumber those assets that secured the original Indebtedness, 
 (n) rights of setoff or bankers liens upon deposits of funds in favor of banks or other depository institutions, solely to the extent incurred in connection with the maintenance of such Deposit Accounts in the Ordinary Course of Business, 
 (o) Liens granted in the Ordinary Course of Business on the unearned portion of insurance premiums securing the financing of insurance premiums to the extent the financing is permitted under the definition of Permitted Indebtedness , 
 (p) Liens in favor of customs and revenue authorities arising as a matter of law to secure payment of customs duties in connection with the importation of goods, 
 (q) Liens permitted under clause (s) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness (but only to the extent such Indebtedness is permitted to be secured under the terms of clause (s) of such definition), 
 (r) Liens assumed by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in connection with a Permitted Acquisition that secure Acquired Indebtedness that is Permitted Indebtedness, 
 (s) Liens on assets of Foreign Subsidiaries which secure Indebtedness permitted under clause (v) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness, and 
 (t) other Liens which do not secure Indebtedness for borrowed money or letters of credit and as to which the aggregate amount of the obligations secured thereby does not exceed 7,500,000. 
 Permitted Location means, with respect to the Inventory of any Loan Party or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries 
 (a) each location identified on Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement provided that the Administrative Borrower may amend Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement from time to time to add new locations so long as such amendment occurs by written notice to Agent not less than ten days prior to the date on which any Inventory is moved to any such new location and each such new location is within the continental United States) 
 (b) any location of any Loan Party s or any Domestic Subsidiary s customers, so long as (i) such location is in the continental United States (ii) such Inventory is located at such location in the Ordinary Course of Business and (iii) such Inventory is located at such location for the purposes of providing services by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary to such customer or the sale of such Inventory to such customer 
 54 

(c) with respect to Inventory in the possession of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries salespersons, at any location in the continental United States where such salesperson is located in the Ordinary Course of Business 
 (d) any third-party manufacturing or third-party fabrication location in the continental United States, so long as such Inventory is located at such location in the Ordinary Course of Business 
 (e) any location of the type described in the foregoing clauses (a) (d) which is located outside of the continental United States so long as the aggregate value of Inventory located at locations under this clause (e) does not, at any time, exceed 5,000,000 
 (f) any other location in the continental United States so long as the aggregate value of Inventory located at locations under this clause (f) does not, at any time, exceed 2,500,000 and 
 (g) with respect to Inventory which is in-transit from any of the foregoing locations to any other of the foregoing locations. 
 Permitted Protest means the right of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to protest any Lien (other than any Lien that secures the Obligations), taxes (other than payroll taxes or taxes that are the subject of a United States federal tax lien), or rental payment provided , that (a) a reserve with respect to such obligation is established on such Loan Party s or its Subsidiaries books and records in such amount as is required under GAAP, (b) any such protest is instituted promptly and prosecuted diligently by such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, as applicable, in good faith, and (c) Agent is satisfied that, while any such protest is pending, there will be no impairment of the enforceability, validity, or priority of any of Agent s Liens. 
 Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, Indebtedness (other than the Obligations, but including Capitalized Lease Obligations), incurred after the Closing Date and at the time of, or within 60 days after, the acquisition of any fixed assets for the purpose of financing all or any part of the acquisition cost thereof, in an aggregate principal amount outstanding at any one time not in excess of 50,000,000. 
 Person means natural persons, corporations, limited liability companies, limited partnerships, general partnerships, limited liability partnerships, joint ventures, trusts, land trusts, business trusts, or other organizations, irrespective of whether they are legal entities, and governments and agencies and political subdivisions thereof. 
 Platform has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.9(c) of this Agreement. 
 Post-Increase Revolver Lenders has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14(d) of this Agreement. 
 Pre-Increase Revolver Lenders has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.14(d) of this Agreement. 
 55 

Pro Rata Share means, as of any date of determination 
 (u) with respect to a Lender s obligation to make all or a portion of the Revolving Loans, with respect to such Lender s right to receive payments of interest, fees, and principal with respect to such Revolving Loans, and with respect to all other computations and other matters related to the Revolver Commitments or the Revolving Loans, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender, by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders, 
 (v) with respect to a Lender s obligation to participate in Letters of Credit, with respect to such Lender s obligation to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank, and with respect to such Lender s right to receive payments of Letter of Credit Fees, and with respect to all other computations and other matters related to Letters of Credit, the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders provided , that if all of the Revolving Loans of such Lender have been repaid in full and all Revolver Commitments of such Lender have been terminated, but Letters of Credit remain outstanding, Pro Rata Share under this clause shall be the percentage obtained by dividing (A) the Letter of Credit Exposure of such Lender by (B) the Letter of Credit Exposure of all Lenders, and 
 (w) with respect to all other matters and for all other matters as to a particular Lender (including the indemnification obligations arising under Section 15.7 of this Agreement), the percentage obtained by dividing (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of such Lender by (ii) the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders, in any such case as the applicable percentage may be adjusted by assignments permitted pursuant to Section 13.1 provided , that if all of the Loans have been repaid in full and all Commitments have been terminated, Pro Rata Share under this clause shall be the percentage obtained by dividing (A) the aggregate Letter of Credit Exposure of such Lender by (B) the aggregate Letter of Credit Exposure of all Lenders. 
 Projections means OIS s and its Subsidiaries forecasted (a) balance sheets, (b) profit and loss statements, and (c) cash flow statements, all prepared on a basis consistent with OIS s and its Subsidiaries historical financial statements, together with appropriate supporting details and a statement of underlying assumptions. 
 Protective Advances has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(d)(i) of this Agreement. 
 PTE means a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Purchase Price means, with respect to any Acquisition, an amount equal to the aggregate consideration, whether cash, property or securities (including the fair market value of any Equity Interests of OIS issued in connection with such Acquisition and including the maximum amount of Earn-Outs), paid or delivered by a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in connection with such Acquisition (whether paid at the closing thereof or payable thereafter and whether fixed or contingent), but excluding therefrom (a) any cash of the seller and its Affiliates used to fund any portion of such consideration, and (b) any cash or Cash Equivalents acquired in connection with such Acquisition. 
 56 

QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.15 of this Agreement. 
 Qualified Equity Interests means and refers to any Equity Interests issued by OIS (and not by one or more of its Subsidiaries) that is not a Disqualified Equity Interest. 
 Real Property means any estates or interests in real property, real estate, land or buildings now owned or hereafter acquired by any Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries and the improvements thereto. 
 Receivables Reserves means, as of any date of determination, those reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion and subject to Section 2.1(d) , to establish and maintain (including Landlord Reserves for books and records locations and reserves for rebates, discounts, warranty claims, and returns) with respect to the Eligible Accounts, Eligible Billed Accounts, Eligible Unbilled Accounts, Eligible Progress Billings, or the Maximum Revolver Amount. 
 Record means information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or that is stored in an electronic or other medium and is retrievable in perceivable form. 
 Refinancing Indebtedness means refinancings, renewals, or extensions of Indebtedness so long as 
 (a) such refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in an increase in the principal amount of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed, or extended, other than by the amount of premiums paid thereon, accrued and unpaid interest thereon, and the fees and expenses (including any original issue discount or upfront fees) incurred in connection therewith and by the amount of unfunded commitments with respect thereto, 
 (b) such refinancings, renewals, or extensions do not result in a shortening of the final stated maturity or the average weighted maturity (measured as of the refinancing, renewal, or extension) of the Indebtedness so refinanced, renewed, or extended, nor are they on terms or conditions that, if more restrictive than the Indebtedness refinanced, taken as a whole, are or could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, 
 (c) if the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations, then the terms and conditions of the refinancing, renewal, or extension must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Lender Group as those that were applicable to the refinanced, renewed, or extended Indebtedness, 
 (d) the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended is not recourse to any Person that is liable on account of the Obligations other than those Persons which were obligated with respect to the Indebtedness that was refinanced, renewed, or extended, 
 57 

(e) if the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed or extended was unsecured, such refinancing, renewal or extension shall either be unsecured or secured on a junior priority basis and subject to a customary intercreditor agreement in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, and 
 (f) if the Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed, or extended was secured (i) such refinancing, renewal, or extension shall be secured by substantially the same or less collateral as secured such refinanced, renewed or extended Indebtedness on terms no less favorable to Agent or the Lender Group and (ii) the Liens securing such refinancing, renewal or extension shall not have a priority more senior than the Liens securing such Indebtedness that is refinanced, renewed or extended. 
 Register has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(h) of this Agreement. 
 Registered Loan has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1(h) of this Agreement. 
 Related Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course and that is administered, advised or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender, or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises or manages a Lender. 
 Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor thereto. 
 Remedial Action means all actions taken to (a) clean up, remove, remediate, contain, treat, monitor, assess, evaluate, or in any way address any release of Hazardous Materials in the indoor or outdoor environment, (b) prevent or minimize a release or threatened release of Hazardous Materials so they do not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger public health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, (c) restore or reclaim natural resources or the environment, (d) perform any pre-remedial studies, investigations, or post-remedial operation and maintenance activities, or (e) conduct any other similar actions with respect to Hazardous Materials required by Environmental Laws. 
 Replacement Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.13(b) of this Agreement. 
 Report has the meaning specified therefor in Section 15.16 of this Agreement. 
 Required Availability means that Availability minus the aggregate amount of all of the Loan Parties accounts payable which, as of the Closing Date, are more than 60 days past their original due date exceeds 29,000,000. 
 Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders having or holding more than 50 of the sum of the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Lenders provided , that (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Required Lenders, and (ii) at any time there are two or more Lenders (who are not Affiliates 
 58 

of one another or Defaulting Lenders), Required Lenders must include at least two Lenders (who are not Affiliates of one another). 
 Reserves means, as of any date of determination, Inventory Reserves, Receivables Reserves, Bank Product Reserves, and those other reserves that Agent deems necessary or appropriate, in its Permitted Discretion and subject to Section 2.1(d) , to establish and maintain (including reserves with respect to (a) sums that any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries are required to pay under any Section of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (such as taxes, assessments, insurance premiums, or, in the case of leased assets, rents or other amounts payable under such leases) and has failed to pay, and (b) amounts owing by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to any Person to the extent secured by a Lien on, or trust over, any of the Collateral (other than a Permitted Lien), which Lien or trust, in the Permitted Discretion of Agent likely would have a priority superior to the Agent s Liens (such as Liens or trusts in favor of landlords, warehousemen, carriers, mechanics, materialmen, laborers, or suppliers, or Liens or trusts for ad valorem, excise, sales, or other taxes where given priority under applicable law) in and to such item of the Collateral) with respect to the Borrowing Base. 
 Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president, vice president, chief financial officer, treasurer, assistant treasurer or other similar officer of a Loan Party. Any document delivered hereunder that is signed by a Responsible Officer of a Loan Party shall be conclusively presumed to have been authorized by all necessary corporate, partnership and or other action on the part of such Loan Party and such Responsible Officer shall be conclusively presumed to have acted on behalf of such Loan Party. 
 Restricted Payment means (a) any declaration or payment of any dividend or the making of any other payment or distribution, directly or indirectly, on account of Equity Interests issued by OIS or any of its Subsidiaries (including any such payment in connection with any merger or consolidation involving OIS) or to the direct or indirect holders of Equity Interests issued by OIS or any of its Subsidiaries in their capacity as such (other than dividends or distributions payable in Qualified Equity Interests issued by OIS or any of its Subsidiaries), or (b) any purchase, redemption, making of any sinking fund or similar payment, or other acquisition or retirement for value (including in connection with any merger, amalgamation or consolidation involving OIS) any Equity Interests issued by OIS or any of its Subsidiaries, or (c) any making of any payment to retire, or to obtain the surrender of, any outstanding warrants, options, or other rights to acquire Equity Interests of OIS now or hereafter outstanding. 
 Revaluation Date means, with respect to any Letter of Credit denominated in Pounds Sterling, Euros, or any other currency to the extent permitted hereunder, each of the following (a) each date of issuance of such Letter of Credit, (b) each date of an amendment of such Letter of Credit having the effect of increasing the amount thereof, (c) each date of any payment by the applicable Issuing Bank under such Letter of Credit, and (d) such additional dates as Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank shall determine or the Required Lenders shall require. 
 59 

Revolver Commitment means, with respect to each Revolving Lender, its Commitment, and, with respect to all Revolving Lenders, their Revolver Commitments, in each case as such Dollar amounts are set forth beside such Revolving Lender s name under the applicable heading on Schedule C-1 to the Agreement or in the Assignment and Acceptance pursuant to which such Revolving Lender became a Revolving Lender under the Agreement, as such amounts may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to assignments made in accordance with the provisions of Section 13.1 , increased in accordance with Section 2.14 , or reduced in accordance with Section 2.4(c) . 
 Revolver Usage means, as of any date of determination, the sum of (a) the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans (inclusive of Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances), plus (b) the amount of Letter of Credit Usage. 
 Revolving Lender means a Lender that has a Revolver Commitment or that has an outstanding Revolving Loan. 
 Revolving Loan Exposure means, with respect to any Revolving Lender, as of any date of determination (a) prior to the termination of the Revolver Commitments, the amount of such Lender s Revolver Commitment and (b) after the termination of the Revolver Commitments, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans of such Lender. 
 Revolving Loans has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.1(a) of the Agreement. 
 S&P has the meaning specified therefor in the definition of Cash Equivalents . 
 Sanctioned Entity means (a) a country or territory or a government of a country or territory, (b) an agency of the government of a country or territory, (c) an organization directly or indirectly controlled by a country or territory or its government, or (d) a Person resident in or determined to be resident in a country or territory, in each case of clauses (a) through (d) that is a target of Sanctions, including a target of any country sanctions program administered and enforced by OFAC. 
 Sanctioned Person means, at any time (a) any Person named on the list of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons maintained by OFAC, OFAC s consolidated Non-SDN list or any other Sanctions-related list maintained by any Governmental Authority, (b) a Person or legal entity that is a target of Sanctions, (c) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Entity, or (d) any Person directly or indirectly owned or controlled (individually or in the aggregate) by or acting on behalf of any such Person or Persons described in clauses (a) through (c) above. 
 Sanctions means individually and collectively, respectively, any and all economic sanctions, trade sanctions, financial sanctions, sectoral sanctions, secondary sanctions, trade embargoes anti-terrorism laws and other sanctions laws, regulations or embargoes, including those imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the United States of America, including those administered by OFAC, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. 
 60 

Department of Commerce, or through any existing or future executive order, (b) the United Nations Security Council, (c) the European Union or any European Union member state, (d) Her Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom, or (e) any other Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over any member of Lender Group or any Loan Party or any of their respective Subsidiaries or Affiliates. 
 SEC means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and any successor thereto. 
 Securities Account means a securities account (as that term is defined in the Code). 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. 
 Seller Note means that certain promissory note dated as of January 12, 2018 issued by GD Development Corporation, a Delaware corporation, in favor of GEODynamics B.V. in the original principal amount of 25,000,000. 
 Settlement has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(e)(i) of this Agreement. 
 Settlement Date has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(e)(i) of this Agreement. 
 SOFR with respect to any day means a rate equal to the secured overnight financing rate published for such day as administered by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the administrator of the benchmark, (or a successor administrator) on the Federal Reserve Bank of New York s Website SOFR Administrator. 
 SOFR Administrator means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Deadline has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(b)(i) of this Agreement. 
 SOFR Loan means each portion of a Revolving Loan that bears interest at a rate determined by reference to Adjusted Term SOFR (other than pursuant to clause (c) of the definition of Base Rate ). 
 SOFR Margin has the meaning set forth in the definition of Applicable Margin. 
 SOFR Notice means a written notice in the form of Exhibit L-1 to this Agreement. 
 SOFR Option has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.12(a) of this Agreement. 
 61 

Solvent means, with respect to any Person as of any date of determination, that (a) at fair valuations, the sum of such Person s debts (including contingent liabilities) is less than all of such Person s assets, (b) such Person is not engaged or about to engage in a business or transaction for which the remaining assets of such Person are unreasonably small in relation to the business or transaction or for which the property remaining with such Person is an unreasonably small capital, (c) such Person has not incurred and does not intend to incur, or reasonably believe that it will incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise), and (d) such Person is solvent or not insolvent or an insolvent person , as applicable within the meaning given those terms and similar terms under applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfers and conveyances or bankruptcy. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5). 
 Specified Account Debtor means each of Dynamic Energy Solutions, Halliburton Company, Baker Hughes Co, Schlumberger NV, General Dynamics, NOV Inc., TechnipFMC plc, any other Account Debtor with a corporate credit rating of BBB- or higher by S&P or Baa3 or higher by Moody s, any Subsidiary of any of the foregoing, or any other Account Debtor for which the Agent has provided its prior written approval. 
 Specified Account Debtor Country means any Supplemental Account Debtor Country, Norway, the Netherlands, Australia, Singapore, France, Germany, New Zealand, Malaysia, Mexico, the British Virgin Islands, Denmark, and Israel. 
 Specified Transaction means, any prepayment of Indebtedness, Permitted Acquisition, Permitted Investment, or Restricted Payment (or declaration of any prepayment or Restricted Payment). 
 Spot Rate means, for a currency, the rate determined by Agent to be the rate quoted by Agent acting in such capacity as the spot rate for the purchase by Agent of such currency with another currency through its principal foreign exchange trading office at approximately 11 00 a.m. (New York time) on the date two Business Days prior to the date as of which the foreign exchange computation is made provided , that Agent may obtain such spot rate from another financial institution designated by Agent if Agent acting in such capacity does not have as of the date of determination a spot buying rate for any such currency. 
 Standard Letter of Credit Practice means, for any Issuing Bank, any domestic or foreign law or letter of credit practices applicable in the city in which such Issuing Bank issued the applicable Letter of Credit or, for its branch or correspondent, such laws and practices applicable in the city in which it has advised, confirmed or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be, in each case, (a) which letter of credit practices are of banks that regularly issue letters of credit in the particular city, and (b) which laws or letter of credit practices are required or permitted under ISP or UCP, as chosen in the applicable Letter of Credit. 
 62 

Subsidiary of a Person means a corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity in which that Person directly or indirectly owns or controls the Equity Interests having ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the Board of Directors of such corporation, partnership, limited liability company, or other entity. Any unqualified reference to Subsidiary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall mean and refer to a direct or indirect subsidiary of OIS. 
 Supermajority Lenders means, at any time, Revolving Lenders having or holding more than 66 2 3 of the aggregate Revolving Loan Exposure of all Revolving Lenders provided , that (i) the Revolving Loan Exposure of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in the determination of the Supermajority Lenders, and (ii) at any time there are two or more Revolving Lenders (who are not Affiliates of one another), Supermajority Lenders must include at least two Revolving Lenders (who are not Affiliates of one another or Defaulting Lenders). 
 Supplemental Account Debtor Country means Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Oman, Russia, Qatar, and Kuwait. 
 Supplemental BBC Trigger means, as of any date of determination, any sales or dispositions by the Loan Parties outside of the Ordinary Course of Business during the period of time from the first day of the month in which such date of determination occurs until such date of determination, either individually or in the aggregate, involving 5,000,000 or more of assets included in the Borrowing Base (based on the fair market value of the assets so disposed). 
 Supplemental Borrowing Base Certificate means an updated Borrowing Base Certificate that reflects the removal of the applicable assets from the Borrowing Base. 
 Supported QFC has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.15 of this Agreement. 
 Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Loan Party, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act. 
 Swing Lender means Wells Fargo or any other Lender that, at the request of Borrowers and with the consent of Agent agrees, in such Lender s sole discretion, to become the Swing Lender under Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. 
 Swing Loan has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.3(b) of this Agreement. 
 Swing Loan Exposure means, as of any date of determination with respect to any Lender, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Swing Loans on such date. 
 Tax Indemnitee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 16.1 of this Agreement. 
 Tax Lender has the meaning specified therefor in Section 14.2(a) of this Agreement. 
 63 

Taxes means any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or other charges of whatever nature now or hereafter imposed by any jurisdiction or by any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein, and all interest, penalties or similar liabilities with respect thereto. 
 Term SOFR means, 
 (a) for any calculation with respect to a SOFR Loan, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period on the day (such day, the Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Periodic Term SOFR Determination Day, and 
 (b) for any calculation with respect to a Base Rate Loan on any day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for a tenor of one month on the day (such day, the Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day that is two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day, as such rate is published by the Term SOFR Administrator provided, however, that if as of 5 00 p.m. (New York City time) on any Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Reference Rate has not occurred, then Term SOFR will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor as published by the Term SOFR Administrator on the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate for such tenor was published by the Term SOFR Administrator so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Base Rate Term SOFR Determination Day. 
 Term SOFR Adjustment means a percentage equal to 0.10 per annum . 
 Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited (CBA) (or a successor administrator of the Term SOFR Reference Rate selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Term SOFR Reference Rate means the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body . 
 Trademark Security Agreement has the meaning specified therefor in the applicable Guaranty and Security Agreement. 
 64 

UCP means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, the Uniform Customs and Practice for Documentary Credits 2007 Revision, International Chamber of Commerce Publication No. 600 and any version or revision thereof accepted by any Issuing Bank for use. 
 UK Financial Institution means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended form time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
 Unfinanced Capital Expenditures means Capital Expenditures (a) not financed with the proceeds of any incurrence of Indebtedness (other than the incurrence of any Revolving Loans), the proceeds of any sale or issuance of Equity Interests or equity contributions, the proceeds of any asset sale (other than the sale of Inventory in the Ordinary Course of Business) or any insurance proceeds, and (b) that are not reimbursed by a third person (excluding any Loan Party or any of its Affiliates) in the period such expenditures are made pursuant to a written agreement. 
 In addition, notwithstanding the above, Unfinanced Capital Expenditures for each month ended as of each date set forth below shall be deemed to be the amount set forth below for such month 
 Month Unfinanced Capital Expenditures January 31, 2020 1,926000 February 29, 2020 2,090,000 March 31, 2020 1,845,000 April 30, 2020 1,056,000 May 31, 2020 224,000 June 30, 2020 1,527,000 July 31, 2020 377,000 August 31, 2020 450,000 
 65 

September 30, 2020 142,000 October 31, 2020 427,000 November 30, 2020 1,458,000 December 31, 2020 1,142,000 
 United States means the United States of America. 
 Unused Line Fee has the meaning specified therefor in Section 2.10(b) of this Agreement. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (a) a Saturday, (b) a Sunday or (c) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association, or any successor thereto, recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities provided, that for purposes of notice requirements in Sections 2.3(a), 2.3(c) and 2.12(b), in each case, such day is also a Business Day 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regimes has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.15 of this Agreement. 
 Voidable Transfer has the meaning specified therefor in Section 17.8 of this Agreement. 
 Wells Fargo means Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association. 
 Withdrawal Liability means liability with respect to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers means (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. 
 1.2. Accounting Terms . Subject to the third sentence of this Section 1.2 , all accounting terms not specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with GAAP 
 66 

provided , that if Administrative Borrower notifies Agent that Borrowers request an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any Accounting Change occurring after the Closing Date or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if Agent notifies Administrative Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such Accounting Change or in the application thereof, then Agent and Borrowers agree that they will negotiate in good faith amendments to the provisions of this Agreement that are directly affected by such Accounting Change with the intent of having the respective positions of the Lenders and Borrowers after such Accounting Change conform as nearly as possible to their respective positions immediately before such Accounting Change took effect and, until any such amendments have been agreed upon and agreed to by the Required Lenders, the provisions in this Agreement shall be calculated as if no such Accounting Change had occurred. When used herein, the term financial statements shall include the notes and schedules thereto. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, (a) all financial statements delivered hereunder shall be prepared, and all financial covenants contained herein shall be calculated, without giving effect to any election under the Statement of Financial Accounting Standards Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 825 (or any similar accounting principle) permitting a Person to value its financial liabilities or Indebtedness at the fair value thereof, and (b) the term unqualified opinion as used herein to refer to opinions or reports provided by accountants shall mean an opinion or report that is (i) unqualified, and (ii) does not include any explanation, supplemental comment, or other comment concerning the ability of the applicable Person to continue as a going concern or concerning the scope of the audit. 
 1.3. Code . Any terms used in this Agreement that are defined in the Code shall be construed and defined as set forth in the Code unless otherwise defined herein provided , that to the extent that the Code is used to define any term herein and such term is defined differently in different Articles of the Code, the definition of such term contained in Article 9 of the Code shall govern. 
 1.4. Construction . Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, references to the plural include the singular, references to the singular include the plural, the terms includes and including are not limiting, and the term or has, except where otherwise indicated, the inclusive meaning represented by the phrase and or. The words hereof, herein, hereby, hereunder, and similar terms in this Agreement or any other Loan Document refer to this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as the case may be, as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement or such other Loan Document, as the case may be. Section, subsection, clause, schedule, and exhibit references herein are to this Agreement unless otherwise specified. Any reference in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document to any agreement, instrument, or document shall include all alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements, thereto and thereof, as applicable (subject to any restrictions on such alterations, amendments, changes, extensions, modifications, renewals, replacements, substitutions, joinders, and supplements set forth herein). The words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all 
 67 

tangible and intangible assets and properties. Any reference herein or in any other Loan Document to the satisfaction, repayment, or payment in full of the Obligations shall mean (a) the payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of (i) the principal amount of, and interest accrued and unpaid with respect to, all outstanding Loans, together with the payment of any premium applicable to the repayment of the Loans, (ii) all Lender Group Expenses that have accrued and are unpaid regardless of whether demand has been made therefor, and (iii) all fees or charges that have accrued hereunder or under any other Loan Document (including the Letter of Credit Fees and the Unused Line Fee) and are unpaid, (b) in the case of contingent reimbursement obligations with respect to Letters of Credit, providing Letter of Credit Collateralization, (c) in the case of obligations with respect to Bank Products (other than Hedge Obligations), providing Bank Product Collateralization, (d) the receipt by Agent of cash collateral in order to secure any other contingent Obligations for which a claim or demand for payment has been made on or prior to such time or in respect of matters or circumstances known to Agent or a Lender at such time that are reasonably expected to result in any loss, cost, damage, or expense (including attorneys fees and legal expenses), such cash collateral to be in such amount as Agent reasonably determines is appropriate to secure such contingent Obligations, (e) the payment or repayment in full in immediately available funds of all other outstanding Obligations other than (i) unasserted contingent indemnification Obligations, (ii) any Bank Product Obligations (other than Hedge Obligations) that, at such time, are allowed by the applicable Bank Product Provider to remain outstanding without being required to be repaid or cash collateralized, and (iii) any Hedge Obligations, and (f) the termination of all of the Commitments of the Lenders. Any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns. In connection with any satisfaction, repayment, or payment in full of the Obligations, Agent may direct that any Letter of Credit Collateralization be paid to and maintained by each Issuing Bank, as applicable, on terms acceptable to Agent and such Issuing Bank. Any requirement of a writing contained herein or in any other Loan Document shall be satisfied by the transmission of a Record. 
 1.5. Time References . Unless the context of this Agreement or any other Loan Document clearly requires otherwise, all references to time of day refer to Central standard time or Central daylight saving time, as in effect in Dallas, Texas on such day. For purposes of the computation of a period of time from a specified date to a later specified date, unless otherwise expressly provided, the word from means from and including and the words to and until each means to and including provided , that with respect to a computation of fees or interest payable to Agent or any Lender, such period shall in any event consist of at least one full day. 
 1.6. Schedules and Exhibits . All of the schedules and exhibits attached to this Agreement shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference. 
 1.7. Divisions . For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws) (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes 
 68 

into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. 
 1.8. Rates . Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (a) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or with respect to any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any then-current Benchmark or any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement), as it may or may not be adjusted pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii), will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (b) the effect, implementation or composition of any Conforming Changes. Agent and its affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto and such transactions may be adverse to a Borrower. Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain the Term SOFR Reference Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Term SOFR, or any other Benchmark, any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to any Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 1.9. 1.8 Exchange Rates Currency Equivalents Applicable Currency . 
 (a) For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, references to amounts relating to Letters of Credit shall be deemed to refer to the Dollar Equivalent thereof, unless the context requires otherwise. 
 (b) For purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the Dollar Equivalent of any Letters of Credit and other references to amounts denominated in an Applicable Currency or a currency other than Dollars shall be determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Such Dollar Equivalent shall become effective as of the Revaluation Date for such Letters of Credit and shall be the Dollar Equivalent employed in converting any amounts between the applicable currencies until the next Revaluation Date to occur for such Letters of Credit. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, the applicable amount of any currency for purposes of the Loan Documents (including for purposes of financial statements and all calculations in connection with the covenants, including the financial covenants) shall be the Dollar Equivalent thereof. Without limiting the foregoing, for purposes of determining compliance with any incurrence or expenditure tests set forth in the Loan Documents (including 
 69 

Sections 5 , 6 and 7 of this Agreement), any amounts so incurred or expended (to the extent incurred or expended in a currency other than Dollars) shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as determined in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) as in effect on the date of such incurrence or expenditure (and to the extent the respective incurrence or expenditure test regulates the aggregate amount outstanding at any time and it is expressed in terms of Dollars, all outstanding amounts originally incurred or spent in currencies other than Dollars shall be converted into Dollars on the basis of the exchange rates (as determined in accordance with this Agreement) as in effect on the date of the most recent incurrence or expenditures made). 
 (c) All certificates, reports and notices delivered under this Agreement shall express any amounts, calculations or determinations in U.S. Dollars or the Dollar Equivalent. 
 (d) Wherever in this Agreement and the other Loan Documents in connection with the issuance, amendment or extension of a Letter of Credit, an amount, such as a required minimum or multiple amount, is expressed in Dollars, but such Letter of Credit is denominated in Sterling or Euro or other Applicable Currency, such amount shall be the relevant Dollar Equivalent of such Sterling, Euro or other Applicable Currency amount (rounded to the nearest 0.5 of a unit being rounded upward) in each case as reasonably determined by Agent. 
 2. LOANS AND TERMS OF PAYMENT . 
 2.1. Revolving Loans . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and during the term of this Agreement, each Revolving Lender agrees (severally, not jointly or jointly and severally) to make revolving loans in Dollars Revolving Loans to the Borrowers in an amount at any one time outstanding not to exceed, at such time, the lesser of 
 (i) such Lender s Revolver Commitment, and 
 (ii) such Lender s Pro Rata Share of an amount equal to the lesser of 
 (A) the amount equal to (1) the Maximum Revolver Amount, less (2) the sum of (y) the Letter of Credit Usage at such time, plus (z) the principal amount of Swing Loans outstanding at such time, and 
 (B) the amount equal to (1) the Borrowing Base as of such date (based upon the most recent Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by Borrowers to Agent, as adjusted for Reserves established by Agent in accordance with Section 2.1(d) ), less (2) the sum of (x) the Letter of Credit Usage at such time, plus (y) the principal amount of Swing Loans outstanding at such time. 
 (b) Reserved . 
 (c) Amounts borrowed pursuant to this Section 2.1 may be repaid and, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, reborrowed at any time during the term of this 
 70 

Agreement. The outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans, together with interest accrued and unpaid thereon, shall constitute Obligations and shall be due and payable on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which they otherwise become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. 
 (d) Anything to the contrary in this Section 2.1 notwithstanding, Agent shall have the right (but not the obligation) at any time, in the exercise of its Permitted Discretion, to establish and increase or decrease Reserves against the Borrowing Base or the Maximum Revolver Amount provided , that Agent shall notify Borrowers at least three Business Days prior to the date on which any such Reserve is to be established or increased or any change is made to the eligibility criteria set forth in the definitions of Eligible Billed Accounts, Eligible Unbilled Accounts, Eligible Progress Billings, and Eligible Inventory provided further , that (i) no such prior notice shall be required for changes to any Reserves or Availability resulting solely by virtue of mathematical calculations of the amount of the Reserve in accordance with the methodology of calculation set forth in this Agreement or previously utilized (ii) no such prior notice shall be required during the continuance of any Event of Default (iii) no such prior notice shall be required with respect to any Reserve established in respect of any Lien that has priority over Agent s Liens on the Collateral and (iv) no Loans shall be made or Letters of Credit issued during such three Business Day period unless no Overadvance is then in existence (after giving effect to the establishment of such Reserve or the change to such eligibility criteria). The amount of any Reserve established by Agent, and any changes to the eligibility criteria set forth in the definitions of Eligible Billed Accounts, Eligible Unbilled Accounts, Eligible Progress Billings and Eligible Inventory, shall have a reasonable relationship to the event, condition, other circumstance, or fact that is the basis for such Reserve or change in eligibility and shall not be duplicative of any other Reserve established and currently maintained or eligibility criteria. 
 2.2. Reserved . 
 2.3. Borrowing Procedures and Settlements . 
 (a) Procedure for Borrowing Revolving Loans . Each Borrowing shall be made by a written request by an Authorized Person delivered to Agent (which may be delivered through Agent s electronic platform or portal) and received by Agent no later than 1 00 p.m. (i) on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date in the case of a request for a Swing Loan, (ii) on the Business Day that is one Business Day prior to the requested Funding Date in the case of a request for a Base Rate Loan for a Borrowing, and (iii) on the U.S. Government Securities Business Day that is three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested Funding Date in the case of all other requests a request for a SOFR Loan , specifying (A) the amount of such Borrowing , and (B) the requested Funding Date (which shall be a Business Day) provided , that Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to accept as timely requests that are received later than 1 00 p.m. on the applicable Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day, as applicable . All Borrowing requests which are not made on-line via Agent s electronic platform or portal shall be subject to (and unless Agent elects otherwise in the exercise of its sole discretion, such Borrowings shall not be made until the completion of) 
 71 

Agent s authentication process (with results satisfactory to Agent) prior to the funding of any such requested Revolving Loan. 
 (b) Making of Swing Loans . In the case of a request for a Revolving Loan and so long as either (i) the aggregate amount of Swing Loans made since the last Settlement Date, minus all payments or other amounts applied to Swing Loans since the last Settlement Date, plus the amount of the requested Swing Loan does not exceed 12,500,000 or (ii) Swing Lender, in its sole discretion, agrees to make a Swing Loan notwithstanding the foregoing limitation, Swing Lender shall make a Revolving Loan (any such Revolving Loan made by Swing Lender pursuant to this Section 2.3(b) being referred to as a Swing Loan available to the Borrowers on the Funding Date applicable thereto by transferring immediately available funds in the amount of such requested Borrowing to the Designated Account. Each Swing Loan shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder and shall be subject to all the terms and conditions (including Section 3 applicable to other such Revolving Loans, except that all payments (including interest) on any Swing Loan shall be payable to the Swing Lender solely for its own account. Subject to the provisions of Section 2.3(d)(ii) , Swing Lender shall not make and Swing Lender shall not be obligated to make any Swing Loan if Swing Lender has actual knowledge that (i) one or more of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 will not be satisfied on the requested Funding Date for the applicable Borrowing or (ii) the requested Borrowing would exceed the Availability on such Funding Date. Swing Lender shall not otherwise be required to determine whether the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 have been satisfied on the Funding Date applicable thereto prior to making any Swing Loan. The Swing Loans shall be secured by Agent s Liens, constitute Revolving Loans and Obligations, and bear interest at the rate applicable from time to time to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans. 
 (c) Making of Revolving Loans . 
 (i) In the event that Swing Lender is not obligated to make a Swing Loan, then after receipt of a timely request for a Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.3(a)(i) , Agent shall notify the Lenders by telecopy, telephone, email, or other electronic form of transmission, of the requested Borrowing such notification to be sent on the Business Day or U.S. Government Securities Business Day , as applicable, that is (A) in the case of a Base Rate Loan, at least one Business Day prior to the requested Funding Date or (B) in the case of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, prior to 1 00 p.m. at least three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the requested Funding Date. If Agent has notified the Lenders of a requested Borrowing on the Business Day that is one Business Day prior to the Funding Date, then each Lender shall make the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the requested Borrowing available to Agent in immediately available funds, to Agent s Account, not later than 12 00 p.m. on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date. After Agent s receipt of the proceeds of such Revolving Loans from the Lenders, Agent shall make the proceeds thereof available to the Borrowers on the applicable Funding Date by transferring immediately available funds to such proceeds received by Agent to the Designated Account provided , that, subject to the provisions of 
 72 

Section 2.3(d)(ii) , no Lender shall have an obligation to make any Revolving Loan, if (1) one or more of the applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 will not be satisfied on the requested Funding Date for the applicable Borrowing unless such condition has been waived, or (2) the requested Borrowing would exceed Availability on such Funding Date. 
 (ii) Unless Agent receives notice from a Lender prior to 11 30 a.m. on the Business Day that is the requested Funding Date relative to a requested Borrowing as to which Agent has notified the Lenders of a requested Borrowing that such Lender will not make available as and when required hereunder to Agent for the account of the Borrowers, the amount of that Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Borrowing, Agent may assume that each Lender has made or will make such amount available to Agent in immediately available funds on the Funding Date and Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrowers a corresponding amount. If, on the requested Funding Date, any Lender shall not have remitted the full amount that it is required to make available to Agent in immediately available funds and if Agent has made available to the Borrowers such amount on the requested Funding Date, then such Lender shall make the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Borrowing available to Agent in immediately available funds, to Agent s Account, no later than 12 00 p.m. on the Business Day that is the first Business Day after the requested Funding Date (in which case, the interest accrued on such Lender s portion of such Borrowing for the Funding Date shall be for Agent s separate account). If any Lender shall not remit the full amount that it is required to make available to Agent in immediately available funds as and when required hereby and if Agent has made available to the Borrowers such amount, then that Lender shall be obligated to immediately remit such amount to Agent, together with interest at the applicable Defaulting Lender Rate for each day until the date on which such amount is so remitted. A notice submitted by Agent to any Lender with respect to amounts owing under this Section 2.3(c)(ii) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. If the amount that a Lender is required to remit is made available to Agent, then such payment to Agent shall constitute such Lender s Revolving Loan for all purposes of this Agreement. If such amount is not made available to Agent on the Business Day following the Funding Date, Agent will notify Administrative Borrower of such failure to fund and, upon demand by Agent, the Borrowers shall pay such amount to Agent in the Applicable Currency for Agent s account, together with interest thereon for each day elapsed since the date of such Borrowing, at a rate per annum equal to the interest rate applicable at the time to the applicable Revolving Loans composing such Borrowing. 
 (d) Protective Advances and Optional Overadvances . 
 (i) Any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document notwithstanding (but subject to Section 2.3(d)(iv) ), at any time (A) after the occurrence and during the continuance of a Default or an Event of Default, or (B) that any of the other applicable conditions precedent set forth in Section 3 are not satisfied, 
 73 

Agent hereby is authorized by Borrowers and the Lenders, from time to time, in Agent s sole discretion, to make Revolving Loans to, or for the benefit of, the Borrowers, in each case, on behalf of the Revolving Lenders, that Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, deems necessary or desirable (1) to preserve or protect the Collateral, or any portion thereof, or (2) to enhance the likelihood of repayment of the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations) (the Revolving Loans described in this Section 2.3(d)(i) shall be referred to as Protective Advances ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate amount of all Protective Advances outstanding at any one time shall not exceed 10 of the Maximum Revolver Amount. 
 (ii) Any contrary provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document notwithstanding, the Lenders hereby authorize Agent or the Swing Lender, as applicable, and either Agent or the Swing Lender, as applicable, may, but is not obligated to, knowingly and intentionally, continue to make Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans) to the Borrowers notwithstanding that an Overadvance exists or would be created thereby, so long as, with respect to any such Revolving Loans, (i) after giving effect to any such Revolving Loans, the outstanding Revolver Usage does not exceed the Borrowing Base by more than 10 of the Maximum Revolver Amount, and (ii) subject to Section 2.3(d)(iv) below, after giving effect to such Revolving Loans, the sum of the outstanding Revolver Usage (except for and excluding amounts charged to the Loan Account for interest, fees, or Lender Group Expenses) does not exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount. In the event Agent obtains actual knowledge that the Revolver Usage exceeds the amounts permitted by this Section 2.3(d) , regardless of the amount of, or reason for, such excess, Agent shall notify the Lenders as soon as practicable (and prior to making any (or any additional) intentional Overadvances (except for and excluding amounts charged to the applicable Loan Account for interest, fees, or Lender Group Expenses) unless Agent determines that prior notice would result in imminent harm to the Collateral or its value, in which case Agent may make such Overadvances and provide notice as promptly as practicable thereafter), and the Lenders with applicable Revolver Commitments thereupon shall, together with Agent, jointly determine the terms of arrangements that shall be implemented with the Borrowers intended to reduce, within a reasonable time, the outstanding principal amount of the applicable Revolving Loans to the Borrowers to an amount permitted by the preceding sentence. In such circumstances, if any Lender with a Revolver Commitment objects to the proposed terms of reduction or repayment of any Overadvance, the terms of reduction or repayment thereof shall be implemented according to the determination of the Required Lenders. The foregoing provisions are meant for the benefit of the Lenders and Agent and are not meant for the benefit of the Borrowers, which shall continue to be bound by the provisions of Section 2.4(e)(1) . 
 (iii) Each Protective Advance and each Overadvance (each, an Extraordinary Advance shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan hereunder. No Extraordinary Advance shall be eligible to be a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan. Prior to Settlement of any Extraordinary Advances, all payments with respect thereto, including 
 74 

interest thereon, shall be payable to Agent solely for its own account. Each Revolving Lender shall be obligated to settle with Agent as provided in Section 2.3(e) (or Section 2.3(g) , as applicable) for the amount of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Extraordinary Advance. The Extraordinary Advances shall be repayable on demand, secured by Agent s Liens, constitute Obligations hereunder, and bear interest at the rate applicable from time to time to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans. The provisions of this Section 2.3(d) are for the exclusive benefit of Agent, each Swing Lender, and the Lenders and are not intended to benefit the Borrowers (or any other Loan Party) in any way. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the contrary, no Extraordinary Advance may be made by Agent if such Extraordinary Advance would cause the aggregate Revolver Usage to exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount or any applicable Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolver Usage to exceed such applicable Lender s Revolver Commitments provided that Agent may make Extraordinary Advances in excess of the foregoing limitations so long as such Extraordinary Advances that cause the aggregate Revolver Usage to exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount or an applicable Lender s Pro Rata Share of the applicable Revolver Usage to exceed such applicable Lender s Revolver Commitments are for Agent s sole and separate account and not for the account of any Lender. No Lender shall have an obligation to settle with Agent for such Extraordinary Advances that cause the aggregate Revolver Usage to exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount or an applicable Lender s Pro Rata Share of the applicable Revolver Usage to exceed such applicable Lender s Revolver Commitments as provided in Section 2.3(e) (or Section 2.3(g) , as applicable). 
 (e) Settlement . It is agreed that each Lender s funded portion of the Revolving Loans is intended by the Lenders to equal, at all times, such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the outstanding Revolving Loans. Such agreement notwithstanding, Agent, each Swing Lender, and the other Lenders agree (which agreement shall not be for the benefit of Borrowers) that in order to facilitate the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, settlement among the Lenders as to the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) shall take place on a periodic basis in accordance with the following provisions 
 (i) Agent shall request settlement Settlement with the Lenders on a weekly basis, or on a more frequent basis if so determined by Agent in its sole discretion (1) on behalf of Swing Lender, with respect to the outstanding Swing Loans, (2) for itself, with respect to the outstanding Extraordinary Advances, and (3) with respect to any Loan Party s or any of their Subsidiaries payments or other amounts received, as to each by notifying the Lenders by telecopy, telephone, or other similar form of transmission, of such requested Settlement, no later than 4 00 p.m. on the Business Day immediately prior to the date of such requested Settlement (the date of such requested Settlement being the Settlement Date ). Such notice of a Settlement Date 
 75 

shall include a summary statement of the amount of outstanding Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) for the account of the Borrowers for the period since the prior Settlement Date. Subject to the terms and conditions contained herein (including Section 2.3(g) (y) if the amount of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) made by a Lender that is not a Defaulting Lender exceeds such Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, then Agent shall, by no later than 2 00 p.m. on the Settlement Date, transfer in immediately available funds to a Deposit Account of such Lender (as such Lender may designate), an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including, in each case, Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) and, (z) if the amount of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) made by a Lender is less than such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, such Lender shall no later than 2 00 p.m. on the Settlement Date transfer in immediately available funds to Agent s Account, an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon transfer of such amount, have as of the Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances). Such amounts made available to Agent under clause (z) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be applied against the amounts of the Swing Loans or Extraordinary Advances and, together with the portion of such Swing Loans or Extraordinary Advances representing the Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share thereof, shall constitute Revolving Loans of such Lenders. If any such amount is not made available to Agent by any Lender on the Settlement Date applicable thereto to the extent required by the terms hereof, Agent shall be entitled to recover for its account such amount on demand from such Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate. 
 (ii) In determining whether a Lender s balance of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) is less than, equal to, or greater than such Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) as of a Settlement Date, Agent shall, as part of the relevant Settlement, apply to such balance the portion of payments applicable to such Obligations actually received in good funds by Agent with respect to principal, interest, fees payable by Borrowers and allocable to the Lenders hereunder, and proceeds of Collateral. 
 (iii) Between Settlement Dates, Agent, to the extent Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans are outstanding, may pay over to Agent or Swing Lender, as applicable, any payments or other amounts received by Agent, that in accordance with the terms of this Agreement would be applied to the reduction of the Revolving Loans, for application to the Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans. Between Settlement Dates, Agent, to the extent no Extraordinary Advances or Swing Loans are outstanding, may pay over to Swing Lender any payments or other amounts received by Agent, that in accordance with the terms of this Agreement would be applied to the reduction of the Revolving Loans, for application to Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving 
 76 

Loans. If, as of any Settlement Date, payments or other amounts of the Loan Parties or their Subsidiaries received since the then immediately preceding Settlement Date have been applied to Swing Lender s Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans other than to Swing Loans, as provided for in the previous sentence, Swing Lender shall pay to Agent for the accounts of the Lenders, and Agent shall pay to the Lenders (other than a Defaulting Lender if Agent has implemented the provisions of Section 2.3(g) ), to be applied to the outstanding Revolving Loans of such Lenders, an amount such that each such Lender shall, upon receipt of such amount, have, as of such Settlement Date, its Pro Rata Share of the Revolving Loans. During the period between Settlement Dates, Swing Lender with respect to Swing Loans, Agent with respect to Extraordinary Advances, and each Lender with respect to the Revolving Loans other than Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances, shall be entitled to interest at the applicable rate or rates payable under this Agreement on the daily amount of funds employed by Swing Lender, Agent, or the Lenders, as applicable. 
 (iv) Anything in this Section 2.3(e) to the contrary notwithstanding, in the event that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Agent shall be entitled to refrain from remitting settlement amounts to the Defaulting Lender and, instead, shall be entitled to elect to implement the provisions set forth in Section 2.3(g) . 
 (f) Notation . Consistent with Section 13.1(h) , Agent, as a non-fiduciary agent for Borrowers, shall maintain a register showing the principal amount and stated interest of the Revolving Loans owing to each Lender, including the Swing Loans owing to the Swing Lender, and Extraordinary Advances owing to Agent, and the interests therein of each Lender, from time to time and such register shall, absent manifest error, conclusively be presumed to be correct and accurate. 
 (g) Defaulting Lenders . 
 (i) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 2.4(b)(ii) , Agent shall not be obligated to transfer to a Defaulting Lender any payments made by or on behalf of Borrowers to Agent for the Defaulting Lender s benefit or any proceeds of Collateral that would otherwise be remitted hereunder to the Defaulting Lender, and, in the absence of such transfer to the Defaulting Lender, Agent shall transfer any such payments (A) first , to Agent, to the extent of any Extraordinary Advances that were made by Agent and that were required to be, but were not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (B) second , to Swing Lender to the extent of any Swing Loans that were made by Swing Lender and that were required to be, but were not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (C) third , to the applicable Issuing Bank, to the extent of the portion of a Letter of Credit Disbursement that was required to be, but was not, paid by the Defaulting Lender, (D) fourth , to each Non-Defaulting Lender ratably in accordance with their Revolver Commitments (but, in each case, only to the extent that such Defaulting Lender s portion of a Revolving Loan (or other funding obligation) was funded by such other Non-Defaulting Lender), (E) fifth , in Agent s sole discretion, to a suspense account maintained by Agent, the proceeds of which shall be retained by Agent and may be made available to be re-advanced to or for 
 77 

the benefit of Borrowers (upon the request of Borrowers and subject to the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 as if such Defaulting Lender had made its portion of Revolving Loans (or other funding obligations) hereunder, (F) sixth , from and after the date on which all other Obligations have been paid in full, to such Defaulting Lender in accordance with tier (L) of Section 2.4(b)(iii) . Subject to the foregoing, Agent may hold and, in its discretion, re-lend to Borrowers for the account of such Defaulting Lender the amount of all such payments received and retained by Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender. Solely for the purposes of voting or consenting to matters with respect to the Loan Documents (including the calculation of Pro Rata Share in connection therewith) and for the purpose of calculating the fees payable under Section 2.10(b) , such Defaulting Lender shall be deemed not to be a Lender and such Lender s Commitment shall be deemed to be zero provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to any of the matters governed by Section 14.1(a)(i) through (iii) . The provisions of this Section 2.3(g) shall remain effective with respect to such Defaulting Lender until the earlier of (y) the date on which all of the Non-Defaulting Lenders, Agent, Issuing Banks, and Borrowers shall have waived, in writing, the application of this Section 2.3(g) to such Defaulting Lender, or (z) the date on which such Defaulting Lender makes payment of all amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder, pays to Agent all amounts owing by Defaulting Lender in respect of the amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder, and, if requested by Agent, provides adequate assurance of its ability to perform its future obligations hereunder (on which earlier date, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any remaining cash collateral held by Agent pursuant to Section 2.3(g)(ii) shall be released to Borrowers). The operation of this Section 2.3(g) shall not be construed to increase or otherwise affect the Commitment of any Lender, to relieve or excuse the performance by such Defaulting Lender or any other Lender of its duties and obligations hereunder, or to relieve or excuse the performance by any Borrower of its duties and obligations hereunder to Agent, Issuing Banks, or to the Lenders other than such Defaulting Lender. Any failure by a Defaulting Lender to fund amounts that it was obligated to fund hereunder shall constitute a material breach by such Defaulting Lender of this Agreement and shall entitle Borrowers, at their option, upon written notice to Agent, to arrange for a substitute Lender to assume the Commitment of such Defaulting Lender and the Commitment of any Affiliate of such Defaulting Lender, such substitute Lender to be reasonably acceptable to Agent. In connection with the arrangement of such a substitute Lender, the Defaulting Lenders shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder, and agree to execute and deliver a completed form of Assignment and Acceptance in favor of the substitute Lender (and agree that they shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such document if they fail to do so) subject only to being paid its share of the outstanding Obligations (other than Bank Product Obligations, but including (1) all interest, fees, and other amounts that may be due and payable in respect thereof, and (2) an assumption of its Pro Rata Share of its participation in the Letters of Credit) provided , that any such assumption of the Commitment of such Defaulting Lenders shall not be deemed to constitute a waiver of any of the Lender Groups or Borrowers rights or remedies against any such Defaulting Lender arising out of or in relation to such 
 78 

failure to fund. In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 2.3(g) and any other provision contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 2.3(g) shall control and govern. 
 (ii) If any Swing Loan or Letter of Credit is outstanding at the time that a Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then 
 (A) such Defaulting Lender s Swing Loan Exposure and Letter of Credit Exposure shall be reallocated among the Non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Pro Rata Shares but only to the extent (x) the sum of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Pro Rata Share of Revolver Usage plus such Defaulting Lender s Swing Loan Exposure and Letter of Credit Exposure does not exceed the amount by which the total of all Non-Defaulting Lenders Revolver Commitments exceed the Revolver Usage and (y) the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 are satisfied at such time 
 (B) if the reallocation described in clause (A) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrowers shall within one Business Day following notice by Agent (x) first, prepay such Defaulting Lender s applicable Swing Loan Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above), and (y) second, cash collateralize such Defaulting Lender s applicable Letter of Credit Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (A) above), pursuant to a cash collateral agreement to be entered into in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers, for so long as such Letter of Credit Exposure is outstanding provided , that Borrowers shall not be obligated to cash collateralize any Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure if such Defaulting Lender is also an Issuing Bank 
 (C) if the Borrowers cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii) , Borrowers shall not be required to pay any Letter of Credit Fees to Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.6(b) with respect to such cash collateralized portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure during the period such Letter of Credit Exposure is cash collateralized 
 (D) to the extent the Letter of Credit Exposure of the Non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii) , then the Letter of Credit Fees payable to the Non-Defaulting Lenders pursuant to Section 2.6(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such Non-Defaulting Lenders Letter of Credit Exposure 
 79 

(E) to the extent any Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure is neither cash collateralized nor reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii) , then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of any Issuing Bank or any Lender hereunder, all Letter of Credit Fees that would have otherwise been payable to such Defaulting Lender under Section 2.6(b) with respect to such portion of such Letter of Credit Exposure shall instead be payable to the applicable Issuing Bank until such portion of such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure is cash collateralized or reallocated 
 (F) so long as any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, Swing Lender shall not be required to make any Swing Loan and no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue, amend, or increase any Letter of Credit, in each case, to the extent (x) the Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Swing Loans or Letter of Credit cannot be reallocated pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii) or (y) the Swing Lender or applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, has not otherwise entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Swing Lender or applicable Issuing Bank, as applicable, and the Borrowers to eliminate Swing Lender s or such Issuing Bank s risk with respect to the Defaulting Lender s participation in Swing Loans or Letters of Credit and 
 (G) Agent may release any cash collateral provided by Borrowers pursuant to this Section 2.3(g)(ii) to the applicable Issuing Bank and such Issuing Bank may apply any such cash collateral to the payment of such Defaulting Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Letter of Credit Disbursement that is not reimbursed by the applicable Borrowers pursuant to Sections 2.11(d) . Subject to Section 17.14 , no reallocation hereunder shall constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder against a Defaulting Lender arising from that Lender having become a Defaulting Lender, including any claim of a Non-Defaulting Lender as a result of such Non-Defaulting Lender s increased exposure following such reallocation. 
 (iii) If any Lender with a Revolver Commitment is a Defaulting Lender, then any Affiliate of such Lender with a Revolver Commitment shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender, and if any Lender with any Revolver Commitment is a Defaulting Lender, then such Lender shall also be a Defaulting Lender with respect to all of such Lender s other Revolver Commitments. 
 (h) Independent Obligations . All Revolving Loans (other than Swing Loans and Extraordinary Advances) shall be made by the applicable Lenders contemporaneously and in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares. It is understood that (i) no Lender shall be responsible for any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligation to make any Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit) hereunder, nor shall any Commitment of any Lender be increased or decreased as a result of any failure by any other Lender to perform its obligations hereunder, and (ii) no failure by any Lender to perform its obligations hereunder shall excuse any other Lender from its obligations hereunder. 
 80 

2.4. Payments Reductions of Commitments Prepayments . 
 (a) Payments by Borrowers . 
 (i) Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all payments by the Borrowers shall be made to Agent s Account for the account of the Lender Group and shall be made in immediately available funds, no later than 3 30 p.m. on the date specified herein provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, any payments deposited into a Controlled Account shall be deemed not to be received by Agent on any Business Day unless immediately available funds have been credited to Agent s Account prior to 3 30 p.m. on such Business Day. Any payment received by Agent in immediately available funds in Agent s Account later than 3 30 p.m. shall be deemed to have been received (unless Agent, in its sole discretion, elects to credit it on the date received) on the following Business Day and any applicable interest or fee shall continue to accrue until such following Business Day. 
 (ii) Unless Agent receives notice from Administrative Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to any of the Lenders that Borrowers will not make such payment in full as and when required, Agent may assume that Borrowers have made (or will make) such payment in full to Agent on such date in immediately available funds and Agent may (but shall not be so required), in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to each Lender on such due date an amount equal to the amount then due such Lender. If and to the extent Borrowers do not make such payment in full to Agent on the date when due, each Lender severally shall repay to Agent on demand such amount distributed to such Lender, together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate for each day from the date such amount is distributed to such Lender until the date repaid. 
 (b) Apportionment and Application . 
 (i) So long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders, all principal and interest payments received by Agent shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders (according to the unpaid principal balance of the Obligations to which such payments relate held by each Lender) and all payments of fees and expenses received by Agent (other than fees or expenses that are for Agent s separate account or for the separate account of the applicable Issuing Bank) shall be apportioned ratably among the Lenders having a Pro Rata Share of the type of Commitment or Obligation to which a particular fee or expense relates. 
 (ii) Subject to Section 2.4(b)(v) , Section 2.4(d)(ii) , and Section 2.4(e) , all payments to be made hereunder by Borrowers shall be remitted to Agent and all such payments, and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent, shall be applied, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders, first , to reduce the balance of the Revolving 
 81 

Loans outstanding and, thereafter, Borrowers (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law. 
 (iii) At any time that an Application Event has occurred and is continuing and except as otherwise provided herein with respect to Defaulting Lenders, all payments remitted to Agent and all proceeds of Collateral received by Agent shall be applied as follows 
 (A) first , ratably, to pay any Lender Group Expenses (including cost or expense reimbursements) owing by the Loan Parties, indemnities then due to Agent under the Loan Documents constituting, or in respect of, the Obligations, and interest and principal on Extraordinary Advances that are held solely by Agent pursuant to the terms of Section 2.4(d)(iv) , until paid in full, 
 (B) second , to pay any fees or premiums then due to Agent under the Loan Documents, until paid in full, 
 (C) third , to pay interest due in respect of all Protective Advances, until paid in full, 
 (D) fourth , to pay the principal of all Protective Advances, until paid in full, 
 (E) fifth , ratably, to pay any Lender Group Expenses (including cost or expense reimbursements) owing by the Loan Parties and indemnities then due to any of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, until paid in full, 
 (F) sixth , ratably, to pay any fees or premiums then due to any of the Lenders under the Loan Documents, until paid in full, 
 (G) seventh , to pay interest accrued in respect of the Swing Loans, until paid in full, 
 (H) eighth , to pay the principal of all Swing Loans, until paid in full, 
 (I) ninth , ratably, to pay interest accrued in respect of the Revolving Loans (other than Protective Advances and Swing Loans), until paid in full, 
 (J) tenth , ratably 
 i. to pay the principal of all Revolving Loans (other than Protective Advances and Swing Loans), until paid in full, 
 ii. to Agent, to be held by Agent, for the benefit of each Issuing Bank (and for the ratable benefit of each of the Lenders that have an obligation to pay to Agent, for the account of each Issuing Bank, a share of each 
 82 

Letter of Credit Disbursement), as cash collateral in an amount up to 105 of the Letter of Credit Usage denominated in Dollars and 110 of the Letter of Credit Usage denominated in any other currency (to the extent permitted by applicable law, such cash collateral shall be applied to the reimbursement of any Letter of Credit Disbursement as and when such disbursement occurs and, if a Letter of Credit expires undrawn, the cash collateral held by Agent in respect of such Letter of Credit shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law, be reapplied pursuant to this Section 2.4(b)(iii) , beginning with tier (A) hereof), and 
 iii. up to the lesser of (y) the amount (after taking into account any amounts previously paid pursuant to this clause iii. during the continuation of the applicable Application Event) of the most recently established Bank Product Reserve with respect to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, which amount was established prior to the occurrence of, and not in contemplation of, the subject Application Event, and (z) 50,000,000 (after taking into account any amounts previously paid pursuant to this clause iii. during the continuation of the applicable Application Event), to (I) the Bank Product Providers based upon amounts then certified by each applicable Bank Product Provider to Agent (in form and substance satisfactory to Agent) to be due and payable to such Bank Product Provider on account of Bank Product Obligations (but not in excess of the Bank Product Reserve established for the Bank Product Obligations of such Bank Product Provider), and (II) with any balance to be paid to Agent, to be held by Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Bank Product Providers, as cash collateral (which cash collateral may be released by Agent to the applicable Bank Product Provider and applied by such Bank Product Provider to the payment or reimbursement of any amounts due and payable with respect to Bank Product Obligations owed to the applicable Bank Product Provider as and when such amounts first become due and payable) and, if and at such time as all such Bank Product Obligations are paid or otherwise satisfied in full, the cash collateral held by Agent in respect of such Bank Product Obligations shall be reapplied pursuant to this Section 2.4(b)(iii) , beginning with tier (A) hereof, 
 (K) eleventh , to pay any other Obligations other than Obligations owed to Defaulting Lenders (including being paid, ratably, to the Bank Product Providers on account of all amounts then due and payable in respect of Bank Product Obligations), with any balance to be paid to Agent, to be held by Agent, for the ratable benefit of the Bank Product Providers, as cash collateral (which cash collateral may be released by Agent to the applicable Bank Product Provider and applied by such Bank Product Provider to the payment or reimbursement of any amounts due and payable with respect to Bank Product Obligations owed to the applicable Bank Product Provider as and when such amounts first become due and payable and, if and at such time as all such Bank Product Obligations are paid or otherwise satisfied in full, the cash collateral held 
 83 

by Agent in respect of such Bank Product Obligations shall be reapplied pursuant to this Section 2.4(b)(iii) , beginning with tier (A) hereof), 
 (L) twelfth , ratably to pay any Obligations owed to Defaulting Lenders, 
 (M) thirteenth , to the Borrowers (to be wired to the Designated Account) or such other Person entitled thereto under applicable law. 
 (iv) Agent promptly shall distribute to each Lender, pursuant to the applicable wire instructions received from each Lender in writing, such funds as it may be entitled to receive, subject to a Settlement delay as provided in Section 2.3(e) . 
 (v) In each instance, so long as no Application Event has occurred and is continuing, Section 2.4(b)(ii) shall not apply to any payment made by Borrowers to Agent and specified by Borrowers to be for the payment of specific Obligations then due and payable (or prepayable) under any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 
 (vi) For purposes of Section 2.4(b)(iii) , paid in full of a type of Obligation means payment in cash or immediately available funds of all amounts owing on account of such type of Obligation, including interest accrued after the commencement of any Insolvency Proceeding, default interest, interest on interest, and expense reimbursements, irrespective of whether any of the foregoing would be or is allowed or disallowed in whole or in part in any Insolvency Proceeding. 
 (vii) In the event of a direct conflict between the priority provisions of this Section 2.4 and any other provision contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, if the conflict relates to the provisions of Section 2.3(g) and this Section 2.4 , then the provisions of Section 2.3(g) shall control and govern, and if otherwise, then the terms and provisions of this Section 2.4 shall control and govern. 
 (c) Reduction of Revolver Commitments . The Revolver Commitments shall terminate on the Maturity Date or earlier termination thereof pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Borrowers may reduce the Revolver Commitments, without premium or penalty, to an amount (which may be zero) not less than the sum of (A) the Revolver Usage as of such date, plus (B) the principal amount of all Revolving Loans not yet made as to which a request has been given by Borrowers under Section 2.3(a) which has not been permitted by Agent to be revoked by the Borrowers, plus (C) the amount of all Letters of Credit not yet issued as to which a request has been given by Borrowers pursuant to Section 2.11(a) . Each such reduction shall be in an amount which is not less than 10,000,000 (unless the Revolver Commitments are being reduced to zero and the amount of the Revolver Commitments in effect immediately prior to such reduction are less than 10,000,000), shall be made by providing not less than ten Business Days 
 84 

prior written notice to Agent, and shall be irrevocable. The Revolver Commitments, once reduced, may not be increased. Each such reduction of the Revolver Commitments shall reduce the Revolver Commitments of each Lender proportionately in accordance with its ratable share thereof. In connection with any reduction in the Revolver Commitments prior to the Maturity Date, if any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent an updated Form U-1 (with sufficient additional originals thereof for each Lender), duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, together with such other documentation as Agent shall reasonably request, in order to enable Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. 
 (d) Optional Prepayments of Revolving Loans . The Borrowers may prepay the principal of any Revolving Loan at any time in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. 
 (e) Mandatory Prepayments of Revolving Loans . 
 (i) Borrowing Base . If, at any time, (A) the Revolver Usage on such date exceeds (B) the lesser of (x) the Borrowing Base reflected in the Borrowing Base Certificate most recently delivered by Borrowers to Agent and (y) the Maximum Revolver Amount, in all cases as adjusted for Reserves established by Agent in accordance with Section 2.1(d) , then the Borrowers shall promptly (but in any event, within one Business Day) prepay the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f) in an aggregate amount equal to the amount of such excess. 
 (ii) Cash Balances . If, at any time Loans are outstanding, either (A) Revolver Usage is less than 25,000,000 and the Consolidated Cash Balance exceeds 30,000,000, or (B) Revolver Usage is greater than or equal to than 25,000,000 and the Consolidated Cash Balance exceeds 15,000,000, then, in each case, the Borrowers shall, on the next Business Day thereafter, prepay the Loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to such excess. 
 (iii) Dispositions . Within one Business Day after the date of receipt by any Loan Party or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries of the Net Cash Proceeds of any voluntary or involuntary sale or disposition of Real Property of any Loan Party or any of its Domestic Subsidiaries (including Net Cash Proceeds of insurance or arising from casualty losses or condemnations and payments in lieu thereof) during a Cash Dominion Period, Borrowers shall prepay the outstanding principal amount of the Obligations in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) in an amount equal to 100 of such Net Cash Proceeds received by such Person in connection with such sales or dispositions provided , that so long as (A) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, (B) Borrowers shall have given Agent prior written notice of Borrowers intention to apply such monies to the costs of replacement of the properties or assets that are the subject of such sale or disposition, (C) the monies are held in a Deposit Account in which Agent has a perfected first-priority security interest, and (D) such Loan Party or its Domestic Subsidiary, as applicable, completes such replacement, purchase, or construction within 180 days after the initial receipt of such monies, then the Loan Party 
 85 

or such Loan Party s Domestic Subsidiary whose assets were the subject of such disposition shall have the option to apply such monies to the costs of replacement of the assets that are the subject of such sale or disposition unless and to the extent that such applicable period shall have expired without such replacement, purchase, or construction being made or completed, in which case, any amounts remaining in the Deposit Account referred to in clause (C) above shall be paid to Agent and applied in accordance with Section 2.4(f)(ii) provided , that no Loan Party nor any of its Domestic Subsidiaries shall have the right to use such Net Cash Proceeds to make such replacements, purchases, or construction in excess of 5,000,000 in any given fiscal year. Nothing contained in this Section 2.4(e)(iii) shall permit any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to sell or otherwise dispose of any assets other than in accordance with Section 6.4. 
 (f) Application of Payments . Each prepayment pursuant to Sections 2.4(e)(i) , (e)(ii) , or 2.4(e)(iii) shall, (1) so long as no Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied, first , to the outstanding principal amount of the Revolving Loans until paid in full, and second , to cash collateralize the Letters of Credit, in an amount equal to 105 for Letters of Credit denominated in Dollars and 110 for Letters of Credit denominated in any other currency, of the then outstanding Letter of Credit Usage and (2) if an Application Event shall have occurred and be continuing, be applied in the manner set forth in Section 2.4(b)(iii) . 
 2.5. Promise to Pay Promissory Notes . 
 (a) Borrowers agree to pay the Lender Group Expenses on the earlier of (i) the first day of the month following the date on which the applicable Lender Group Expenses were first incurred or (ii) the date on which demand therefor is made by Agent (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such costs, expenses or Lender Group Expenses to the Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.6(d) shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this subclause (ii)) provided , however , that Agent shall endeavor to provide advance notice (and an invoice) for all Lender Group Expenses in respect of or constituting costs incurred in connection with field examinations, appraisals, and legal fees and costs, but the Agent s failure to provide such notice (or invoice) shall not limit Agent s rights under this Section 2.5(a)) . Borrowers promise to pay all of the Obligations (including principal, interest, premiums, if any, fees, costs, and expenses (including Lender Group Expenses)) in full on the Maturity Date or, if earlier, on the date on which the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations) become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Borrowers agree that their obligations contained in the first sentence of this Section 2.5(a) shall survive payment or satisfaction in full of all other Obligations. 
 (b) Any Lender may request that any portion of its Commitments or the Loans made by it be evidenced by one or more promissory notes. In such event, the Borrowers shall execute and deliver to such Lender the requested promissory notes payable to the order of such Lender in a form furnished by Agent and reasonably satisfactory to Administrative Borrower. Thereafter, the portion of the Commitments and Loans evidenced by such promissory notes and interest thereon shall at all times be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form payable to the order of the payee named therein. 
 86 

2.6. Interest Rates and Letter of Credit Fee Rates, Payments, and Calculations . 
 (a) Interest Rates . Except as provided in Section 2.6(c) and Section 2.12(d) , all Obligations (except for undrawn Letters of Credit) that have been charged to the Loan Account pursuant to the terms hereof shall bear interest as follows 
 (i) if the relevant Obligation is a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, at a per annum rate equal to the LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR plus the LIBOR Rate SOFR Margin, and 
 (ii) otherwise, at a per annum rate equal to the Base Rate plus the Base Rate Margin. 
 (b) Letter of Credit Fee . Borrowers shall pay Agent (for the ratable benefit of the Revolving Lenders), a Letter of Credit fee (the Letter of Credit Fee (which fee shall be in addition to the fronting fees and commissions, other fees, charges and expenses set forth in Section 2.11(k) that shall accrue at a per annum rate equal to the LIBOR Rate SOFR Margin, in each case times the average amount of the Letter of Credit Usage during the immediately preceding month. 
 (c) Default Rate . (i) Automatically upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default under Section 8.4 or 8.5 and (ii) upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any other Event of Default (other than an Event of Default under Section 8.4 or 8.5 ), at the direction of Agent or the Required Lenders, and upon written notice by Agent to Borrowers of such direction provided , that such notice shall not be required for any Event of Default under Section 8.1 ), (A) all Loans and all Obligations (except for undrawn Letters of Credit) that have been charged to the Loan Account pursuant to the terms hereof shall bear interest at a per annum rate equal to two percentage points above the per annum rate otherwise applicable thereunder and (B) the Letter of Credit Fee shall be increased to two percentage points above the per annum rate otherwise applicable hereunder. 
 (d) Payment . Except to the extent provided to the contrary in Section 2.10 , Section 2.11(k) or Section 2.12(a) , (i) all interest and all other fees payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents (other than Letter of Credit Fees) shall be due and payable, in arrears, on the first day of each month, (ii) all Letter of Credit Fees payable hereunder, and all fronting fees and all commissions, other fees, charges and expenses provided for in Section 2.11(k) shall be due and payable, in arrears, on the first Business Day of each month, and (iii) all costs and expenses payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, and all other Lender Group Expenses shall be due and payable on (x) with respect to Lender Group Expenses outstanding as of the Closing Date, the Closing Date, and (y) otherwise, the earlier of (A) the first day of the month following the date on which the applicable costs, expenses, or Lender Group Expenses were first incurred, or (B) the date on which demand therefor is made by Agent (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such costs, expenses or Lender Group Expenses to the Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of the following sentence shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this subclause (y)). The 
 87 

Borrowers hereby authorize Agent, from time to time without prior notice to Borrowers, to charge to the Loan Account (A) on the first day of each month, all interest accrued during the prior month on the Revolving Loans hereunder, (B) on the first Business Day of each month, all Letter of Credit Fees accrued or chargeable hereunder during the prior month, (C) as and when incurred or accrued, all fees and costs provided for in Section 2.10(a) or (c) , (D) on the first day of each month, the Unused Line Fee accrued during the prior month pursuant to Section 2.10(b) , (E) as and when due and payable, all other fees payable hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, (F) on the Closing Date and thereafter as and when incurred or accrued, all other Lender Group Expenses provided , however , that Agent shall endeavor to provide advance notice (and an invoice) for all Lender Group Expenses in respect of or constituting costs incurred in connection with field examinations, appraisals, and legal fees and costs, but the Agent s failure to provide such notice (or invoice) shall not limit Agent s rights under this Section 2.6(d) ), and (G) as and when due and payable all other payment obligations payable under any Loan Document or any Bank Product Agreement (including any amounts due and payable to the Bank Product Providers in respect of Bank Products). All amounts (including interest, fees, costs, expenses, Lender Group Expenses, or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document or under any Bank Product Agreement) charged to the Loan Account shall thereupon constitute Revolving Loans hereunder, shall constitute Obligations hereunder, and shall initially accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans (unless and until converted into LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement). 
 (e) Computation . All interest and fees chargeable under the Loan Documents shall be computed on the basis of a 360 day year, in each case, for the actual number of days elapsed in the period during which the interest or fees accrue. In the event the Base Rate is changed from time to time hereafter, the rates of interest hereunder based upon the Base Rate automatically and immediately shall be increased or decreased by an amount equal to such change in the Base Rate. 
 (f) Intent to Limit Charges to Maximum Lawful Rate . In no event shall the interest rate or rates payable under this Agreement, plus any other amounts paid in connection herewith, exceed the highest rate permissible under any law that a court of competent jurisdiction shall, in a final determination, deem applicable. Borrowers and the Lender Group, in executing and delivering this Agreement, intend legally to agree upon the rate or rates of interest and manner of payment stated within it provided , that anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, if such rate or rates of interest or manner of payment exceeds the maximum allowable under applicable law, then, ipso facto , as of the date of this Agreement, Borrowers are and shall be liable only for the payment of such maximum amount as is allowed by law, and payment received from Borrowers in excess of such legal maximum, whenever received, shall be applied to reduce the principal balance of the Obligations to the extent of such excess. 
 (g) Term SOFR Conforming Changes . In connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR, Agent will have the right (in consultation with the Administrative Borrower) to make Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the 
 88 

contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. Agent will promptly notify Administrative Borrower and the Lenders of the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR. 
 2.7. Crediting Payments . The receipt of any payment item by Agent shall not be required to be considered a payment on account unless such payment item is a wire transfer of immediately available funds made to Agent s Account or unless and until such payment item is honored when presented for payment. Should any payment item not be honored when presented for payment, then Borrowers shall be deemed not to have made such payment. Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, any payment item shall be deemed received by Agent only if it is received into Agent s Account on a Business Day on or before 3 30 p.m. If any payment item is received into Agent s Account on a non-Business Day or after 3 30 p.m. on a Business Day (unless Agent, in its sole discretion, elects to credit it on the date received), it shall be deemed to have been received by Agent as of the opening of business on the immediately following Business Day. 
 2.8. Designated Account . Agent is authorized to make the Revolving Loans and each Issuing Bank is authorized to issue Letters of Credit, under this Agreement based upon telephonic or other instructions received from anyone purporting to be an Authorized Person or, without instructions, if pursuant to Section 2.6(d) . The Borrowers agree to establish and maintain the Designated Account. The Designated Account shall be for the purpose of receiving the proceeds of the Revolving Loans requested by the Borrowers. Unless otherwise agreed by Agent and Borrowers, any Revolving Loan requested by Borrowers and made by Agent or the Lenders hereunder shall be made to the Designated Account. 
 2.9. Maintenance of Loan Account Statements of Obligations . Agent shall maintain an account on its books in the name of Borrowers (the Loan Account on which Borrowers will be charged with all Revolver Usage and with all other payment Obligations hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, including, accrued interest, fees and expenses, and Lender Group Expenses. In accordance with Section 2.7 , the Loan Account will be credited with all payments received by Agent from Borrowers or for the Borrowers account. Agent shall make available to Borrowers monthly statements regarding the Loan Account, including the principal amount of the Revolving Loans, interest accrued hereunder, fees accrued or charged hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and a summary itemization of all charges and expenses constituting Lender Group Expenses accrued hereunder or under the other Loan Documents, and each such statement, absent manifest error, shall be conclusively presumed to be correct and accurate and constitute an account stated between Borrowers and the Lender Group unless, within 30 days after Agent first makes such a statement available to Borrowers, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent written objection thereto describing the error or errors contained in such statement. 
 89 

2.10. Fees . 
 (a) Agent Fees . Borrowers shall pay to Agent, as and when due and payable under the terms of the Fee Letter, the fees set forth in the Fee Letter. 
 (b) Unused Line Fee . Borrowers shall pay to Agent, for the ratable account of the Revolving Lenders, an unused line fee (the Unused Line Fee in an amount equal to the Applicable Unused Line Fee Percentage per annum times the result of (i) the aggregate amount of the Revolver Commitments, less (ii) the Average Revolver Usage during the immediately preceding month (or portion thereof), which Unused Line Fee shall be due and payable, in arrears, on the first day of each month from and after the Closing Date up to the first day of the month prior to the date on which the Obligations are paid in full and on the date on which the Obligations are paid in full. 
 (c) Field Examination and Other Fees . Subject to any limitations set forth in Section 5.7(c) , Borrowers shall pay to Agent, field examination, appraisal, and valuation fees and charges, as and when incurred or chargeable, as follows (i) a fee of 1,000 per day, per examiner, plus out-of-pocket expenses (including travel, meals, and lodging) for each field examination of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries performed by or on behalf of Agent, and (ii) the fees, charges or expenses paid or incurred by Agent if it elects to employ the services of one or more third Persons to appraise the Collateral, or any portion thereof. 
 2.11. Letters of Credit . 
 (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, upon the request of Borrowers made in accordance herewith, and prior to the Maturity Date, an Issuing Bank agrees to issue a requested standby Letter of Credit or a sight commercial Letter of Credit for the account of Borrowers. By submitting a request to an Issuing Bank for the issuance of a Letter of Credit for its account, Borrowers shall be deemed to have requested that such Issuing Bank issue the requested Letter of Credit for the account of Borrowers. Each request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or the amendment or extension of any outstanding Letter of Credit, shall be (i) irrevocable and made in writing by an Authorized Person, (ii) delivered to the Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank via telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission reasonably acceptable to Agent and such Issuing Bank and reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment or extension, and (iii) subject to the applicable Issuing Bank s authentication procedures with results satisfactory to such Issuing Bank. Each such request shall be in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank and (i) shall specify (A) the amount and Applicable Currency of such Letter of Credit, (B) the date of issuance, amendment or extension of such Letter of Credit, (C) the proposed expiration date of such Letter of Credit, (D) the name and address of the beneficiary of the Letter of Credit, and (E) such other information (including, the conditions to drawing, and, in the case of an amendment or extension, identification of the Letter of Credit to be so amended or extended) as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew, or extend such Letter of Credit, and (ii) shall be accompanied by such Issuer Documents as Agent or the applicable Issuing Bank may request or require, to the extent that such requests or requirements are consistent with the Issuer Documents 
 90 

that such Issuing Bank generally requests for Letters of Credit in similar circumstances. The applicable Issuing Bank s records of the content of any such request will be conclusive. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, Wells Fargo, in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, may, but shall not be obligated to, issue a Letter of Credit that supports the obligations of a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of (x) a lease of real property, or (y) an employment contract. 
 (b) No Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue a Letter of Credit if, at such time, any of the following would result after giving effect to the requested issuance 
 (i) Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the Letter of Credit Sublimit, or 
 (ii) the aggregate Letter of Credit Usage attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank would exceed its Individual Letter of Credit Sublimit, or 
 (iii) Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the Maximum Revolver Amount less the outstanding amount of Revolving Loans (including Swing Loans), or 
 (iv) Letter of Credit Usage would exceed the Borrowing Base at such time less the outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Loans (inclusive of Swing Loans) at such time. 
 (c) In the event there is a Defaulting Lender as of the date of any request for the issuance of a Letter of Credit, no Issuing Bank shall be required to issue or arrange for a Letter of Credit to the extent (i) the Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure with respect to such Letter of Credit may not be reallocated pursuant to Section 2.3(g)(ii) , or (ii) the applicable Issuing Bank has not otherwise entered into arrangements reasonably satisfactory to it and Borrowers to eliminate such Issuing Bank s risk with respect to the participation in such Letter of Credit of the Defaulting Lender, which arrangements may include Borrowers cash collateralizing such Defaulting Lender s Letter of Credit Exposure in accordance with Section 2.3(g)(ii) . Additionally, no Issuing Bank shall have any obligation to issue or extend a Letter of Credit if (A) any order, judgment, or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall, by its terms, purport to enjoin or restrain such Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any law applicable to such Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over such Issuing Bank shall prohibit or request that such Issuing Bank refrain from the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular, (B) the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of such Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally, or (C) if amounts drawn under such Letter of Credit will or may not be in the Applicable Currency in which such Letter of Credit is to be denominated. 
 (d) Any Issuing Bank (other than Wells Fargo or any of its Affiliates) shall notify Agent in writing no later than the Business Day prior to the Business Day on which such Issuing Bank issues any Letter of Credit. In addition, each Issuing Bank (other than Wells Fargo 
 91 

or any of its Affiliates) shall, on the first Business Day of each week, submit to Agent a report detailing the daily undrawn amount during the prior calendar week of each Letter of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. Borrowers and the Lender Group hereby acknowledge and agree that all Existing Letters of Credit shall constitute Letters of Credit under this Agreement on and after the Closing Date with the same effect as if such Existing Letters of Credit were issued by the applicable Issuing Bank at the request of Borrowers on the Closing Date. Each Letter of Credit shall be in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the applicable Issuing Bank, including the requirement that the amounts payable thereunder must be payable in an Applicable Currency. If the applicable Issuing Bank makes a payment under a Letter of Credit, Borrowers shall pay to Agent an amount equal to the applicable Letter of Credit Disbursement (which payment shall be made in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such Letter of Credit Disbursement) on the Business Day such Letter of Credit Disbursement is made and, in the absence of such payment, the amount of such Letter of Credit Disbursement immediately and automatically shall be deemed to be a Revolving Loan (made in an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of the amount of such Letter of Credit Disbursement), notwithstanding any failure to satisfy any condition precedent set forth in Section 3 , and, initially, shall bear interest at the rate then applicable to such Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans. If a Letter of Credit Disbursement is deemed to be a Revolving Loan as provided above, Borrowers obligation to pay the amount of such Letter of Credit Disbursement to the applicable Issuing Bank shall be automatically converted into an obligation to pay the resulting Revolving Loan. Promptly following receipt by Agent of any payment from Borrowers pursuant to this paragraph, Agent shall distribute such payment to the applicable Issuing Bank or, to the extent that any Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to Section 2.11 to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank, then to such Revolving Lenders and the applicable Issuing Bank as their interests may appear. 
 (e) Promptly following receipt of a notice of a Letter of Credit Disbursement pursuant to Section 2.11 , each Revolving Lender agrees to fund its Pro Rata Share of any Revolving Loan deemed made pursuant to Section 2.11 in respect of such Letter of Credit Disbursement (which shall be made in Dollars at the Dollar Equivalent of its Pro Rata Share) on the same terms and conditions as if Borrowers had requested the amount thereof as a Revolving Loan, and Agent shall promptly pay to the applicable Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment, renewal, or extension of a Letter of Credit) and without any further action on the part of the applicable Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the applicable Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have granted to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender shall be deemed to have purchased, a participation in such Letter of Credit, in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of such Letter of Credit, and each such Revolving Lender agrees to pay to Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of any Letter of Credit Disbursement made under such Letter of Credit (which payment shall be made in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of such Lender s Pro Rata Share). In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, in the event Borrowers do not reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for a Letter of Credit Disbursement on the date due as provided in this Section 2.11 , each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to Agent, for the account of the applicable 
 92 

Issuing Bank, such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Letter of Credit Disbursement made by such Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrowers on the date due as provided in Section 2.11(d) (which payment shall be in Dollars in the Dollar Equivalent of such Lender s Pro Rata Share), or of any reimbursement payment that is required to be refunded (or that Agent or such Issuing Bank elects, based upon the advice of counsel, to refund) to Borrowers for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to deliver to Agent, for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank, an amount equal to the Dollar Equivalent of its respective Pro Rata Share of such Letter of Credit Disbursement pursuant to this Section 2.11(e) shall be absolute and unconditional and such remittance shall be made notwithstanding the occurrence or continuation of an Event of Default or Default or the failure to satisfy any condition set forth in Section 3 . If any such Revolving Lender fails to make available to Agent the amount of such Revolving Lender s Pro Rata Share of such Letter of Credit Disbursement as provided in this Section, such Revolving Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender and Agent (for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank) shall be entitled to recover such amount on demand from such Revolving Lender together with interest thereon at the Defaulting Lender Rate until paid in full. 
 (f) Borrowers agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless each member of the Lender Group (including each applicable Issuing Bank and its branches, Affiliates, and correspondents) and each such Person s respective directors, officers, employees, attorneys and agents (each, including Issuing Bank, a Letter of Credit Related Person (to the fullest extent permitted by law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable fees and disbursements of attorneys, experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), which may be incurred by or awarded against any such Letter of Credit Related Person (other than Taxes, which shall be governed by Section 16 (the Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs ), and which arise out of or in connection with, or as a result of 
 (i) any Letter of Credit or any pre-advice of its issuance 
 (ii) any transfer, sale, delivery, surrender or endorsement (or lack thereof) of any Drawing Document at any time(s) held by any such Letter of Credit Related Person in connection with any Letter of Credit 
 (iii) any action or proceeding arising out of, or in connection with, any Letter of Credit (whether administrative, judicial or in connection with arbitration), including any action or proceeding to compel or restrain any presentation or payment under any such Letter of Credit, or for the wrongful dishonor of, or honoring a presentation under, any such Letter of Credit 
 (iv) any independent undertakings issued by the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit 
 93 

(v) any unauthorized instruction or request made to the applicable Issuing Bank in connection with any Letter of Credit or requested Letter of Credit, or any error, omission, interruption or delay in such instruction or request, whether transmitted by mail, courier, electronic transmission, SWIFT, or any other telecommunication including communications through a correspondent 
 (vi) an adviser, confirmer or other nominated person seeking to be reimbursed, indemnified or compensated in connection with any Letter of Credit 
 (vii) any third party seeking to enforce the rights of an applicant, beneficiary, nominated person, transferee, assignee of proceeds of any Letter of Credit or holder of an instrument or document 
 (viii) the fraud, forgery or illegal action of parties other than the Letter of Credit Related Person 
 (ix) any prohibition on payment or delay in payment of any amount payable by the applicable Issuing Bank to a beneficiary or transferee beneficiary of a Letter of Credit arising out of Anti-Corruption Laws, Anti-Money Laundering Laws, or Sanctions 
 (x) the applicable Issuing Bank s performance of the obligations of a confirming institution or entity that wrongfully dishonors a confirmation 
 (xi) any foreign language translation provided to the applicable Issuing Bank in connection with any Letter of Credit 
 (xii) any foreign law or usage as it relates to the applicable Issuing Bank s issuance of a Letter of Credit in support of a foreign guaranty including without limitation the expiration of such guaranty after the related Letter of Credit expiration date and any resulting drawing paid by the applicable Issuing Bank in connection therewith or 
 (xiii) the acts or omissions, whether rightful or wrongful, of any present or future de jure or de facto governmental or regulatory authority or cause or event beyond the control of the Letter of Credit Related Person 
 provided , that such indemnity shall not be available to any Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnification under clauses (i) through (xiii) above to the extent that such Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs may be finally determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted directly from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnity. Borrowers hereby agree to pay the Letter of Credit Related Person claiming indemnity on demand from time to time all amounts owing under this Section 2.11 . If and to the extent that the obligations of Borrowers under this Section 2.11 are unenforceable for any reason, Borrowers agree to make the maximum contribution to the Letter of Credit Indemnified Costs permissible under applicable law. This indemnification provision shall survive termination of this Agreement and all Letters of Credit. 
 94 

(g) The liability of the applicable Issuing Bank (or any other Letter of Credit Related Person) under, in connection with or arising out of any Letter of Credit (or pre-advice) for the account of Borrowers, regardless of the form or legal grounds of the action or proceeding, shall be limited to direct damages suffered by Borrowers that are caused directly by the applicable Issuing Bank s gross negligence or willful misconduct in (i) honoring a presentation under a Letter of Credit that on its face does not at least substantially comply with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, (ii) failing to honor a presentation under a Letter of Credit that strictly complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit or (iii) retaining Drawing Documents presented under a Letter of Credit. Borrowers aggregate remedies against any Issuing Bank and any Letter of Credit Related Person for wrongfully honoring a presentation under any Letter of Credit or wrongfully retaining honored Drawing Documents shall in no event exceed the aggregate amount paid by Borrowers to the applicable Issuing Bank in respect of the honored presentation in connection with such Letter of Credit under Section 2.11(d) , plus interest at the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans that are Base Rate Loans. Borrowers shall take reasonable action to avoid and mitigate the amount of any damages claimed against the applicable Issuing Bank or any other Letter of Credit Related Person, including by enforcing its rights against the beneficiaries of any applicable Letters of Credit. Any claim by Borrowers under or in connection with any Letter of Credit shall be reduced by an amount equal to the sum of (x) the amount (if any) saved by Borrowers as a result of the breach or alleged wrongful conduct complained of, and (y) the amount (if any) of the loss that would have been avoided had Borrowers taken all reasonable steps to mitigate any loss, and in case of a claim of wrongful dishonor, by specifically and timely authorizing the applicable Issuing Bank to effect a cure. 
 (h) Borrowers are responsible for preparing or approving the final text of any Letter of Credit issued by the applicable Issuing Bank, irrespective of any assistance the applicable Issuing Bank may provide such as drafting or recommending text or by the applicable Issuing Bank s use or refusal to use text submitted by Borrowers. Borrowers understand that the final form of any Letter of Credit may be subject to such revisions and changes as are deemed necessary or appropriate by the applicable Issuing Bank, and Borrowers hereby consent to such revisions and changes not materially different from the application executed in connection therewith. Borrowers are solely responsible for the suitability of the Letter of Credit for Borrowers purposes. If Borrowers request the applicable Issuing Bank to issue a Letter of Credit for an affiliated or unaffiliated third party (an Account Party ), (i) such Account Party shall have no rights against the applicable Issuing Bank (ii) Borrowers shall be responsible for the application and obligations under this Agreement and (iii) communications (including notices) related to the respective Letter of Credit shall be among the applicable Issuing Bank and Borrowers. Borrowers will examine the copy of the Letter of Credit and any other documents sent by the applicable Issuing Bank in connection therewith and shall promptly notify the applicable Issuing Bank (not later than three (3) Business Days following Borrowers receipt of documents from the applicable Issuing Bank) of any non-compliance with Borrowers instructions and of any discrepancy in any document under any presentment or other irregularity. Borrowers understand and agree that the applicable Issuing Bank is not required to extend the expiration date of any Letter of Credit for any reason. With respect to any Letter of Credit 
 95 

containing an automatic amendment to extend the expiration date of such Letter of Credit, the applicable Issuing Bank, in its sole and absolute discretion, may give notice of non-extension of such Letter of Credit and, if Borrowers do not at any time want the then current expiration date of such Letter of Credit to be extended, Borrowers will so notify Agent and the applicable Issuing Bank at least 30 calendar days before the applicable Issuing Bank is required to notify the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit or any advising bank of such non-extension pursuant to the terms of such Letter of Credit. 
 (i) Borrowers reimbursement and payment obligations under this Section 2.11 are absolute, unconditional and irrevocable and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever, including 
 (i) any lack of validity, enforceability or legal effect of any Letter of Credit, any Issuer Document, this Agreement, or any Loan Document, or any term or provision therein or herein 
 (ii) payment against presentation of any draft, demand or claim for payment under any Drawing Document that does not comply in whole or in part with the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit or which proves to be fraudulent, forged or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, or which is signed, issued or presented by a Person or a transferee of such Person purporting to be a successor or transferee of the beneficiary of such Letter of Credit 
 (iii) the applicable Issuing Bank or any of its branches or Affiliates being the beneficiary of any Letter of Credit 
 (iv) the applicable Issuing Bank or any correspondent honoring a drawing against a Drawing Document up to the amount available under any Letter of Credit even if such Drawing Document claims an amount in excess of the amount available under the Letter of Credit 
 (v) the existence of any claim, set-off, defense or other right that any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries may have at any time against any beneficiary or transferee beneficiary, any assignee of proceeds, the applicable Issuing Bank or any other Person 
 (vi) the applicable Issuing Bank or any correspondent honoring a drawing upon receipt of an electronic presentation under a Letter of Credit requiring the same, regardless of whether the original Drawing Documents arrive at the applicable Issuing Bank s counters or are different from the electronic presentation 
 (vii) any other event, circumstance or conduct whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing that might, but for this Section 2.11(i) , constitute a legal or equitable defense to or discharge of, or provide a right of set-off against, Borrowers or any of their Subsidiaries reimbursement and other payment obligations 
 96 

and liabilities, arising under, or in connection with, any Letter of Credit, whether against the applicable Issuing Bank, the beneficiary or any other Person or 
 (viii) the fact that any Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing 
 provided , that subject to Section 2.11(g) , the foregoing shall not release the applicable Issuing Bank from such liability to Borrowers as may be finally determined in a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction against such Issuing Bank following reimbursement or payment of the obligations and liabilities, including reimbursement and other payment obligations, of Borrowers to such Issuing Bank arising under, or in connection with, this Section 2.11 or any Letter of Credit. 
 (j) Without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, no Issuing Bank or any other Letter of Credit Related Person (if applicable) shall be responsible to any Borrower for, and each Issuing Bank s rights and remedies against Borrowers and the obligation of Borrowers to reimburse the applicable Issuing Bank for each drawing under a Letter of Credit shall not be impaired by 
 (i) honor of a presentation under any Letter of Credit that on its face substantially complies with the terms and conditions of such Letter of Credit, even if the Letter of Credit requires strict compliance by the beneficiary 
 (ii) honor of a presentation of any Drawing Document that appears on its face to have been signed, presented or issued (A) by any purported successor or transferee of any beneficiary or other Person required to sign, present or issue such Drawing Document or (B) under a new name of the beneficiary 
 (iii) acceptance as a draft of any written or electronic demand or request for payment under a Letter of Credit, even if nonnegotiable or not in the form of a draft or notwithstanding any requirement that such draft, demand or request bear any or adequate reference to the Letter of Credit 
 (iv) the identity or authority of any presenter or signer of any Drawing Document or the form, accuracy, genuineness or legal effect of any Drawing Document (other than the applicable Issuing Bank s determination that such Drawing Document appears on its face substantially to comply with the terms and conditions of the Letter of Credit) 
 (v) acting upon any instruction or request relative to a Letter of Credit or requested Letter of Credit that the applicable Issuing Bank in good faith believes to have been given by a Person authorized to give such instruction or request 
 (vi) any errors, omissions, interruptions or delays in transmission or delivery of any message, advice or document (regardless of how sent or transmitted) or for errors in interpretation of technical terms or in translation or any delay in giving or failing to give notice to any Borrower 
 97 

(vii) any acts, omissions or fraud by, or the insolvency of, any beneficiary, any nominated person or entity or any other Person or any breach of contract between any beneficiary and any Borrower or any of the parties to the underlying transaction to which the Letter of Credit relates 
 (viii) assertion or waiver of any provision of the ISP or UCP that primarily benefits an issuer of a letter of credit, including any requirement that any Drawing Document be presented to it at a particular hour or place 
 (ix) payment to any presenting bank (designated or permitted by the terms of the applicable Letter of Credit) claiming that it rightfully honored or is entitled to reimbursement or indemnity under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to it 
 (x) acting or failing to act as required or permitted under Standard Letter of Credit Practice applicable to where the applicable Issuing Bank has issued, confirmed, advised or negotiated such Letter of Credit, as the case may be 
 (xi) honor of a presentation after the expiration date of any Letter of Credit notwithstanding that a presentation was made prior to such expiration date and dishonored by the applicable Issuing Bank if subsequently the applicable Issuing Bank or any court or other finder of fact determines that such presentation should have been honored 
 (xii) dishonor of any presentation that does not strictly comply or that is fraudulent, forged or otherwise not entitled to honor or 
 (xiii) honor of a presentation that is subsequently determined by the applicable Issuing Bank to have been made in violation of international, federal, state or local restrictions on the transaction of business with certain prohibited Persons. 
 (k) Borrowers shall pay promptly upon demand to Agent for the account of the applicable Issuing Bank as non-refundable fees, commissions, and charges (it being acknowledged and agreed that any charging of such fees, commissions, and charges to the applicable Loan Account pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.6(d) shall be deemed to constitute a demand for payment thereof for the purposes of this Section 2.11(k) (i) a fronting fee which shall be imposed by the applicable Issuing Bank equal to 0.125 per annum times the average amount of the Letter of Credit Usage during the immediately preceding month, plus (ii) any and all other customary commissions, fees and charges then in effect imposed by, and any and all expenses incurred by, the applicable Issuing Bank, or by any adviser, confirming institution or entity or other nominated person, relating to Letters of Credit, at the time of issuance of any Letter of Credit and upon the occurrence of any other activity with respect to any Letter of Credit (including transfers, assignments of proceeds, amendments, drawings, extensions or cancellations). 
 (l) If by reason of (x) any Change in Law, or (y) compliance by the applicable Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group with any direction, request, or 
 98 

requirement (irrespective of whether having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority or monetary authority including, Regulation D of the Board of Governors as from time to time in effect (and any successor thereto) 
 (i) any reserve, deposit, or similar requirement is or shall be imposed or modified in respect of any Letter of Credit issued or caused to be issued hereunder or hereby, or any Loans or obligations to make Loans hereunder or hereby, or 
 (ii) there shall be imposed on the applicable Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group any other condition regarding any Letter of Credit, Loans, or obligations to make Loans hereunder, 
 and the result of the foregoing is to increase, directly or indirectly, the cost to such Issuing Bank or any other member of the Lender Group of issuing, making, participating in, or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount receivable in respect thereof, then, and in any such case, Agent may, at any time within a reasonable period after the additional cost is incurred or the amount received is reduced, notify Borrowers, and Borrowers shall pay within 30 days after demand therefor, such amounts as Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, may specify to be necessary to compensate such Issuing Bank or the Lenders for such additional cost or reduced receipt, together with interest on such amount from the date of such demand until payment in full thereof at the rate then applicable to Revolving Loans which are Base Rate Loans provided , that (A) Borrowers shall not be required to provide any compensation pursuant to this Section 2.11(l) for any such amounts incurred more than 180 days prior to the date on which the demand for payment of such amounts is first made to Borrowers, and (B) if an event or circumstance giving rise to such amounts is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. The determination by Agent of any amount due pursuant to this Section 2.11(l) , as set forth in a certificate setting forth the calculation thereof in reasonable detail, shall, in the absence of manifest or demonstrable error, be final and conclusive and binding on all of the parties hereto. 
 (m) Each standby Letter of Credit shall expire not later than the earlier of (A) three years after the date of issuance of such Letter of Credit and (B) the date that is 12 months after the stated Maturity Date (or, under this clause (B), such later date as may be agreed by the applicable Issuing Bank in its sole discretion) provided , that any standby Letter of Credit may provide for the automatic extension thereof for any number of additional periods each of up to one year in duration provided further , that with respect to any Letter of Credit which extends beyond the Maturity Date, Letter of Credit Collateralization shall be provided therefor on or before the date that is five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. Each commercial Letter of Credit shall expire on the earlier of (i) 120 days after the date of the issuance of such commercial Letter of Credit and (ii) five Business Days prior to the Maturity Date. 
 (n) If (i) any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing or (ii) Availability shall at any time be less than zero, then on the Business Day following the date when the Administrative Borrower receives notice from Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Obligations has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with Letter of Credit 
 99 

Exposure representing greater than 50 of the total Letter of Credit Exposure) demanding Letter of Credit Collateralization pursuant to this Section 2.11(n) upon such demand, Borrowers shall provide Letter of Credit Collateralization with respect to the then existing Letter of Credit Usage. If Borrowers fail to provide Letter of Credit Collateralization as required by this Section 2.11(n) , the Revolving Lenders may advance, as Revolving Loans the amount of the cash collateral required pursuant to the Letter of Credit Collateralization provision so that the then existing Letter of Credit Usage is cash collateralized in accordance with the Letter of Credit Collateralization provision. 
 (o) Unless otherwise expressly agreed by Borrowers and the applicable Issuing Bank at the time a Letter of Credit is issued (including any such agreement applicable to an Existing Letter of Credit), (i) the rules of the ISP shall apply to each standby Letter of Credit, and (ii) the rules of the UCP shall apply to each commercial Letter of Credit. 
 (p) the applicable Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have acted with due diligence and reasonable care if such Issuing Bank s conduct is in accordance with Standard Letter of Credit Practice or in accordance with this Agreement. 
 (q) In the event of a direct conflict between the provisions of this Section 2.11 and any provision contained in any Issuer Document, it is the intention of the parties hereto that such provisions be read together and construed, to the fullest extent possible, to be in concert with each other. In the event of any actual, irreconcilable conflict that cannot be resolved as aforesaid, the terms and provisions of this Section 2.11 shall control and govern. 
 (r) The provisions of this Section 2.11 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations with respect to any Letters of Credit that remain outstanding. 
 (s) At Borrowers costs and expense, Borrowers shall execute and deliver to the applicable Issuing Bank such additional certificates, instruments and or documents and take such additional action as may be reasonably requested by such Issuing Bank to enable such Issuing Bank to issue any Letter of Credit pursuant to this Agreement and related Issuer Document, to protect, exercise and or enforce such Issuing Banks rights and interests under this Agreement or to give effect to the terms and provisions of this Agreement or any Issuer Document. Each Borrower irrevocably appoints each Issuing Bank as its attorney-in-fact and authorizes such Issuing Bank, without notice to Borrowers, to execute and deliver ancillary documents and letters customary in the letter of credit business that may include but are not limited to advisements, indemnities, checks, bills of exchange and issuance documents. The power of attorney granted by the Borrowers is limited solely to such actions related to the issuance, confirmation or amendment of any Letter of Credit and to ancillary documents or letters customary in the letter of credit business. This appointment is coupled with an interest. 
 2.12. LIBOR SOFR Option . 
 (a) Interest and Interest Payment Dates . In lieu of having interest charged at the rate based upon the Base Rate, Borrowers shall have the option, subject to Section 2.12(b) 
 100 

below (the LIBOR SOFR Option , to have interest on all or a portion of the Revolving Loans be charged (whether at the time when made (unless otherwise provided herein), upon conversion from a Base Rate Loan to a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, or upon continuation of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan as a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan) at a rate of interest based upon the LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . Interest on LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans shall be payable on the earliest of (i) the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto provided , that subject to the following clauses (ii) and (iii), in the case of any Interest Period greater than three months in duration, interest shall be payable at three month intervals after the commencement of the applicable Interest Period and on the last day of such Interest Period, (ii) the date on which all or any portion of the Obligations are accelerated pursuant to the terms hereof, or (iii) the date on which this Agreement is terminated pursuant to the terms hereof. On the last day of each applicable Interest Period, unless Borrowers have properly exercised the LIBOR Rate SOFR Option with respect thereto, the interest rate applicable to such LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan automatically shall convert to the rate of interest then applicable to Base Rate Loans of the same type hereunder. At any time that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, at the written election of Agent or the Required Lenders, Borrowers no longer shall have the option to request that Revolving Loans bear interest at a rate based upon the LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . 
 (b) LIBOR SOFR Election . 
 (i) Borrowers may, at any time and from time to time, so long as Borrowers have not received a notice from Agent (which notice Agent may elect to give or not give in its discretion unless Agent is directed to give such notice by the Required Lenders, in which case, it shall give the notice to Borrowers), after the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, to terminate the right of Borrowers to exercise the LIBOR SOFR Option during the continuance of such Event of Default, elect to exercise the LIBOR SOFR Option by notifying Agent prior to 1 00 p.m. at least three U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of the proposed Interest Period (the LIBOR SOFR Deadline ). Notice of Borrowers election of the LIBOR SOFR Option for a permitted portion of the Revolving Loans and an Interest Period pursuant to this Section shall be made by delivery to Agent of a LIBOR SOFR Notice received by Agent before the LIBOR SOFR Deadline. Promptly upon its receipt of each such LIBOR SOFR Notice, Agent shall provide a copy notice thereof to each of the affected Lenders. 
 (ii) Each LIBOR SOFR Notice shall be irrevocable and binding on Borrowers. In connection with each LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan, each Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold Agent and the Lenders harmless against any loss, cost, or expense actually incurred by Agent or any Lender as a result of (A) the payment or required assignment of any principal of any LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default), (B) the conversion of any LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (C) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or 
 101 

prepay any LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan on the date specified in any LIBOR SOFR Notice delivered pursuant hereto (such losses, costs, or expenses, Funding Losses ). 
 (iii) A certificate of Agent or a Lender delivered to Borrowers setting forth in reasonable detail any amount or amounts that Agent or such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Borrowers shall pay such amount to Agent or the Lender, as applicable, within 30 days of the date of its receipt of such certificate. If a payment of a LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan on a day other than the last day of the applicable Interest Period would result in a Funding Loss, Agent may, in its sole discretion at the request of Borrowers, hold the amount of such payment as cash collateral in support of the Obligations until the last day of such Interest Period and apply such amounts to the payment of the applicable LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan on such last day of such Interest Period , it being agreed that Agent has no obligation to so defer the application of payments to any LIBOR Rate SOFR Loan and that, in the event that Agent does not defer such application, Borrowers shall be obligated to pay any resulting Funding Losses. 
 (iv) Unless Agent, in its sole discretion, agrees otherwise, Borrowers shall have not more than five LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans in effect at any given time. Borrowers may only exercise the LIBOR SOFR Option for proposed LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans of at least 1,000,000. 
 (c) Conversion Prepayment . Borrowers may convert LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans to Base Rate Loans or prepay LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans at any time provided , that in the event that LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans are converted or prepaid on any date that is not the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, including as a result of any prepayment through the required application by Agent of any payments or proceeds of Collateral in accordance with Section 2.4(b) or for any other reason, including early termination of the term of this Agreement or acceleration of all or any portion of the Obligations pursuant to the terms hereof, each Borrower shall indemnify, defend, and hold Agent and the Lenders and their Participants harmless against any and all Funding Losses in accordance with Section 2.12 (b)(ii) . 
 (d) Special Provisions Applicable to LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . 
 (i) The LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR may be adjusted by Agent with respect to any Lender on a prospective basis to take into account any additional or increased costs to such Lender of maintaining or obtaining any eurodollar deposits or increased costs (other than Taxes which shall be governed by Section 16 ), in each case, due to changes in applicable law occurring subsequent to the commencement of the then applicable Interest Period, including or pursuant to any Changes Change in Law and changes or change in the reserve requirements imposed by the Board of Governors, which additional or increased costs would increase the cost of funding or maintaining loans bearing interest at the LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR . In any such event, the affected Lender shall give Borrowers and Agent notice of such a determination and adjustment and Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other 
 102 

Lender and, upon its receipt of the notice from the affected Lender, Borrowers may, by notice to such affected Lender (A) require such Lender to furnish to Borrowers a statement setting forth in reasonable detail the basis for adjusting such LIBOR Rate Adjusted Term SOFR and the method for determining the amount of such adjustment, or (B) repay the LIBOR SOFR Loans or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR, in each case, of such Lender with respect to which such adjustment is made (together with any amounts due under Section 2.12(b)(ii) ). 
 (ii) Subject to the provisions set forth in Section 2.12(d)(iii) below, in the event that any change in market conditions or any Change in Law shall at any time after the date hereof, in the reasonable opinion of any Lender, make it unlawful or impractical for such Lender to fund or maintain LIBOR SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR or to continue such funding or maintaining, or to determine or charge interest rates at the LIBOR Term SOFR Reference Rate , Adjusted Term SOFR, Term SOFR or SOFR , such Lender shall give notice of such changed circumstances to Agent and Borrowers and Agent promptly shall transmit the notice to each other Lender and (y) (i) in the case of any LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans of such Lender that are outstanding, the date specified in such SOFR Loans of such Lender s notice shall will be deemed to be have been converted Base Rate Loans on the last day of the Interest Period of such LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans, if such Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans, or immediately, if such Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such SOFR Loans, and thereafter interest upon the LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans of such Lender thereafter shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans , (and if applicable, without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof) and (ii) in the case of any such Base Rate Loans of such Lender that are outstanding and that are determined with reference to Term SOFR, interest upon the Base Rate Loans of such Lender after the date specified in such Lender s notice shall accrue interest at the rate then applicable to Base Rate Loans without reference to the Term SOFR component thereof and (z) Borrowers shall not be entitled to elect the LIBOR SOFR Option and Base Rate Loans shall not be determined with reference to the Term SOFR component thereof, in each case, until such Lender determines that it would no longer be unlawful or impractical to do so. 
 (iii) Effect of Benchmark Transition Event Replacement Setting . 
 (A) Benchmark Replacement . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, Agent and Administrative Borrower may amend this Agreement to replace the LIBOR Rate then-current Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement. Any such amendment with respect to a Benchmark Transition Event will become effective at 5 00 p.m. on the fifth (5 th Business Day after Agent has posted such proposed amendment to all affected Lenders and Administrative Borrower so long as Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such amendment 
 103 

from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. Any such amendment with respect to an Early Opt-in Election will become effective on the date that Lenders comprising the Required Lenders have delivered to Agent written notice that such Required Lenders accept such amendment. No replacement of the LIBOR Rate a Benchmark with a Benchmark Replacement pursuant to this Section 2.12(d)(iii) will occur prior to the applicable Benchmark Transition Start Date. 
 (B) Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes . In connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, Agent will have the right (in consultation with the Administrative Borrower) to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document . 
 (C) Notices Standards for Decisions and Determinations . Agent will promptly notify Administrative Borrower and the Lenders of (1) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Date and Benchmark Transition Start Date, (2) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (3) the effectiveness of any Conforming Changes in connection with the use, administration, adoption or implementation of a Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, . Agent will notify Administrative Borrower of (x) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to Section 2.12(d)(iii)(D) and 4 y the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by Agent or , if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders pursuant to this Section 2.12(d)(iii) , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection , will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party hereto to this Agreement or any other Loan Document , except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.12(d)(iii) . 
 (D) Unavailability of Tenor of Benchmark . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (1) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR Reference Rate) and either (I) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a 
 104 

screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by Agent in its reasonable discretion or (II) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is not or will not be representative, then Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (2) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (1) above either (I) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (II) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is not or will not be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period (or any similar or analogous definition) for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (E) (D) Benchmark Unavailability Period . Upon Administrative Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, (1) Administrative Borrower may revoke any pending request for a LIBOR Borrowing borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of LIBOR Rate SOFR Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, Administrative Borrower will be deemed to have converted any such request into a request for a Borrowing borrowing of or conversion to Base Rate Loans and (2) any outstanding affected SOFR Loans will be deemed to have been converted to Base Rate Loans at the end of the applicable Interest Period . During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor , the component of the Base Rate based upon the LIBOR Rate then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 (e) No Requirement of Matched Funding . Anything to the contrary contained herein notwithstanding, neither Agent, nor any Lender, nor any of their Participants, is required actually to acquire eurodollar deposits to fund or otherwise match fund any Obligation as to which interest accrues at the LIBOR Adjusted Term SOFR or the Term SOFR Reference Rate. 
 2.13. Capital Requirements . 
 (a) If, after the date hereof, any Issuing Bank or Lender determines that (i) any Change in Law regarding capital, liquidity or reserve requirements for banks or bank holding companies, or (ii) compliance by any Issuing Bank or such Lender, or their respective parent bank holding companies, with any guideline, request or directive of any Governmental Authority regarding capital adequacy or liquidity requirements (whether or not having the force of law), has the effect of reducing the return on such Issuing Bank s, such Lender s, or such holding companies capital or liquidity as a consequence of such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s 
 105 

commitments, Loans, participations or other obligations hereunder to a level below that which such Issuing Bank, such Lender, or such holding companies could have achieved but for such Change in Law or compliance (taking into consideration such Issuing Bank s, such Lender s, or such holding companies then existing policies with respect to capital adequacy or liquidity requirements and assuming the full utilization of such entity s capital) by any amount deemed by such Issuing Bank or such Lender to be material, then such Issuing Bank or such Lender may notify Borrowers and Agent thereof. Following receipt of such notice, Borrowers agree to pay such Issuing Bank or such Lender on demand the amount of such reduction of return of capital as and when such reduction is determined, payable within 30 days after presentation by such Issuing Bank or such Lender of a statement setting forth such amount, and showing in reasonable detail such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s calculation thereof and the assumptions upon which such calculation was based (which statement shall be deemed true and correct absent manifest error). In determining such amount, such Issuing Bank or such Lender will make such determination using its Permitted Discretion and may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. Failure or delay on the part of such Issuing Bank or such Lender to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Issuing Bank s or such Lender s right to demand such compensation provided , that Borrowers shall not be required to compensate such Issuing Bank or a Lender pursuant to this Section for any reductions in return incurred more than 180 days prior to the date that such Issuing Bank or such Lender notifies Borrowers of such Change in Law giving rise to such reductions and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor provided further , that if such claim arises by reason of the Change in Law that is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 
 (b) If the applicable Issuing Bank or Lender requests additional or increased costs referred to in Section 2.11(l) or Section 2.12(d)(i) or amounts under Section 2.13(a) or sends a notice under Section 2.12(d)(ii) relative to changed circumstances (such Issuing Bank or Lender, an Affected Lender ), then, at the request of Administrative Borrower, such Affected Lender shall use reasonable efforts to promptly designate a different one of its lending offices or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices or branches, if (i) in the reasonable judgment of such Affected Lender, such designation or assignment would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.11(l) , Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a) , as applicable, or would eliminate the illegality or impracticality of funding or maintaining LIBOR SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR) , and (ii) in the reasonable judgment of such Affected Lender, such designation or assignment would not subject it to any material unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be materially disadvantageous to it. Borrowers agree to pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses incurred by such Affected Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. If, after such reasonable efforts, such Affected Lender does not so designate a different one of its lending offices or assign its rights to another of its offices or branches so as to eliminate Borrowers obligation to pay any future amounts to such Affected Lender pursuant to Section 2.11(l) , Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a) , as applicable, or to enable Borrowers to obtain LIBOR SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR) , then 
 106 

Borrowers (without prejudice to any amounts then due to such Affected Lender under Section 2.11(l) , Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a) , as applicable) may, unless prior to the effective date of any such assignment the Affected Lender withdraws its request for such additional amounts under Section 2.11(l) , Section 2.12(d)(i) or Section 2.13(a) , as applicable, or indicates that it is no longer unlawful or impractical to fund or maintain LIBOR SOFR Loans (or Base Rate Loans determined with reference to Term SOFR) , may designate a different Issuing Bank or substitute a Lender or prospective Lender, in each case, reasonably acceptable to Agent to purchase the Obligations owed to such Affected Lender and such Affected Lender s commitments hereunder (a Replacement Lender ), and if such Replacement Lender agrees to such purchase, such Affected Lender shall assign to the Replacement Lender its Obligations and commitments, and upon such purchase by the Replacement Lender, which such Replacement Lender shall be deemed to be Issuing Bank or a Lender (as the case may be) for purposes of this Agreement and such Affected Lender shall cease to be Issuing Bank or a Lender (as the case may be) for purposes of this Agreement. 
 (c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the protection of Sections 2.11(l) , 2.12(d) , and 2.13 shall be available to each Issuing Bank and each Lender (as applicable) regardless of any possible contention of the invalidity or inapplicability of the law, rule, regulation, judicial ruling, judgment, guideline, treaty or other change or condition which shall have occurred or been imposed, so long as it shall be customary for issuing banks or lenders affected thereby to comply therewith. Notwithstanding any other provision herein, neither any Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall demand compensation pursuant to this Section 2.13 if it shall not at the time be the general policy or practice of such Issuing Bank or such Lender (as the case may be) to demand such compensation in similar circumstances under comparable provisions of other credit agreements, if any. 
 2.14. Incremental Facilities . 
 (a) At any time during the period from and after the Closing Date through but excluding the date that is the three-year anniversary of the Closing Date, at the option of Borrowers (but subject to the conditions set forth in clause (b) below), the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount may be increased by an amount in the aggregate for all such increases of the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount not to exceed the Available Increase Amount (each such increase, an Increase ). Borrowers may invite any prospective lender who is reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers to become a Lender in connection with a proposed Increase. Any Increase shall be in an amount of at least 10,000,000 and integral multiples of 500,000 in excess thereof. In no event may the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount be increased pursuant to this Section 2.14 on more than three occasions in the aggregate for all such Increases. Additionally, for the avoidance of doubt, it is understood and agreed that in no event shall the aggregate amount of the Increases to the Revolver Commitments exceed 50,000,000. 
 (b) Each of the following shall be conditions precedent to any Increase of the Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount in connection therewith 
 107 

(i) Agent or Borrowers have obtained the commitment of one or more Lenders (or other prospective lenders) reasonably satisfactory to Agent and Borrowers to provide the applicable Increase and any such Lenders (or prospective lenders), Borrowers, and Agent have signed a joinder agreement to this Agreement (an Increase Joinder ), in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, to which such Lenders (or prospective lenders), Borrowers, and Agent are party, 
 (ii) each of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 3.2 are satisfied, 
 (iii) in connection with any Increase, if any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock, Borrowers shall deliver to Agent an updated Form U-1 (with sufficient additional originals thereof for each Lender), duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, together with such other documentation as Agent shall reasonably request, in order to enable Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board, and 
 (iv) The interest rate margins with respect to the Revolving Loans to be made pursuant to the increased Revolver Commitments shall be the same as the interest rate margin applicable to Revolving Loans hereunder immediately prior to the applicable date of the effectiveness of the increased Revolver Commitments and the Maximum Revolver Amount (the Increase Date ). 
 (c) Unless otherwise specifically provided herein, all references in this Agreement and any other Loan Document to Revolving Loans shall be deemed, unless the context otherwise requires, to include Revolving Loans made pursuant to the increased Revolver Commitments and Maximum Revolver Amount pursuant to this Section 2.14 . 
 (d) Each of the Lenders having a Revolver Commitment prior to the Increase Date (the Pre-Increase Revolver Lenders shall assign to any Lender which is acquiring a new or additional Revolver Commitment on the Increase Date (the Post-Increase Revolver Lenders ), and such Post-Increase Revolver Lenders shall purchase from each Pre-Increase Revolver Lender, at the principal amount thereof, such interests in the Revolving Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit on such Increase Date as shall be necessary in order that, after giving effect to all such assignments and purchases, such Revolving Loans and participation interests in Letters of Credit will be held by Pre-Increase Revolver Lenders and Post-Increase Revolver Lenders ratably in accordance with their Pro Rata Share after giving effect to such increased Revolver Commitments. 
 (e) The Revolving Loans, Revolver Commitments, and Maximum Revolver Amount established pursuant to this Section 2.14 shall constitute Revolving Loans, Revolver Commitments, and Maximum Revolver Amount under, and shall be entitled to all the benefits afforded by, this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and shall, without limiting the foregoing, benefit equally and ratably from any guarantees and the security interests created by the Loan Documents. Borrowers shall take any actions reasonably required by Agent to ensure 
 108 

and demonstrate that the Liens and security interests granted by the Loan Documents continue to be perfected under the Code or otherwise after giving effect to the establishment of any such new Revolver Commitments and Maximum Revolver Amount. 
 2.15. Joint and Several Liability of Borrowers . 
 (a) Each Borrower is accepting joint and several liability hereunder and under the other Loan Documents in consideration of the financial accommodations to be provided by the Lender Group under this Agreement, for the mutual benefit, directly and indirectly, of each Borrower and in consideration of the undertakings of the other Borrowers to accept joint and several liability for the Obligations. 
 (b) Each Borrower, jointly and severally, hereby irrevocably and unconditionally accepts, not merely as a surety but also as a co-debtor, joint and several liability with the other Borrowers, with respect to the payment and performance of all of the Obligations (including any Obligations arising under this Section 2.15 ), it being the intention of the parties hereto that all the Obligations shall be the joint and several obligations of each Borrower without preferences or distinction among them. Accordingly, each Borrower hereby waives any and all suretyship defenses that would otherwise be available to such Borrower under applicable law. 
 (c) If and to the extent that any Borrower shall fail to make any payment with respect to any of the Obligations as and when due, whether upon maturity, acceleration, or otherwise, or to perform any of the Obligations in accordance with the terms thereof, then in each such event the other Borrowers will make such payment with respect to, or perform, such Obligations until such time as all of the Obligations are paid in full, and without the need for demand, protest, or any other notice or formality. 
 (d) The Obligations of each Borrower under the provisions of this Section 2.15 constitute the absolute and unconditional, full recourse Obligations of each Borrower enforceable against each Borrower to the full extent of its properties and assets, irrespective of the validity, regularity or enforceability of the provisions of this Agreement (other than this Section 2.15(d) or any other circumstances whatsoever. 
 (e) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing and except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, each Borrower hereby waives presentments, demands for performance, protests and notices, including notices of acceptance of its joint and several liability, notice of any Revolving Loans, any Letters of Credit issued under or pursuant to this Agreement, notice of the occurrence of any Default, Event of Default, notices of nonperformance, notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices of acceptance of this Agreement, notices of the existence, creation, or incurring of new or additional Obligations or other financial accommodations or of any demand for any payment under this Agreement, notice of any action at any time taken or omitted by Agent or Lenders under or in respect of any of the Obligations, any right to proceed against any other Borrower or any other Person, to proceed against or exhaust any security held from any other Borrower or any other Person, to protect, secure, perfect, or insure any security interest or Lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any 
 109 

right to take any action against any other Borrower, any other Person, or any collateral, to pursue any other remedy in any member of the Lender Group s or any Bank Product Provider s power whatsoever, any requirement of diligence or to mitigate damages and, generally, to the extent permitted by applicable law, all demands, notices and other formalities of every kind in connection with this Agreement (except as otherwise provided in this Agreement), any right to assert against any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider, any defense (legal or equitable), set-off, counterclaim, or claim which each Borrower may now or at any time hereafter have against any other Borrower or any other party liable to any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider, any defense, set-off, counterclaim, or claim, of any kind or nature, arising directly or indirectly from the present or future lack of perfection, sufficiency, validity, or enforceability of the Obligations or any security therefor, and any right or defense arising by reason of any claim or defense based upon an election of remedies by any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider including any defense based upon an impairment or elimination of such Borrower s rights of subrogation, reimbursement, contribution, or indemnity of such Borrower against any other Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower hereby assents to, and waives notice of, any extension or postponement of the time for the payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any payment of any of the Obligations, the acceptance of any partial payment thereon, any waiver, consent or other action or acquiescence by Agent or Lenders at any time or times in respect of any default by any Borrower in the performance or satisfaction of any term, covenant, condition or provision of this Agreement, any and all other indulgences whatsoever by Agent or Lenders in respect of any of the Obligations, and the taking, addition, substitution or release, in whole or in part, at any time or times, of any security for any of the Obligations or the addition, substitution or release, in whole or in part, of any Borrower. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Borrower assents to any other action or delay in acting or failure to act on the part of any Agent or Lender with respect to the failure by any Borrower to comply with any of its respective Obligations, including any failure strictly or diligently to assert any right or to pursue any remedy or to comply fully with applicable laws or regulations thereunder, which might, but for the provisions of this Section 2.15 afford grounds for terminating, discharging or relieving any Borrower, in whole or in part, from any of its Obligations under this Section 2.15 , it being the intention of each Borrower that, so long as any of the Obligations hereunder remain unsatisfied, the Obligations of each Borrower under this Section 2.15 shall not be discharged except by performance and then only to the extent of such performance. The Obligations of each Borrower under this Section 2.15 shall not be diminished or rendered unenforceable by any winding up, reorganization, arrangement, liquidation, reconstruction or similar proceeding with respect to any other Borrower or any Agent or Lender. Each of the Borrowers waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting its liability hereunder or the enforcement hereof. Any payment by any Borrower or other circumstance which operates to toll any statute of limitations as to any Borrower shall operate to toll the statute of limitations as to each of the Borrowers. Each of the Borrowers waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of any Borrower or any other Person, other than payment of the Obligations to the extent of such payment, based on or arising out of the disability of any Borrower or any other Person, or the validity, legality, or unenforceability of the Obligations or any part thereof from any cause, or 
 110 

the cessation from any cause of the liability of any Borrower other than payment of the Obligations to the extent of such payment. Agent may, at the election of the Required Lenders, foreclose upon any Collateral held by Agent by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales or other dispositions, whether or not every aspect of any such sale is commercially reasonable or otherwise fails to comply with applicable law or may exercise any other right or remedy Agent, any other member of the Lender Group, or any Bank Product Provider may have against any Borrower or any other Person, or any security, in each case, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of any of the Borrowers hereunder except to the extent the Obligations have been paid. 
 (f) Each Borrower represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that such Borrower is currently informed of the financial condition of Borrowers and of all other circumstances which a diligent inquiry would reveal and which bear upon the risk of nonpayment of the Obligations. Each Borrower further represents and warrants to Agent and Lenders that such Borrower has read and understands the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents. Each Borrower hereby covenants that such Borrower will continue to keep informed of Borrowers financial condition and of all other circumstances which bear upon the risk of nonpayment or nonperformance of the Obligations. 
 (g) The provisions of this Section 2.15 are made for the benefit of Agent, each member of the Lender Group, each Bank Product Provider, and their respective successors and assigns, and may be enforced by it or them from time to time against any or all Borrowers as often as occasion therefor may arise and without requirement on the part of Agent, any member of the Lender Group, any Bank Product Provider, or any of their successors or assigns first to marshal any of its or their claims or to exercise any of its or their rights against any Borrower or to exhaust any remedies available to it or them against any Borrower or to resort to any other source or means of obtaining payment of any of the Obligations hereunder or to elect any other remedy. The provisions of this Section 2.15 shall remain in effect until all of the Obligations shall have been paid in full or otherwise fully satisfied. If at any time, any payment, or any part thereof, made in respect of any of the Obligations, is rescinded or must otherwise be restored or returned by Agent or any Lender upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of any Borrower, or otherwise, the provisions of this Section 2.15 will forthwith be reinstated in effect, as though such payment had not been made. 
 (h) Each Borrower hereby agrees that it will not enforce any of its rights that arise from the existence, payment, performance or enforcement of the provisions of this Section 2.15 , including rights of subrogation, reimbursement, exoneration, contribution or indemnification and any right to participate in any claim or remedy of Agent, any other member of the Lender Group, or any Bank Product Provider against any Borrower, whether or not such claim, remedy or right arises in equity or under contract, statute or common law, including the right to take or receive from any Borrower, directly or indirectly, in cash or other property or by set-off or in any other manner, payment or security solely on account of such claim, remedy or right, unless and until such time as all of the Obligations have been paid in full in cash. Any claim which any Borrower may have against any other Borrower with respect to any payments to 
 111 

any Agent or any member of the Lender Group hereunder or under any of the Bank Product Agreements are hereby expressly made subordinate and junior in right of payment, without limitation as to any increases in the Obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, to the prior payment in full in cash of the Obligations and, in the event of any insolvency, bankruptcy, receivership, liquidation, reorganization or other similar proceeding under the laws of any jurisdiction relating to any Borrower, its debts or its assets, whether voluntary or involuntary, all such Obligations shall be paid in full in cash before any payment or distribution of any character, whether in cash, securities or other property, shall be made to any other Borrower therefor. If any amount shall be paid to any Borrower in violation of the immediately preceding sentence, such amount shall be held in trust for the benefit of Agent, for the benefit of the Lender Group and the Bank Product Providers, and shall forthwith be paid to Agent to be credited and applied to the Obligations and all other amounts payable under this Agreement, whether matured or unmatured, in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, or to be held as Collateral for any Obligations or other amounts payable under this Agreement thereafter arising. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, no Borrower may exercise any rights of subrogation, contribution, indemnity, reimbursement or other similar rights against, and may not proceed or seek recourse against or with respect to any property or asset of, any other Borrower (the Foreclosed Borrower ), including after payment in full of the Obligations, if all or any portion of the Obligations have been satisfied in connection with an exercise of remedies in respect of the Equity Interests of such Foreclosed Borrower whether pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. 
 2.16. Currencies . The Revolving Loans and other Obligations shall be made and repaid in Dollars provided that Letters of Credit may be issued in Applicable Currencies. 
 3. CONDITIONS TERM OF AGREEMENT . 
 3.1. Conditions Precedent to the Initial Extension of Credit . The obligation of each Lender to make the initial extensions of credit provided for hereunder is subject to the fulfillment, to the satisfaction of Agent and each Lender, of each of the conditions precedent set forth on Schedule 3.1 to this Agreement (the making of such initial extensions of credit by a Lender being conclusively deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent). 
 3.2. Conditions Precedent to all Extensions of Credit . The obligation of the Lender Group (or any member thereof) to make any Revolving Loans hereunder (or to extend any other credit hereunder) at any time shall be subject to the following conditions precedent 
 (a) the representations and warranties of each Loan Party or its Subsidiaries contained in this Agreement or in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) on and as of the date of such extension of credit, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and 
 112 

warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date) and 
 (b) no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing on the date of such extension of credit, nor shall either result from the making thereof. 
 3.3. Maturity . The Commitments shall continue in full force and effect for a term ending on the Maturity Date (unless terminated earlier in accordance with the terms hereof). 
 3.4. Effect of Maturity . On the Maturity Date, all commitments of the Lender Group to provide additional credit hereunder shall automatically be terminated and all of the Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted and Hedge Obligations) immediately shall become due and payable without notice or demand and Borrowers shall be required to repay all of the Obligations (other than contingent obligations for which no claim has been asserted and Hedge Obligations) in full. No termination of the obligations of the Lender Group (other than payment in full of the Obligations and termination of the Commitments) shall relieve or discharge any Loan Party of its duties, obligations, or covenants hereunder or under any other Loan Document and Agent s Liens in the Collateral shall continue to secure the Obligations and shall remain in effect until all Obligations have been paid in full. When all of the Obligations have been paid in full, Agent will, at Borrowers sole expense, execute and deliver any termination statements, lien releases, discharges of security interests, and other similar discharge or release documents (and, if applicable, in recordable form) as are reasonably necessary to release, as of record, Agent s Liens and all notices of security interests and liens previously filed by Agent. 
 3.5. Early Termination by Borrowers . Borrowers have the option, at any time upon five Business Days prior written notice to Agent, to repay all of the Obligations in full and terminate the Commitments. The foregoing notwithstanding, (a) Borrowers may rescind termination notices relative to proposed payments in full of the Obligations with the proceeds of third party Indebtedness if the closing for such issuance or incurrence does not happen on or before the date of the proposed termination (in which case, a new notice shall be required to be sent in connection with any subsequent termination), and (b) Borrowers may extend the date of termination at any time with the consent of Agent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 3.6. Conditions Subsequent . The obligation of the Lender Group (or any member thereof) to continue to make Revolving Loans (or otherwise extend credit hereunder) is subject to the fulfillment, on or before the date applicable thereto, of the conditions subsequent set forth on Schedule 3.6 to this Agreement (the failure by Borrowers to so perform or cause to be performed such conditions subsequent as and when required by the terms thereof (unless such date is extended, in writing, by Agent, which Agent may do without obtaining the consent of the other members of the Lender Group), shall constitute an Event of Default). 
 113 

4. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES. 
 In order to induce the Lender Group to enter into this Agreement, each Borrower makes the following representations and warranties to the Lender Group which shall be true, correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the Closing Date, and shall be true, correct, and complete, in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof), as of the date of the making of each Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit) made thereafter, as though made on and as of the date of such Revolving Loan (or other extension of credit) (except to the extent that such representations and warranties relate solely to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of such earlier date), and such representations and warranties shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement 
 4.1. Due Organization and Qualification Subsidiaries . 
 (a) Each Loan Party and each of its Domestic Subsidiaries (i) is duly incorporated or organized and existing and is, to the extent applicable, in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, (ii) is qualified or registered to do business in any state or jurisdiction where the failure to be so qualified or registered could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and (iii) has all requisite power and authority to own and operate its properties, to carry on its business as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted, to enter into the Loan Documents to which it is a party and to carry out the transactions contemplated thereby. 
 (b) Set forth on Schedule 4.1(b) to this Agreement, as of the Closing Date, is a complete and accurate description of the authorized Equity Interests of OIS, by class, and a description of the number of shares of each such class that are issued and outstanding. 
 (c) Set forth on Schedule 4.1(c) to this Agreement (as such Schedule may be updated from time to time to reflect changes resulting from transactions permitted under this Agreement), is a complete and accurate list of OIS s direct and indirect Subsidiaries, showing the number and the percentage of the outstanding shares of each such class owned directly or indirectly by OIS. All of the outstanding Equity Interests of each such Subsidiary has been validly issued and is fully paid and non-assessable. 
 4.2. Due Authorization No Conflict . 
 (a) As to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such Loan Party. 
 114 

(b) As to each Loan Party, the execution, delivery, and performance by such Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which it is a party do not and will not (i) violate any material provision of federal, state, provincial, foreign or local law or regulation applicable to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Governing Documents of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or any order, judgment, or decree of any court or other Governmental Authority binding on any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute (with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under any material agreement of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries where any such conflict, breach or default could individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, (iii) result in or require the creation or imposition of any Lien of any nature whatsoever upon any assets of any Loan Party, other than Permitted Liens, or (iv) require any approval of any holder of Equity Interests of a Loan Party or any approval or consent of any Person under any material agreement of any Loan Party, other than consents or approvals that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except, in the case of material agreements, for consents or approvals, the failure to obtain could not individually or in the aggregate reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.3. Governmental Consents . The execution, delivery, and performance by each Loan Party of the Loan Documents to which such Loan Party is a party and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents do not and will not require any registration with, consent, or approval of, or notice to, or other action with or by, any Governmental Authority, other than registrations, consents, approvals, notices, or other actions that have been obtained and that are still in force and effect and except for filings and recordings with respect to the Collateral to be made, or otherwise delivered to Agent for filing or recordation, as of the Closing Date. 
 4.4. Binding Obligations Perfected Liens . 
 (a) Each Loan Document has been duly executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is a party thereto and is the legally valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable against such Loan Party in accordance with its respective terms, except as enforcement may be limited by general equitable or discretionary principles whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity or by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, or similar laws relating to or limiting creditors rights generally. 
 (b) Agent s Liens are validly created, perfected (other than (i) in respect of motor vehicles that are subject to a certificate of title, (ii) money, (iii) letter-of-credit rights (other than supporting obligations), (iv) commercial tort claims of the Loan Parties (other than those that, by the terms of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, are required to be perfected), and (v) any Deposit Accounts and Securities Accounts not subject to a Control Agreement as permitted by Section 7(k)(iv) of the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and subject only to the filing of financing statements, and the recordation of any applicable Copyright Security Agreement, in each case, in the appropriate filing offices), and first priority Liens, subject only to Permitted Liens which are non-consensual Permitted Liens, permitted purchase money Liens, or the interests of lessors under Capital Leases. 
 115 

4.5. Title to Assets No Encumbrances . Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has (a) good, sufficient and legal title to (in the case of fee interests in Real Property), (b) valid leasehold interests in (in the case of leasehold interests in real or personal property), and (c) good and marketable title to (in the case of all other personal property), all of their respective assets reflected in their most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5.1 , in each case except for assets disposed of since the date of such financial statements to the extent permitted hereby. All of such assets are free and clear of Liens except for Permitted Liens. 
 4.6. Litigation . 
 (a) There are no actions, suits, or proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, after due inquiry, threatened in writing against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that either individually or in the aggregate could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (b) Schedule 4.6(b) to this Agreement sets forth a complete and accurate description of each of the actions, suits, or proceedings with asserted liabilities in excess of, or that could reasonably be expected to result in liabilities in excess of, an amount that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect that, as of the Closing Date, is pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, after due inquiry, threatened against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries. 
 4.7. Compliance with Laws . No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries (a) is in violation of any applicable laws, rules, regulations, executive orders, or codes (including Environmental Laws) that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (b) is subject to or in default with respect to any final judgments, writs, injunctions, decrees, rules or regulations of any court or any federal, state, municipal or other governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, that, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.8. No Material Adverse Effect . All historical financial statements relating to the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries that have been delivered by Borrowers to Agent have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited financial statements, for the lack of footnotes and being subject to year-end audit adjustments) and present fairly in all material respects, the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries consolidated financial condition as of the date thereof and results of operations for the period then ended. Since December 31, 2019, no event, circumstance, or change has occurred that has or could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.9. Solvency . 
 (a) Each Loan Party is Solvent. 
 116 

(b) No transfer of property is being made by any Loan Party and no obligation is being incurred by any Loan Party in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with the intent to hinder, delay, or defraud either present or future creditors of such Loan Party. 
 4.10. Employee Benefits . 
 (a) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each of the ERISA Affiliates has complied in all material respects with ERISA, the IRC and all applicable laws regarding each Employee Benefit Plan. 
 (b) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Employee Benefit Plan is, and has been, maintained in substantial compliance with ERISA, the IRC (if applicable), all applicable laws and the terms of each such Employee Benefit Plan. 
 (c) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Employee Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the IRC has received a favorable determination letter from the Internal Revenue Service or is entitled to rely on an opinion letter provided under a volume submitted program. To the best knowledge of each Loan Party and the ERISA Affiliates after due inquiry, nothing has occurred which would prevent, or cause the loss of, such qualification. 
 (d) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no liability to the PBGC (other than for the payment of current premiums which are not past due) by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has been incurred or is expected by any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate to be incurred with respect to any Pension Plan. 
 (e) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no Notification Event exists or has occurred in the past six (6) years. 
 (f) Except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate has provided any security under Section 436 of the IRC. 
 4.11. Environmental Condition . Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect or as set forth on Schedule 4.11 to this Agreement, (a) to the knowledge of Borrower, no Loan Party s nor any of its Subsidiaries properties or assets has ever been used by a Loan Party, its Subsidiaries, or by previous owners or operators in the disposal of, or to produce, store, handle, treat, release, or transport, any Hazardous Materials, where such disposal, production, storage, handling, treatment, release or transport was in violation of any applicable Environmental Law or that would be reasonably likely to result in an Environmental Action against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, (b) to the knowledge of Borrower, no Loan Party s nor any of its Subsidiaries owned or operated properties is designated or identified in any list promulgated by any Governmental Authority pursuant to any environmental protection statute as a Hazardous 
 117 

Materials disposal site, (c) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries has received notice that a Lien arising under any Environmental Law has attached to any revenues or to any Real Property owned or operated by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, (d) each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries have been operating in compliance with Environmental Law, and (e) no Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor any of their respective facilities or operations is subject to any outstanding written order, consent decree, or settlement agreement with any Governmental Authority or Person relating to any Environmental Law or Environmental Liability. 
 4.12. Complete Disclosure . All factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about Borrowers industry) furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender (including all information contained in the Schedules hereto or in the other Loan Documents) for purposes of or in connection with this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, and all other such factual information taken as a whole (other than forward-looking information and projections and information of a general economic nature and general information about Borrowers industry) hereafter furnished by or on behalf of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries in writing to Agent or any Lender will be, true and accurate, in all material respects, on the date as of which such information is dated or certified and not incomplete by omitting to state any material fact necessary to make such information (taken as a whole) not misleading in any material respect at such time in light of the circumstances under which such information was provided. The Projections delivered to Agent on February 3, 2021, represent, and as of the date on which any other Projections are delivered to Agent, such additional Projections represent, Borrowers good faith estimate, on the date such Projections are delivered, of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries future performance for the periods covered thereby based upon assumptions believed by Borrowers to be reasonable at the time of the delivery thereof to Agent (it being understood that such Projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, and no assurances can be given that such Projections will be realized, and although reflecting Borrowers good faith estimate, projections or forecasts based on methods and assumptions which Borrowers believed to be reasonable at the time such Projections were prepared, are not to be viewed as facts, and that actual results during the period or periods covered by the Projections may differ materially from projected or estimated results). The information provided in any Beneficial Ownership Certificate delivered under this Agreement is true and correct in all respects on the date on which such Beneficial Ownership Certificate is delivered. 
 4.13. Patriot Act, Etc . To the extent applicable, each Loan Party is in compliance, in all material respects, with the (a) Trading with the Enemy Act, as amended, and each of the foreign assets control regulations of the United States Treasury Department (31 CFR, Subtitle B, Chapter V, as amended) and any other enabling legislation or executive order relating thereto, and (b) Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism (USA Patriot Act of 2001, as amended) (the Patriot Act ). 
 118 

4.14. Indebtedness . Set forth on Schedule 4.14 to this Agreement is a true and complete list of all Indebtedness of each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date (other than unsecured Permitted Indebtedness outstanding immediately prior to the Closing Date with respect to any one transaction or a series of related transactions in an amount not to exceed 1,000,000 provided , that all such Permitted Indebtedness, in the aggregate, shall not exceed 5,000,000) that is to remain outstanding immediately after giving effect to the closing hereunder on the Closing Date and such Schedule accurately sets forth the aggregate principal amount of such Indebtedness as of the Closing Date. 
 4.15. Payment of Taxes . Except as otherwise permitted under Section 5.5 , all material Tax returns and reports of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries required to be filed by any of them have been timely filed, and all Taxes shown on such Tax returns to be due and payable and all other material Taxes upon a Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and upon their respective assets, income, businesses and franchises that are due and payable have been paid when due and payable. Each Loan Party and each of its Subsidiaries have made adequate provision in accordance with GAAP for all Taxes not yet due and payable. No Borrower knows of any proposed Tax assessment against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect that is not being actively contested by such Loan Party or such Subsidiary diligently, in good faith, and by appropriate proceedings provided , that such reserves or other appropriate provisions, if any, as shall be required in conformity with GAAP shall have been made or provided therefor. 
 4.16. Margin Stock . Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any Margin Stock or is engaged principally, or as one of its important activities, in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. No part of the proceeds of the Loans made to Borrowers will be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors. Neither any Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries expects to acquire any Margin Stock. 
 4.17. Governmental Regulation . No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to regulation under the Federal Power Act or the Investment Company Act of 1940 or under any other federal or state statute or regulation which may limit its ability to incur Indebtedness or which may otherwise render all or any portion of the Obligations unenforceable. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries is a registered investment company or a company controlled by a registered investment company or a principal underwriter of a registered investment company as such terms are defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940. 
 4.18. OFAC Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws . No Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is in violation of any Sanctions. No Loan Party nor any of its Subsidiaries nor, to the knowledge of such Loan Party, any director, officer, employee, agent or Affiliate of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary (a) is a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, (b) has any assets located in Sanctioned Entities, or (c) derives revenues from investments in, or transactions with Sanctioned Persons or Sanctioned Entities. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures 
 119 

reasonably designed to ensure compliance with Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of each such Loan Party, each director, officer, employee, agent and Affiliate of each such Loan Party and each such Subsidiary, is in compliance (i) with all Sanctions and (ii) in all material respects, with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. No proceeds of any Loan made or Letter of Credit issued hereunder will be used to fund any operations in, finance any investments or activities in, or make any payments to, a Sanctioned Person or a Sanctioned Entity, or otherwise used in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanction, Anti-Corruption Law or Anti-Money Laundering Law by any Person (including any Lender, Bank Product Provider, or other individual or entity participating in any transaction). 
 4.19. Employee and Labor Matters . There is (i) no unfair labor practice complaint pending or, to the knowledge of any Borrower, threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority and no grievance or arbitration proceeding pending or threatened against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries which arises out of or under any collective bargaining agreement and that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) no strike, labor dispute, slowdown, stoppage or similar action or grievance pending or threatened in writing against any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, or (iii) to the knowledge of any Borrower, after due inquiry, no union representation question existing with respect to the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries and no union organizing activity taking place with respect to any of the employees of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries has incurred any liability or obligation under the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act or similar state, provincial or other applicable law, which remains unpaid or unsatisfied, except to the extent a failure to pay or satisfy such liability or obligation could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The hours worked and payments made to employees of each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable legal requirements, except to the extent such violations could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of Borrowers, except where the failure to do so could not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 4.20. Reserved . 
 4.21. Leases . Each Loan Party and its Subsidiaries enjoy peaceful and undisturbed possession under all leases material to their business and to which they are parties or under which they are operating, and, subject to Permitted Protests, all of such material leases are valid and subsisting and no material default by the applicable Loan Party or its Subsidiaries exists under any of them. 
 4.22. Eligible Accounts . As to each Account that is identified by Borrowers as an Eligible Account in a Borrowing Base Certificate submitted to Agent, such Account is (a) a bona 
 120 

fide existing payment obligation of the applicable Account Debtor created by the sale and delivery of Inventory or the rendition of services to such Account Debtor in the ordinary course of a Loan Party s business, (b) owed to a Loan Party without any known defenses, disputes, offsets, counterclaims, or rights of return or cancellation, and (c) not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria (other than any Agent-discretionary criteria) set forth in the definition of Eligible Accounts . 
 4.23. Eligible Inventory . As to each item of Inventory that is identified by Borrowers as Eligible Inventory, Eligible Finished Goods Inventory, or Eligible Raw Materials Inventory in a Borrowing Base Certificate submitted to Agent, such Inventory is (a) of good and merchantable quality, free from known defects, and (b) not excluded as ineligible by virtue of one or more of the excluding criteria (other than any Agent-discretionary criteria) set forth in the definition of Eligible Inventory . 
 4.24. Reserved . 
 4.25. Location of Inventory . All Inventory of the Loan Parties is stored only at a Permitted Location. 
 4.26. Inventory Records . Each Loan Party keeps correct and accurate records itemizing and describing the type, quality, and quantity of its and its Subsidiaries Inventory and the book value thereof. 
 4.27. Reserved . 
 4.28. Reserved . 
 4.29. Reserved . 
 4.30. Hedge Agreements . On each date that any Hedge Agreement is executed by any Hedge Provider, Borrower and each other Loan Party satisfy all eligibility, suitability and other requirements under the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1, et seq., as in effect from time to time) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission regulations. 
 5. AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS. 
 Each Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and payment in full of the Obligations 
 5.1. Financial Statements, Reports, Certificates . Borrowers (a) will deliver to Agent, with copies to each Lender, each of the financial statements, reports, and other items set forth on Schedule 5.1 to this Agreement no later than the times specified therein, (b) agree that no Subsidiary of a Loan Party (other than Oil States Industries (India) Private Limited) will have a fiscal year different from that of OIS, (c) agree to maintain a system of accounting that enables Borrowers to produce financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and (d) agree that they will, and will cause each other Loan Party to, (i) keep a reporting system that shows all additions, sales, claims, returns, and allowances with respect to their and their Subsidiaries sales, and 
 121 

(ii) maintain their billing systems and practices substantially as in effect as of the Closing Date and shall only make material modifications thereto with notice to, and with the consent of, Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned, or delayed). 
 5.2. Reporting . Borrowers (a) will deliver to Agent (and if so requested by Agent, with copies for each Lender) each of the reports set forth on Schedule 5.2 to this Agreement at the times specified therein, and (b) agree to use commercially reasonable efforts in cooperation with Agent to facilitate and implement a system of electronic collateral reporting in order to provide electronic reporting of each of the items set forth on such Schedule. Borrowers and Agent hereby agree that the delivery of the Borrowing Base Certificate through the Agent s electronic platform or portal, subject to Agent s authentication process, by such other electronic method as may be approved by Agent from time to time in its sole discretion, or by such other electronic input of information necessary to calculate the Borrowing Bases as may be approved by Agent from time to time in its sole discretion, shall in each case be deemed to satisfy the obligation of Borrowers to deliver such Borrowing Base Certificate, with the same legal effect as if such Borrowing Base Certificate had been manually executed by Borrowers and delivered to Agent. 
 5.3. Existence . Except as otherwise permitted under Section 6.3 or Section 6.4 , each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at all times preserve and keep in full force and effect such Person s valid existence and good standing (or its equivalent) in its jurisdiction of organization and, except as could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, good standing with respect to all other jurisdictions in which it is qualified to do business and any rights, franchises, permits, licenses, accreditations, authorizations, or other approvals material to their businesses. 
 5.4. Maintenance of Properties . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, maintain and preserve all of its assets that are necessary or useful in the proper conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear, tear, casualty, and condemnation and Permitted Dispositions excepted (and except where the failure to so maintain and preserve assets could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect). 
 5.5. Taxes . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, pay in full before delinquency or before the expiration of any extension period all material Taxes imposed, levied, or assessed against it, or any of its assets or in respect of any of its income, capital, businesses, or franchises, other than to the extent that the validity of such Tax is the subject of a Permitted Protest. 
 5.6. Insurance . 
 (a) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, at Borrowers expense, maintain insurance respecting each of each Loan Party s and its Subsidiaries assets wherever located, covering liabilities, losses or damages as are customarily are insured against by other Persons engaged in the same or similar businesses and similarly situated and located. All such policies of insurance shall be with financially sound and reputable 
 122 

insurance companies which are (in the case of policies with a policy limit in excess of 1,000,000) reasonably acceptable to Agent (it being agreed that, as of the Closing Date, the Loan Parties existing insurance providers as set forth in the certificates of insurance delivered to Agent on or about the Closing Date shall be deemed to be reasonably acceptable to Agent) and in such amounts as is carried generally in accordance with sound business practice by companies in similar businesses similarly situated and located and, in any event, in amount, adequacy, and scope reasonably satisfactory to Agent (it being agreed that the amount, adequacy, and scope of the policies of insurance of Borrowers in effect as of the Closing Date are reasonably acceptable to Agent). All property insurance policies are to be made payable to Agent for the benefit of Agent and the Lenders, as their interests may appear, in case of loss, pursuant to a standard lender s loss payable endorsement with a standard non-contributory lender , secured party or first loss payee clause and are to contain such other provisions as Agent may reasonably require to fully protect the Lenders interest in the Collateral and to any payments to be made under such policies. All certificates of property and general liability insurance are to be delivered to Agent, with the lender s loss payable and additional insured endorsements in favor of Agent and shall provide for not less than thirty days (ten days in the case of non-payment) prior written notice to Agent of the exercise of any right of cancellation. If any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries fails to maintain such insurance, Agent may arrange for such insurance, but at Borrowers expense and without any responsibility on Agent s part for obtaining the insurance, the solvency of the insurance companies, the adequacy of the coverage, or the collection of claims. 
 (b) Borrowers shall give Agent prompt notice of any loss exceeding 10,000,000 covered by the casualty or business interruption insurance of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, Agent shall have the sole right to file claims under any property and general liability insurance policies in respect of the Collateral, to receive, receipt and give acquittance for any payments that may be payable thereunder, and to execute any and all endorsements, receipts, releases, assignments, reassignments or other documents that may be necessary to effect the collection, compromise or settlement of any claims under any such insurance policies. 
 5.7. Inspection . 
 (a) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit Agent, any Lender, and each of their respective duly authorized representatives or agents to visit any of its properties and inspect any of its assets or books and records, to examine and make copies of its books and records, and to discuss its affairs, finances, and accounts with, and to be advised as to the same by, its officers and employees provided , that an authorized representative of a Borrower shall be allowed to be present) at such reasonable times and intervals as Agent or any Lender, as applicable, may designate and, so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, with reasonable prior notice to Borrowers and during regular business hours, at Borrowers expense in accordance with the provisions of this Agreement, subject to the limitations set forth below in Section 5.7(c) . 
 123 

(b) Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, permit Agent and each of its duly authorized representatives or agents to conduct field examinations, appraisals or valuations at such reasonable times and intervals as Agent may designate, at Borrowers expense in accordance with the provisions of the Fee Letter, subject to the limitations set forth below in Section 5.7(c) . 
 (c) So long as no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing during a calendar year, Borrowers shall not be obligated to reimburse Agent for more than one field examinations in such calendar year (increasing to two field examinations if an Increased Inspection Event has occurred during such calendar year), and one inventory appraisals in such calendar year (increasing to two inventory appraisals if an Increased Inspection Event has occurred during such calendar year), in each case, except for field examinations and appraisals conducted in connection with a proposed Permitted Acquisition (whether or not consummated). 
 5.8. Compliance with Laws . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply with the requirements of all applicable laws, rules, regulations, and orders of any Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), other than laws, rules, regulations, and orders the non-compliance with which, individually or in the aggregate, could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 5.9. Environmental . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, 
 (a) Keep any property either owned or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries free of any Environmental Liens or post bonds or other financial assurances sufficient to satisfy the obligations or liability evidenced by such Environmental Liens, 
 (b) Promptly notify Agent of any release of a Hazardous Material in a quantity reportable under Environmental Law of which any Loan Party has knowledge from or onto property owned or operated by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, and take any Remedial Actions required under Environmental Law to abate said release or otherwise to come into compliance, in all material respects, with applicable Environmental Law, and 
 (c) Promptly, but in any event within ten Business Days of its receipt thereof, provide Agent with written notice of any of the following (i) notice that an Environmental Lien has been filed against any of the real or personal property of a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries and (ii) notice of any Environmental Action against or involving a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or notice that such an Environmental Action may be commenced. 
 5.10. Disclosure Updates . Each Loan Party will, promptly and in no event later than five Business Days after obtaining knowledge thereof, notify Agent if any written information, exhibit, or report furnished to Agent or the Lenders contained, at the time it was furnished, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein not misleading in light of the circumstances in which made. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, any notification pursuant to the foregoing provision will not cure or remedy the effect of the prior untrue statement of a material fact or omission of 
 124 

any material fact nor shall any such notification have the effect of amending or modifying this Agreement or any of the Schedules hereto. 
 5.11. Formation of Subsidiaries . Each Loan Party will, at the time that any Loan Party forms any direct or indirect Subsidiary, acquires any direct or indirect Subsidiary after the Closing Date, or at any time when any direct or indirect Subsidiary of a Loan Party that previously was an Immaterial Subsidiary becomes a Material Subsidiary, within 30 days after such event or, with respect to the pledge of any Equity Interests issued by a CFC or FSHCO, 60 days (or, in any case, such later date as agreed by Agent in its discretion) (a) unless such Subsidiary is an Excluded Subsidiary, cause such new Subsidiary (i) if such Subsidiary is a Domestic Subsidiary and Administrative Borrower requests, subject to the consent of Agent, that such Domestic Subsidiary be joined as a Borrower hereunder, to provide to Agent a Joinder to this Agreement, and (ii) to provide to Agent a joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, in each case, together with such other security agreements, as well as appropriate financing statements, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent (including being sufficient to grant Agent a first priority Lien (subject to Permitted Liens) in and to the assets of such newly formed or acquired Subsidiary) provided , that the Joinder, the joinder to the Guaranty and Security Agreement, and such other security agreements shall not be required to be provided to Agent with respect to any Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is a CFC or the costs to the Loan Parties of providing such guaranty or such security agreements are unreasonably excessive (as determined by Agent in consultation with the Administrative Borrower) in relation to the benefits to Agent and the Lenders of the security or guarantee afforded thereby, (b) provide, or cause the applicable Loan Party to provide, to Agent a pledge agreement (or an addendum to the Guaranty and Security Agreement) and appropriate certificates and powers or financing statements, pledging all of the direct or beneficial ownership interest in such new Subsidiary in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent provided , that only 65 of the total outstanding voting Equity Interests of any first tier Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is a CFC or a FSHCO (and none of the Equity Interests of any Subsidiary of such CFC or FSHCO, as applicable) shall be required to be pledged or the costs to the Loan Parties of providing such pledge are unreasonably excessive (as determined by Agent in consultation with the Administrative Borrower) in relation to the benefits to Agent and the Lenders of the security afforded thereby, and (c) provide to Agent all other documentation, including the Governing Documents of such Subsidiary and one or more opinions of counsel reasonably satisfactory to Agent, which, in its opinion, is appropriate with respect to the execution and delivery of the applicable documentation referred to above. Any document, agreement, or instrument executed or issued pursuant to this Section 5.11 shall constitute a Loan Document. No Person which becomes a Guarantor after the Closing Date shall constitute a Borrowing Base Party without Agent s prior written consent (which shall not be unreasonably withheld). 
 5.12. Further Assurances . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of the other Loan Parties to, at any time upon the reasonable request of Agent, execute or deliver to Agent any and all financing statements, security agreements, pledges, assignments, opinions of counsel, and all other documents (the Additional Documents that Agent may reasonably request in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, to create, perfect, and continue perfected or 
 125 

to better perfect Agent s Liens in all of the assets of each of the Loan Parties (whether now owned or hereafter arising or acquired, tangible or intangible) (other than (A) any assets expressly excluded from the Collateral (as defined in the Guaranty and Security Agreement) pursuant to Section 3 of the Guaranty and Security Agreement and (B) Real Property), to fully consummate all of the transactions contemplated hereby and under the other Loan Documents provided , that the foregoing shall not apply to any Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is a CFC or the costs to the Loan Parties of providing such documents are unreasonably excessive (as determined by Agent in consultation with the Administrative Borrower) in relation to the benefits to Agent and the Lenders of the security afforded thereby. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, if any Borrower or any other Loan Party refuses or fails to execute or deliver any reasonably requested Additional Documents within a reasonable period of time not to exceed 10 Business Days (or such later date as Agent may agree in its sole discretion) following the receipt of a written request to do so, each Borrower and each other Loan Party hereby authorizes Agent to execute any such Additional Documents in the applicable Loan Party s name and authorizes Agent to file such executed Additional Documents in any appropriate filing office. In furtherance of, and not in limitation of, the foregoing, each Loan Party shall take such actions as Agent may reasonably request from time to time to ensure that the Obligations are guaranteed by the Guarantors and are secured by substantially all of the assets of the Loan Parties, including all of the outstanding capital Equity Interests of each Loan Party (other than OIS) and, to the extent otherwise required by Sections 5.11 or 5.12 , its Subsidiaries (in each case, other than with respect to (A) any assets expressly excluded from the Collateral (as defined in the applicable Guaranty and Security Agreement) pursuant to Section 3 of the applicable Guaranty and Security Agreement and (B) Real Property). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein (including Section 5.11 hereof and this Section 5.12 or in any other Loan Document, Agent shall not accept delivery of any joinder to any Loan Document with respect to any Subsidiary if such Subsidiary qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation unless (1) OIS or such Subsidiary has delivered a Beneficial Ownership Certification to Agent and each Lender that has requested a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Subsidiary and (2) Agent and each Lender has completed its Patriot Act searches, OFAC PEP searches and customary individual background checks for such Subsidiary, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent and each Lender. 
 5.13. Reserved . 
 5.14. Location of Inventory Chief Executive Office . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Domestic Subsidiaries to, keep (a) their Inventory only at Permitted Locations and (b) their respective chief executive or registered offices only at the locations identified on Schedule 7 to the Guaranty and Security Agreement. Each Loan Party will use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain Collateral Access Agreements for each of the locations identified on Schedule 7 to the applicable Guaranty and Security Agreement and Schedule 4.25 to this Agreement. Each Loan Party shall, promptly upon Agent s request, provide a reasonably detailed listing of all Inventory located at Permitted Locations, which shall be in a form reasonably requested by the Agent. 
 126 

5.15. OFAC Sanctions Anti-Corruption Laws Anti-Money Laundering Laws . Each Loan Party will, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries to, comply (i) with all applicable Sanctions and (ii) in all material respects, with all Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. Each of the Loan Parties and its Subsidiaries shall implement and maintain in effect policies and procedures reasonably designed to ensure compliance by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and Affiliates with Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws and Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 5.16. Reserved . 
 5.17. Employee Benefits . Each Borrower will maintain and operate, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to maintain and operate, each Employee Benefit Plan in accordance with all applicable laws except where the failure to maintain or operate such an Employee Benefit Plan in accordance with applicable law could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. Each Borrower will notify Agent within ten Business Days of (i) the formation of, or undertaking the duty to make a contribution to, any Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan (other than contributions to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan in place as of the date of this Agreement), or (ii) the receipt of any written notice from any Governmental Authority that any Loan Party has liability for excise taxes, fines, penalties, or damages for breach of fiduciary duty with respect to any Employee Benefit Plan or Multiemployer Plan under ERISA or the IRC, except, in each case, where the liability could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 6. NEGATIVE COVENANTS. 
 Each Borrower covenants and agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and the payment in full of the Obligations 
 6.1. Indebtedness . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, suffer to exist, guarantee, or otherwise become or remain, directly or indirectly, liable with respect to any Indebtedness, except for Permitted Indebtedness. 
 6.2. Liens . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on or with respect to any of its assets, of any kind, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or any income or profits therefrom, except for Permitted Liens. 
 6.3. Restrictions on Fundamental Changes . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, 
 (a) Other than in order to consummate a Permitted Acquisition, enter into any merger, amalgamation, consolidation, reorganization, or recapitalization, or reclassify its Equity Interests, except for (i) any merger or amalgamation between Loan Parties provided , if a Loan Party is party to any such transaction, then a Loan Party shall be the surviving or continuing entity thereof and, if a Borrower is party to any such transaction, then a Borrower shall be the surviving or continuing entity thereof, and if OIS is party to any such transaction, then OIS shall 
 127 

be the surviving or continuing entity thereof, (ii) any merger or amalgamation between a Loan Party and a Subsidiary of such Loan Party that is not a Loan Party so long as such Loan Party is the surviving entity of any such merger or amalgamation (or, in the case of an amalgamation, the continuing corporation resulting therefrom must be liable for the Obligations of such Loan Party under the Loan Documents), and (iii) any merger or amalgamation between Subsidiaries of any Loan Party that are not Loan Parties, 
 (b) liquidate, wind up, or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation, winding up or dissolution), except for (i) the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of non-operating Subsidiaries of any Loan Party with nominal assets and nominal liabilities, (ii) the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of a Loan Party (other than any Borrower) or any of its wholly-owned Subsidiaries so long as all of the assets (including any interest in any Equity Interests) of such Loan Party or Subsidiary are transferred to a Loan Party that is not liquidating, winding up or dissolving, or (iii) the liquidation, winding up or dissolution of a Subsidiary of any Loan Party that is not a Loan Party if the Borrowers determine in good faith that such liquidation, winding up or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrowers, so long as all of the assets of such liquidating, winding up or dissolving Subsidiary are transferred to a Subsidiary of a Loan Party that is not liquidating, winding up or dissolving, 
 (c) suspend or cease operating a substantial portion of its or their business, taken as a whole, except as permitted pursuant to clauses (a) or (b) above or in connection with a transaction permitted under Section 6.4 , or 
 (d) change its classification status for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
 6.4. Disposal of Assets . Other than Permitted Dispositions or transactions expressly permitted by Sections 6.3 or 6.9 , each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, convey, sell, lease, license, assign, transfer, or otherwise dispose of any of its or their assets (including by an allocation of assets among newly divided limited liability companies pursuant to a plan of division ). 
 6.5. Nature of Business . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any change in the nature of its or their business as described in Schedule 6.5 to this Agreement or acquire any properties or assets that are not reasonably related to the conduct of such business activities provided , that the foregoing shall not prevent any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries from engaging in any business that is reasonably related or ancillary to its or their business. 
 6.6. Prepayments and Amendments . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, 
 (a) Except in connection with Refinancing Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.1 or with Qualified Equity Interests, 
 (i) optionally prepay, redeem, defease, purchase, or otherwise acquire any Indebtedness of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, other than (A) the Obligations in 
 128 

accordance with this Agreement, (B) Hedge Obligations, (C) Permitted Intercompany Advances, (D) the 2023 Senior Notes or the 2026 Senior Notes, so long as (1) such payment is made solely with Pass-Through Proceeds or Excluded Equity Proceeds, (2) at the time such payment on the 2023 Senior Notes or the 2026 Senior Notes, as applicable, is made and immediately after giving effect thereto, no Event of Default exists, (3) the Administrative Borrower shall have given Agent prior written notice of such payment, and (4) on the date on which such payment is made, the Administrative Borrower shall have provided Agent with a certificate of a Responsible Officer regarding such payment in which such Responsible Officer (aa) certifies that the conditions precedent to such payment set forth in the foregoing clauses (1) through (3) have been satisfied (bb) demonstrates to Agent s satisfaction that the proceeds used to make such payment constituted either (x) Pass-Through Proceeds (including by demonstrating that such proceeds satisfy the conditions set forth in the definition of Pass-Through Proceeds or (y) demonstrates to Agent s satisfaction that the proceeds used to make such payment constituted Excluded Equity Proceeds (including by demonstrating that such proceeds satisfy the conditions set forth in the definition of Excluded Equity Proceeds and (cc) attaches thereto a Pass-Through Proceeds Accounting or Excluded Equity Accounting, as applicable (all of which shall be prepared as of the date on which such payment is to be made and after giving effect thereto), with respect to all proceeds used to make such payment, or (E) any Indebtedness so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied, or 
 (ii) make any payment on account of Indebtedness that has been contractually subordinated in right of payment to the Obligations if such payment is not permitted at such time under the subordination terms and conditions, or 
 (b) Directly or indirectly, amend, modify, or change any of the terms or provisions of 
 (i) any agreement, instrument, document, indenture, or other writing evidencing or concerning Permitted Indebtedness other than (A) the Obligations in accordance with this Agreement, (B) Hedge Obligations, (C) Permitted Intercompany Advances, and (D) Indebtedness permitted under clauses (c), (h), and (k) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness if the effect thereof, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders, or 
 (ii) the Governing Documents of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries if the effect thereof, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the interests of the Lenders. 
 6.7. Restricted Payments . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, make any Restricted Payment provided , that so long as it is permitted by law, 
 (a) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, OIS may make distributions to employees, former employees, officers, or directors of OIS (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the 
 129 

foregoing) on account of redemptions of Equity Interests of OIS held by such Persons provided , that the aggregate amount of such redemptions made by OIS during the term of this Agreement plus the amount of Indebtedness outstanding under clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness and the following clause (b), does not exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate, 
 (b) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, OIS may make distributions to employees, former employees, officers, or directors of OIS (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing), solely in the form of forgiveness of Indebtedness of such Persons owing to OIS on account of repurchases of the Equity Interests of OIS held by such Persons provided , that such Indebtedness was incurred by such Persons solely to acquire Equity Interests of OIS provided , further , that the aggregate amount of such forgiveness made by OIS during the term of this Agreement plus the amount of Indebtedness outstanding under clause (l) of the definition of Permitted Indebtedness and the foregoing clause (a), does not exceed 5,000,000 in the aggregate, 
 (c) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, OIS may redeem Equity Interests of OIS granted to employees, officers, or directors of OIS (or any spouses, ex-spouses, or estates of any of the foregoing), solely to the extent required to pay withholding taxes incurred by such Persons on account of Equity Interests of OIS granted to such Persons in connection with compensation and incentive programs, 
 (d) so long as no Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing or would result therefrom, OIS s Subsidiaries may make distributions to OIS (i) in an amount sufficient to pay franchise taxes and other fees required to maintain the legal existence of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries to the extent actually used by OIS to pay such taxes, costs and expenses, and (ii) in an amount sufficient to pay out-of-pocket legal, accounting and filing costs and other expenses in the nature of overhead in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, 
 (e) any wholly-owned Subsidiary may make Restricted Payments to its parent, and 
 (f) the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries may make other Restricted Payments so long as the Payment Conditions are satisfied. 
 6.8. Accounting Methods . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, modify or change its fiscal year or its method of accounting (other than as may be required to conform to GAAP). 
 6.9. Investments . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, make or acquire any Investment or incur any liabilities (including contingent obligations) for or in connection with any Investment except for Permitted Investments. 
 130 

6.10. Transactions with Affiliates . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, directly or indirectly, enter into or permit to exist any transaction with any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries except for 
 (a) transactions between such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any Affiliate of such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, on the other hand, so long as such transactions are no less favorable, taken as a whole, to such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, as applicable, than would be obtained in an arm s length transaction with a non-Affiliate (provided, that if a Loan Party and any Subsidiary which is not a Loan Party are parties to such transaction, such transaction shall be no less favorable to the applicable Loan Party), 
 (b) any indemnity provided for the benefit of directors (or comparable managers) of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries so long as it has been approved by such Loan Party s or such Subsidiary s board of directors (or comparable governing body) in accordance with applicable law, 
 (c) the payment of reasonable compensation, severance, or employee benefit arrangements to employees, officers, and outside directors of a Loan Party or one of its Subsidiaries in the Ordinary Course of Business and consistent with industry practice so long as it has been approved by such Loan Party s or such Subsidiary s board of directors (or comparable governing body) in accordance with applicable law, 
 (d) (i) transactions solely among the Loan Parties and (ii) transactions solely among Subsidiaries of Loan Parties that are not Loan Parties, 
 (e) transactions permitted by Section 6.1 (to the extent relating to Permitted Intercompany Advances), Section 6.3 , Section 6.7 , or Section 6.9 , 
 (f) agreements for the non-exclusive licensing of intellectual property, or distribution of products, in each case, among the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries for the purpose of the counterparty thereof operating its business, and agreements for the assignment of intellectual property from any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries to any Loan Party, and 
 (g) transactions conducted among the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business in a manner consistent with past practice (provided, that any single transaction or series of related transactions involving consideration which exceeds or are anticipated to exceed 500,000 shall require the prior written consent of the Agent in its sole discretion). 
 6.11. Use of Proceeds . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, use the proceeds of any Loan made hereunder for any purpose other than (a) on the Closing Date, (i) to repay, in full, the outstanding principal, accrued interest, and accrued fees and expenses owing under or in connection with the Existing Credit Facility, and (ii) to pay the fees, costs, and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, in each case, as set forth in the Flow of Funds Agreement, and (b) consistent with the terms and conditions hereof, for their lawful and 
 131 

permitted general corporate purposes provided that (x) no part of the proceeds of the Loans will be used to purchase or carry any such Margin Stock or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any such Margin Stock or for any purpose that violates the provisions of Regulation T, U or X of the Board of Governors, (y) no part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, to make any payments to a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund any investments, loans or contributions in, or otherwise make such proceeds available to, a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, to fund any operations, activities or business of a Sanctioned Entity or a Sanctioned Person, or in any other manner that would result in a violation of Sanctions by any Person, and (z) that no part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit will be used, directly or indirectly, in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Sanctions, Anti-Corruption Laws or Anti-Money Laundering Laws. 
 6.12. Limitation on Issuance of Equity Interests . Each Loan Party (other than OIS) will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, issue or sell any of its Equity Interests to any Person other than a Loan Party, 
 6.13. Inventory with Bailees . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, store its Inventory at any time with a bailee, warehouseman, or similar party except at Permitted Locations. 
 6.14. Negative Pledge . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Domestic Subsidiaries to, create, incur, assume, or suffer to exist, directly or indirectly, any Lien on or with respect to any of its Real Property to the extent such Lien secures Indebtedness described in clauses (a), (b), (d), (f), or (h) of the definition of Indebtedness (other than the Obligations and Indebtedness which constitutes Permitted Purchase Money Indebtedness). 
 6.15. Hedge Agreements . Each Loan Party will not, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to, enter into any Hedge Agreement other than for the bona fide purpose of hedging the interest rate, commodity, or foreign currency risks associated with such Loan Party s or such Subsidiary s operations and not for speculative purposes. 
 7. FINANCIAL COVENANT. 
 OIS covenants and agrees that, until the termination of all of the Commitments and the payment in full of the Obligations, OIS will maintain a Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio, calculated for each 12 month period ending on the first day of any Covenant Testing Period and the last day of each fiscal month occurring until the end of any Covenant Testing Period (including the last day thereof), in each case of at least 1.00 to 1.00. 
 8. EVENTS OF DEFAULT. 
 Any one or more of the following events shall constitute an event of default (each, an Event of Default under this Agreement 
 132 

8.1. Payments . If Borrowers fail to pay when due and payable, or when declared due and payable, (a) all or any portion of the Obligations consisting of interest, fees, or charges due the Lender Group, reimbursement of Lender Group Expenses, or other amounts (other than any portion thereof constituting principal) constituting Obligations (including any portion thereof that accrues after the commencement of an Insolvency Proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in whole or in part as a claim in any such Insolvency Proceeding), and such failure continues for a period of three Business Days (or five Business Days after Agent has made a demand therefor, in the case of expenses which are reimbursable or indemnified by a Loan Party under this Agreement or any other Loan Document), (b) all or any portion of the principal of the Loans, or (c) any amount payable to the applicable Issuing Bank in reimbursement of any drawing under a Letter of Credit 
 8.2. Covenants . If any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries 
 (a) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of (i) Sections 3.6 , 5.1 , 5.2 , 5.3 (solely if any Loan Party is not in good standing (or its equivalent) in its jurisdiction of organization), 5.7 (solely if any Loan Party refuses to allow Agent or its representatives or agents to visit any Loan Party s properties, inspect its assets or books or records, examine and make copies of its books and records, or discuss the Loan Parties affairs, finances, and accounts with officers and employees of any Loan Party), 5.10 , 5.11 , or 5.14 of this Agreement, (ii) Section 6 of this Agreement, (iii) Section 7 of this Agreement, or (iv) Section 7 of the applicable Guaranty and Security Agreement 
 (b) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in any of Sections 5.3 (other than if any Loan Party is not in good standing (or its equivalent) in its jurisdiction of organization), 5.4 , 5.6 , 5.8 , and 5.12 of this Agreement and such failure continues for a period of ten days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of any Borrower, or (ii) the date on which written notice thereof is given to Borrowers by Agent or 
 (c) fails to perform or observe any covenant or other agreement contained in this Agreement, or in any of the other Loan Documents, in each case, other than any such covenant or agreement that is the subject of another provision of this Section 8 (in which event such other provision of this Section 8 shall govern), and such failure continues for a period of thirty days after the earlier of (i) the date on which such failure shall first become known to any officer of any Borrower, or (ii) the date on which written notice thereof is given to Borrowers by Agent 
 8.3. Judgments . If one or more judgments, orders, requirements to pay issued by any Governmental Authority or awards for the payment of money involving an aggregate amount of 17,500,000, or more (except to the extent fully covered (other than to the extent of customary deductibles) by insurance pursuant to which the insurer has not denied coverage) is entered or filed against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries, or with respect to any of their respective assets, and either (a) there is a period of thirty consecutive days at any time after the entry of any such judgment, order, or award during which (i) the same is not discharged, satisfied, vacated, or 
 133 

bonded pending appeal, or (ii) a stay of enforcement thereof is not in effect, or (b) enforcement proceedings are commenced upon such judgment, order, or award 
 8.4. Voluntary Bankruptcy, etc . If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries 
 8.5. Involuntary Bankruptcy, etc . If an Insolvency Proceeding is commenced against a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries and any of the following events occur (a) such Loan Party or such Subsidiary consents to the institution of such Insolvency Proceeding against it, (b) the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not timely controverted, (c) the petition commencing the Insolvency Proceeding is not dismissed within sixty calendar days of the date of the filing thereof, (d) an interim trustee, receiver or receiver-manager is appointed to take possession of all or any substantial portion of the properties or assets of, or to operate all or any substantial portion of the business of, such Loan Party or its Subsidiary, or (e) an order for relief shall have been issued or entered therein 
 8.6. Default Under Other Agreements . If there is a default in one or more other agreements to which a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries is a party with one or more third Persons relative to a Loan Party s or any of its Subsidiaries Indebtedness involving an aggregate amount of 17,500,000 or more, and, in either case, such default (a) occurs at the final maturity of the obligations thereunder or (b) results in a right by such third Person, irrespective of whether exercised, to accelerate the maturity of such Loan Party s or its Subsidiary s obligations thereunder provided , however , that, any of the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.6 to the contrary notwithstanding, the Seller Note shall be disregarded in all calculations under this Section 8.6 . 
 8.7. Representations, etc . If any warranty, representation, certificate, statement, or Record made herein or in any other Loan Document or delivered in writing to Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document proves to be untrue in any material respect (except that such materiality qualifier shall not be applicable to any representations and warranties that already are qualified or modified by materiality in the text thereof) as of the date of issuance or making or deemed making thereof 
 8.8. Guaranty . If the obligation of any Guarantor under the guaranty contained in the applicable Guaranty and Security Agreement is limited or terminated by operation of law or by such Guarantor (other than in accordance with the terms of this Agreement) or if any Guarantor repudiates or revokes or purports to repudiate or revoke any such guaranty 
 8.9. Security Documents . If the Guaranty and Security Agreement or any other Loan Document that purports to create a Lien shall, for any reason, fail or cease to create a valid, enforceable and perfected and (except to the extent of Permitted Liens which are non-consensual Permitted Liens, permitted purchase money Liens or the interests of lessors under Capital Leases) first priority Lien on the Collateral covered thereby, except (a) as a result of a disposition of the applicable Collateral in a transaction permitted under this Agreement or (b) with respect to 
 134 

Collateral the aggregate value of which, for all such Collateral, does not exceed at any time, 2,500,000 
 8.10. Loan Documents . The validity or enforceability of any Loan Document shall at any time for any reason (other than solely as the result of an action or failure to act on the part of Agent) be declared to be null and void, or a proceeding shall be commenced by a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, or by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, seeking to establish the invalidity or unenforceability thereof, or a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries shall deny that such Loan Party or its Subsidiaries has any liability or obligation purported to be created under any Loan Document or 
 8.11. Change of Control . A Change of Control shall occur, whether directly or indirectly. 
 8.12. ERISA . The occurrence of any of the following events (a) any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate fails to make full payment when due of all amounts which any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate is required to pay as contributions, installments, or otherwise to or with respect to a Pension Plan or Multiemployer Plan, and such failure could reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of 17,500,000, (b) an accumulated funding deficiency or funding shortfall in excess of 17,500,000 occurs or exists, whether or not waived, with respect to any Pension Plan, individually or in the aggregate, (c) a Notification Event, which could reasonably be expected to result in liability in excess of 17,500,000, either individually or in the aggregate, or (d) any Loan Party or ERISA Affiliate completely or partially withdraws from one or more Multiemployer Plans and incurs Withdrawal Liability in excess of 17,500,000 in the aggregate, or fails to make any Withdrawal Liability payment when due. 
 9. RIGHTS AND REMEDIES. 
 9.1. Rights and Remedies . Upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, Agent may, and, at the instruction of the Required Lenders, shall, in addition to any other rights or remedies provided for hereunder or under any other Loan Document or by applicable law, do any one or more of the following 
 (a) by written notice to Borrowers, (i) declare the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and all other Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), whether evidenced by this Agreement or by any of the other Loan Documents to be immediately due and payable, whereupon the same shall become and be immediately due and payable and Borrowers shall be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full, without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice or other requirements of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by each Borrower, and (ii) direct Borrowers to provide (and Borrowers agree that upon receipt of such notice Borrowers will provide) Letter of Credit Collateralization to Agent to be held as security for Borrowers reimbursement obligations for drawings that may subsequently occur under issued and outstanding Letters of Credit 
 (b) by written notice to Borrowers, declare the Commitments terminated, whereupon the Commitments shall immediately be terminated together with (i) any obligation of 
 135 

any Revolving Lender to make Revolving Loans, (ii) the obligation of the Swing Lender to make Swing Loans, and (iii) the obligation of any Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit and 
 (c) exercise all other rights and remedies available to Agent or the Lenders under the Loan Documents, under applicable law, or in equity. 
 The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default described in Section 8.4 or Section 8.5 , in addition to the remedies set forth above, without any notice to Borrowers or any other Person or any act by the Lender Group, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), inclusive of the principal of, and any and all accrued and unpaid interest and fees in respect of, the Loans and all other Obligations (other than the Bank Product Obligations), whether evidenced by this Agreement or by any of the other Loan Documents, shall automatically become and be immediately due and payable and Borrowers shall automatically be obligated to repay all of such Obligations in full (including Borrowers being obligated to provide (and Borrowers agree that they will provide) (1) Letter of Credit Collateralization to Agent to be held as security for Borrowers reimbursement obligations in respect of drawings that may subsequently occur under issued and outstanding Letters of Credit and (2) Bank Product Collateralization to be held as security for Borrowers or their Subsidiaries obligations in respect of outstanding Bank Products), without presentment, demand, protest, or notice or other requirements of any kind, all of which are expressly waived by Borrowers. 
 9.2. Remedies Cumulative . The rights and remedies of the Lender Group under this Agreement, the other Loan Documents, and all other agreements shall be cumulative. The Lender Group shall have all other rights and remedies not inconsistent herewith as provided under the Code, by law, or in equity. No exercise by the Lender Group of one right or remedy shall be deemed an election, and no waiver by the Lender Group of any Default or Event of Default shall be deemed a continuing waiver. No delay by the Lender Group shall constitute a waiver, election, or acquiescence by it. 
 10. WAIVERS INDEMNIFICATION. 
 10.1. Demand Protest etc . Each Borrower waives demand, protest, notice of protest, notice of default or dishonor, notice of payment and nonpayment, nonpayment at maturity, release, compromise, settlement, extension, or renewal of documents, instruments, chattel paper, and guarantees at any time held by the Lender Group on which any Borrower may in any way be liable. 
 10.2. The Lender Group s Liability for Collateral . Each Borrower hereby agrees that (a) so long as Agent complies with its obligations, if any, under the Code, the Lender Group shall not in any way or manner be liable or responsible for (i) the safekeeping of the Collateral, (ii) any loss or damage thereto occurring or arising in any manner or fashion from any cause, (iii) any diminution in the value thereof, or (iv) any act or default of any carrier, warehouseman, bailee, forwarding agency, or other Person, and (b) all risk of loss, damage, or destruction of the Collateral shall be borne by the Loan Parties. 
 136 

10.3. Indemnification . Each Borrower shall pay, indemnify, defend, and hold the Agent-Related Persons, the Lender-Related Persons, and each Issuing Bank (each, an Indemnified Person harmless (to the fullest extent permitted by law) from and against any and all claims, demands, suits, actions, investigations, proceedings, liabilities, fines, costs, penalties, and damages, and all reasonable fees and disbursements of attorneys (limited to the reasonable fees and disbursements of one firm of counsel for all Agent-Related Persons, Lender-Related Persons, and Issuing Banks, plus the fees and disbursements of any special or local counsel reasonably required or requested by Agent, plus, in the case of each perceived or actual conflict of interest among such Persons or any of them, the reasonable fees and disbursements of one firm of conflicts counsel (for those of such Persons who are similarly situated in respect of such conflict of interest)), experts, or consultants and all other costs and expenses actually incurred in connection therewith or in connection with the enforcement of this indemnification (as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought), at any time asserted against, imposed upon, or incurred by any of them (a) in connection with or as a result of or related to the execution and delivery provided , that Borrowers shall not be liable for costs and expenses (including attorneys fees) of any Lender (other than Wells Fargo) incurred in advising, structuring, drafting, reviewing, administering or syndicating the Loan Documents), enforcement, performance, or administration (including any restructuring or workout with respect hereto) of this Agreement, any of the other Loan Documents, or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby or the monitoring of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries compliance with the terms of the Loan Documents provided , that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall not extend to (i) disputes solely between or among the Lenders that do not involve any acts or omissions of any Loan Party, or (ii) disputes solely between or among the Lenders and their respective Affiliates that do not involve any acts or omissions of any Loan Party it being understood and agreed that the indemnification in this clause (a) shall extend to Agent (but not the Lenders unless the dispute involves an act or omission of a Loan Party) relative to disputes between or among Agent on the one hand, and one or more Lenders, or one or more of their Affiliates, on the other hand, or (iii) any claims for Taxes, which shall be governed by Section 16 , other than Taxes which relate to primarily non-Tax claims), (b) with respect to any actual or prospective investigation, litigation, or proceeding related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document, the making of any Loans or issuance of any Letters of Credit hereunder, or the use of the proceeds of the Loans or the Letters of Credit provided hereunder (irrespective of whether any Indemnified Person is a party thereto), or any act, omission, event, or circumstance in any manner related thereto, and (c) in connection with or arising out of any presence or release of Hazardous Materials at, on, under, to or from any assets or properties owned, leased or operated by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or any Environmental Actions, Environmental Liabilities or Remedial Actions related in any way to any such assets or properties of any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries (each and all of the foregoing, the Indemnified Liabilities ). The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, no Borrower shall have any obligation to any Indemnified Person under this Section 10.3 with respect to any Indemnified Liability that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person or its officers, directors, employees, attorneys, or agents. This provision shall survive the termination 
 137 

of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations. If any Indemnified Person makes any payment to any other Indemnified Person with respect to an Indemnified Liability as to which Borrowers were required to indemnify the Indemnified Person receiving such payment, the Indemnified Person making such payment is entitled to be indemnified and reimbursed by Borrowers with respect thereto. WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE FOREGOING INDEMNITY SHALL APPLY TO EACH INDEMNIFIED PERSON WITH RESPECT TO INDEMNIFIED LIABILITIES WHICH IN WHOLE OR IN PART ARE CAUSED BY OR ARISE OUT OF ANY NEGLIGENT ACT OR OMISSION OF SUCH INDEMNIFIED PERSON OR OF ANY OTHER PERSON. 
 11. NOTICES. 
 Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices or demands relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be in writing and (except for financial statements and other informational documents which may be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid) shall be personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested), overnight courier, electronic mail (at such email addresses as a party may designate in accordance herewith), or telefacsimile. In the case of notices or demands to any Loan Party or Agent, as the case may be, they shall be sent to the respective address set forth below 
 If to any Loan Party c o ADMINISTRATIVE BORROWER Three Allen Center 333 Clay Street Suite 4620 Houston, Texas 77002 Attn General Counsel, Chief Financial Officer and Director Treasury Management Fax No. (713) 652-0499 
 with copies to SIMPSON THACHER & BARTLETT LLP 600 Travis Street Suite 5400 Houston, Texas 77002 Attn Robert Rabalais, Esq. Fax No. (713) 821-5602 
 If to Agent WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 1100 Abernathy Road Suite 1600 
 Atlanta, GA 30328 Attn Loan Portfolio Manager Fax No. (855) 818-1936 
 138 

with copies to GREENBERG TRAURIG, LLP 3333 Piedmont Road, Suite 2500 Atlanta, Georgia 30305 Attn Timothy W. Bratcher, Esq. Fax No. (678) 553-2361 
 Any party hereto may change the address at which they are to receive notices hereunder, by notice in writing in the foregoing manner given to the other party. All notices or demands sent in accordance with this Section 11 , shall be deemed received on the earlier of the date of actual receipt or three Business Days after the deposit thereof in the mail provided , that (a) notices sent by overnight courier service shall be deemed to have been given when received, (b) notices by facsimile shall be deemed to have been given when sent (except that, if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient) and (c) notices by electronic mail shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgment). 
 12. CHOICE OF LAW AND VENUE JURY TRIAL WAIVER JUDICIAL REFERENCE PROVISION. 
 (a) THE VALIDITY OF THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (UNLESS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO THE CONTRARY IN ANOTHER LOAN DOCUMENT IN RESPECT OF SUCH OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT), THE CONSTRUCTION, INTERPRETATION, AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF AND THEREOF, THE RIGHTS OF THE PARTIES HERETO AND THERETO WITH RESPECT TO ALL MATTERS ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO, AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSIES OR DISPUTES ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER OR RELATED HERETO OR THERETO SHALL BE DETERMINED UNDER, GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 (b) THE PARTIES AGREE THAT ALL ACTIONS OR PROCEEDINGS ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS SHALL BE TRIED AND LITIGATED ONLY IN THE STATE AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK, STATE OF NEW YORK PROVIDED , THAT ANY SUIT SEEKING ENFORCEMENT AGAINST ANY COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE BROUGHT, AT AGENT S OPTION, IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION WHERE AGENT ELECTS TO BRING SUCH ACTION OR WHERE SUCH COLLATERAL OR OTHER PROPERTY MAY BE FOUND. EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP WAIVE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT EACH MAY HAVE TO ASSERT THE DOCTRINE OF FORUM NON CONVENIENS 
 139 

OR TO OBJECT TO VENUE TO THE EXTENT ANY PROCEEDING IS BROUGHT IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS SECTION 12(b) . 
 (c) TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP HEREBY WAIVE THEIR RESPECTIVE RIGHTS, IF ANY, TO A JURY TRIAL OF ANY CLAIM, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY BASED UPON OR ARISING OUT OF ANY OF THE LOAN DOCUMENTS OR ANY OF THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREIN, INCLUDING CONTRACT CLAIMS, TORT CLAIMS, BREACH OF DUTY CLAIMS, AND ALL OTHER COMMON LAW OR STATUTORY CLAIMS (EACH A CLAIM ). EACH BORROWER AND EACH MEMBER OF THE LENDER GROUP REPRESENT THAT EACH HAS REVIEWED THIS WAIVER AND EACH KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVES ITS JURY TRIAL RIGHTS FOLLOWING CONSULTATION WITH LEGAL COUNSEL. IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, A COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE FILED AS A WRITTEN CONSENT TO A TRIAL BY THE COURT. 
 (d) EACH BORROWER HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS LOCATED IN THE COUNTY OF NEW YORK AND THE STATE OF NEW YORK, IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO ANY LOAN DOCUMENTS, OR FOR RECOGNITION OR ENFORCEMENT OF ANY JUDGMENT. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT A FINAL JUDGMENT IN ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE CONCLUSIVE AND MAY BE ENFORCED IN OTHER JURISDICTIONS BY SUIT ON THE JUDGMENT OR IN ANY OTHER MANNER PROVIDED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT SHALL AFFECT ANY RIGHT THAT AGENT MAY OTHERWISE HAVE TO BRING ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT AGAINST ANY LOAN PARTY OR ITS PROPERTIES IN THE COURTS OF ANY JURISDICTION. 
 (e) NO CLAIM MAY BE MADE BY ANY LOAN PARTY AGAINST THE AGENT, THE SWING LENDER, ANY OTHER LENDER, ANY ISSUING BANK, OR ANY AFFILIATE, DIRECTOR, OFFICER, EMPLOYEE, COUNSEL, REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT, OR ATTORNEY-IN-FACT OF ANY OF THEM FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OR LOSSES IN RESPECT OF ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT OR ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT, OR ANY ACT, OMISSION, OR EVENT OCCURRING IN CONNECTION THEREWITH, AND EACH LOAN PARTY HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES, AND AGREES NOT TO SUE UPON ANY CLAIM FOR SUCH 
 140 

DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT ACCRUED AND WHETHER OR NOT KNOWN OR SUSPECTED TO EXIST IN ITS FAVOR. 
 13. ASSIGNMENTS AND PARTICIPATIONS SUCCESSORS. 
 13.1. Assignments and Participations . 
 (a) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in clause (a)(ii) below, any Lender may assign and delegate all or any portion of its rights and duties under the Loan Documents (including the Obligations owed to it and its Commitments) to one or more assignees so long as such prospective assignee is an Eligible Transferee (each, an Assignee ), with the prior written consent (such consent not be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of 
 (A) Borrowers provided , that no consent of Borrowers shall be required (1) if an Event of Default under Sections 8.1, 8.2(a)(i) (with respect to Sections 5.1 and 5.2), 8.2(a)(ii), 8.2(a)(iii), 8.2(a)(iv), 8.4, 8.5, and 8.7 (with respect to representations in any Borrowing Base Certificate) has occurred and is continuing, or (2) in connection with an assignment to a Person that is a Lender or an Affiliate (other than natural persons) of a Lender provided further , that Borrowers shall be deemed to have consented to a proposed assignment unless they object thereto by written notice to Agent within ten Business Days after having received written notice thereof and 
 (B) Agent, Swing Lender, and each Issuing Bank. 
 (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions 
 (A) no assignment may be made to a natural person, 
 (B) no assignment may be made to a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party, 
 (C) the amount of the Commitments and the other rights and obligations of the assigning Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Acceptance with respect to such assignment is delivered to Agent) shall be in a minimum amount (unless waived by Agent) of 5,000,000 (except such minimum amount shall not apply to (I) an assignment or delegation by any Lender to any other Lender, an Affiliate of any Lender, or a Related Fund of such Lender, or (II) a group of new Lenders, each of which is an Affiliate of each other or a Related Fund of such new Lender to the extent that the aggregate amount to be assigned to all such new Lenders is at least 5,000,000), 
 (D) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, 
 141 

(E) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to Agent an Assignment and Acceptance provided , that Borrowers and Agent may continue to deal solely and directly with the assigning Lender in connection with the interest so assigned to an Assignee until written notice of such assignment, together with payment instructions, addresses, and related information with respect to the Assignee, have been given to Borrowers and Agent by such Lender and the Assignee, 
 (F) unless waived by Agent, the assigning Lender or Assignee has paid to Agent, for Agent s separate account, a processing fee in the amount of 3,500, and 
 (G) the assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in a form approved by Agent (the Administrative Questionnaire ). 
 (b) From and after the date that Agent receives the executed Assignment and Acceptance and, if applicable, payment of the required processing fee, (i) the Assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder have been assigned to it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, shall be a Lender and shall have the rights and obligations of a Lender under the Loan Documents, and (ii) the assigning Lender shall, to the extent that rights and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents have been assigned by it pursuant to such Assignment and Acceptance, relinquish its rights (except with respect to Section 10.3 and be released from any future obligations under this Agreement (and in the case of an Assignment and Acceptance covering all or the remaining portion of an assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto and thereto) provided , that nothing contained herein shall release any assigning Lender from obligations that survive the termination of this Agreement, including such assigning Lender s obligations under Section 15 and Section 17.9(a) . 
 (c) By executing and delivering an Assignment and Acceptance, the assigning Lender thereunder and the Assignee thereunder confirm to and agree with each other and the other parties hereto as follows (i) other than as provided in such Assignment and Acceptance, such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with this Agreement or the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (ii) such assigning Lender makes no representation or warranty and assumes no responsibility with respect to the financial condition of any Loan Party or the performance or observance by any Loan Party of any of its obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document furnished pursuant hereto, (iii) such Assignee confirms that it has received a copy of this Agreement, together with such other documents and information as it has deemed appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into such Assignment and Acceptance, (iv) such Assignee will, independently and without reliance upon Agent, such assigning Lender or any other Lender, and 
 142 

based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement, (v) such Assignee appoints and authorizes Agent to take such actions and to exercise such powers under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents as are delegated to Agent, by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto, and (vi) such Assignee agrees that it will perform all of the obligations which by the terms of this Agreement are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 (d) Immediately upon Agent s receipt of the required processing fee, if applicable, and delivery of notice to the assigning Lender pursuant to Section 13.1(b) , this Agreement shall be deemed to be amended to the extent, but only to the extent, necessary to reflect the addition of the Assignee and the resulting adjustment of the Commitments arising therefrom. The Commitment allocated to each Assignee shall reduce such Commitments of the assigning Lender pro tanto . 
 (e) Any Lender may at any time sell to one or more commercial banks, financial institutions, or other Persons (a Participant participating interests in all or any portion of its Obligations, its Commitment, and the other rights and interests of that Lender (the Originating Lender hereunder and under the other Loan Documents provided , that (i) the Originating Lender shall remain a Lender for all purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the Participant receiving the participating interest in the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and interests of the Originating Lender hereunder shall not constitute a Lender hereunder or under the other Loan Documents and the Originating Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) the Originating Lender shall remain solely responsible for the performance of such obligations, (iii) Borrowers, Agent, and the Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with the Originating Lender in connection with the Originating Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, (iv) no Lender shall transfer or grant any participating interest under which the Participant has the right to approve any amendment to, or any consent or waiver with respect to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except to the extent such amendment to, or consent or waiver with respect to this Agreement or of any other Loan Document would (A) extend the final maturity date of the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (B) reduce the interest rate applicable to the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (C) release all or substantially all of the Collateral or guaranties (except to the extent expressly provided herein or in any of the Loan Documents) supporting the Obligations hereunder in which such Participant is participating, (D) postpone the payment of, or reduce the amount of, the interest or fees payable to such Participant through such Lender (other than a waiver of default interest), or (E) decrease the amount or postpone the due dates of scheduled principal repayments or prepayments or premiums payable to such Participant through such Lender, (v) no participation shall be sold to a natural person, (vi) no participation shall be sold to a Loan Party or an Affiliate of a Loan Party, and (vii) all amounts payable by Borrowers hereunder shall be determined as if such Lender had not sold such participation, except that, if amounts outstanding under this Agreement are due and unpaid, or shall have been declared or shall have become due and payable upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, each Participant 
 143 

shall be deemed to have the right of set off in respect of its participating interest in amounts owing under this Agreement to the same extent as if the amount of its participating interest were owing directly to it as a Lender under this Agreement. The rights of any Participant only shall be derivative through the Originating Lender with whom such Participant participates and no Participant shall have any rights under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents or any direct rights as to the other Lenders, Agent, Borrowers, the Collateral, or otherwise in respect of the Obligations. No Participant shall have the right to participate directly in the making of decisions by the Lenders among themselves. 
 (f) In connection with any such assignment or participation or proposed assignment or participation or any grant of a security interest in, or pledge of, its rights under and interest in this Agreement, a Lender may, subject to the provisions of Section 17.9 , disclose all documents and information which it now or hereafter may have relating to any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses. 
 (g) Any other provision in this Agreement notwithstanding, any Lender may at any time create a security interest in, or pledge, all or any portion of its rights under and interest in this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge in favor of any Federal Reserve Bank in accordance with Regulation A of the Federal Reserve Bank or U.S. Treasury Regulation 31 CFR 203.24, and such Federal Reserve Bank may enforce such pledge or security interest in any manner permitted under applicable law provided , that no such pledge shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (h) Agent (as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of Borrowers) shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, a register (the Register on which it enters the name and address of each Lender as the registered owner of the Revolving Loan (and the principal amount thereof and stated interest thereon) held by such Lender (each, a Registered Loan ). Other than in connection with an assignment by a Lender of all or any portion of its portion of the Revolving Loan to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender (i) a Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be assigned or sold in whole or in part only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide) and (ii) any assignment or sale of all or part of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by registration of such assignment or sale on the Register, together with the surrender of the registered note, if any, evidencing the same duly endorsed by (or accompanied by a written instrument of assignment or sale duly executed by) the holder of such registered note, whereupon, at the request of the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s), one or more new registered notes in the same aggregate principal amount shall be issued to the designated assignee(s) or transferee(s). Prior to the registration of assignment or sale of any Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any evidencing the same), Borrowers shall treat the Person in whose name such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) is registered as the owner thereof for the purpose of receiving all payments thereon and for all other purposes, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. In the case of any assignment by a Lender of all or any portion of its Revolving Loan 
 144 

to an Affiliate of such Lender or a Related Fund of such Lender, and which assignment is not recorded in the Register, the assigning Lender, on behalf of Borrowers, shall maintain a register comparable to the Register. The Register and any register for Affiliate transfers are intended to be maintained such that the Revolving Loans are in registered form for the purposes of the IRC. 
 (i) In the event that a Lender sells participations in the Registered Loan, such Lender, as a non-fiduciary agent on behalf of Borrowers, shall maintain (or cause to be maintained) a register on which it enters the name of all participants in the Registered Loans held by it (and the principal amount (and stated interest thereon) of the portion of such Registered Loans that is subject to such participations) (the Participant Register ). A Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be participated in whole or in part only by registration of such participation on the Participant Register (and each registered note shall expressly so provide). Any participation of such Registered Loan (and the registered note, if any, evidencing the same) may be effected only by the registration of such participation on the Participant Register. No Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Loan Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, letter of credit or other obligation is in registered form under the IRC, including under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations or its successor. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Agent (in its capacity as Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (j) Agent shall make a copy of the Register (and each Lender shall make a copy of its Participant Register to the extent it has one) available for review by Borrowers from time to time as Borrowers may reasonably request. 
 13.2. Successors . This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the respective successors and assigns of each of the parties provided , that no Borrower may assign this Agreement or any rights or duties hereunder without the Lenders prior written consent and any prohibited assignment shall be absolutely void ab initio . No consent to assignment by the Lenders shall release any Borrower from its Obligations. A Lender may assign this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and its rights and duties hereunder and thereunder pursuant to Section 13.1 and, except as expressly required pursuant to Section 13.1 , no consent or approval by any Borrower is required in connection with any such assignment. 
 14. AMENDMENTS WAIVERS. 
 14.1. Amendments and Waivers . 
 (a) No amendment, waiver or other modification of any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than the Fee Letter), and no consent with respect 
 145 

to any departure by any Borrower therefrom, shall be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by the Required Lenders (or by Agent at the written request of the Required Lenders) and the Loan Parties that are party thereto and then any such waiver or consent shall be effective, but only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given provided , that no such waiver, amendment, or consent shall, unless in writing and signed by all of the Lenders directly and adversely affected thereby and all of the Loan Parties that are party thereto, do any of the following 
 (i) increase the amount of or extend the expiration date of any Commitment of any Lender or amend, modify, or eliminate the penultimate sentence of Section 2.4(c) , 
 (ii) postpone or delay any date fixed by this Agreement or any other Loan Document for any payment of principal, interest, fees, or other amounts due hereunder or under any other Loan Document, 
 (iii) reduce the principal of, or the rate of interest on, any loan or other extension of credit hereunder, or reduce any fees or other amounts payable hereunder or under any other Loan Document (except (y) in connection with the waiver of applicability of Section 2.6(c) (which waiver shall be effective with the written consent of the Required Lenders), and (z) that any amendment or modification of defined terms used in the financial covenants in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest or a reduction of fees for purposes of this clause (iii)), 
 (iv) amend, modify, or eliminate this Section or any provision of this Agreement providing for consent or other action by all Lenders in a manner that would reduce the voting rights of any Lender, 
 (v) amend, modify, or eliminate Section 3.1 or 3.2 , 
 (vi) amend, modify, or eliminate Section 15.11 , 
 (vii) other than as permitted by Section 15.11 , release or contractually subordinate Agent s Lien in and to any of the Collateral, 
 (viii) amend, modify, or eliminate the definitions of Required Lenders , Supermajority Lenders, or Pro Rata Share , 
 (ix) other than in connection with a merger, liquidation, dissolution or sale of such Person expressly permitted by the terms hereof or the other Loan Documents, release any Borrower or any Guarantor from any obligation for the payment of money or consent to the assignment or transfer by any Borrower or any Guarantor of any of its rights or duties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, 
 (x) amend, modify, or eliminate any of the provisions of Section 2.4(b)(i) , (ii) or (iii) or Section 2.4(e) or (f) , 
 146 

(xi) at any time that any Real Property is included in the Collateral, add, increase, renew or extend any Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment hereunder until the completion of flood due diligence, documentation and coverage as is satisfactory to all Lenders, 
 (xii) amend, modify, or eliminate any of the provisions of Section 13.1 with respect to assignments to, or participations with, Persons who are Loan Parties or Affiliates of a Loan Party, or 
 (xiii) amend, modify, or eliminate Section 6.14 
 (b) No amendment, waiver, modification, or consent shall amend, modify, waive, or eliminate, 
 (i) the definition of, or any of the terms or provisions of, the Fee Letter, without the written consent of Agent and Borrowers (and shall not require the written consent of any of the Lenders), 
 (ii) any provision of Section 15 pertaining to Agent, or any other rights or duties of Agent under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Agent, Borrowers, and the Required Lenders 
 (c) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall amend, without written consent of Agent, Borrowers and the Supermajority Lenders, modify, or eliminate the definition of Borrowing Base or any of the defined terms (including the definitions of Eligible Accounts, Eligible Billed Accounts, Eligible Unbilled Accounts, Eligible Progress Billings, Eligible Finished Goods Inventory, Eligible Raw Materials Inventory and Eligible Inventory) that are used in such definition to the extent that any such change results in more credit being made available to Borrowers based upon the Borrowing Base, but not otherwise, or the definition of Maximum Revolver Amount , or change Section 2.1(d) 
 (d) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall amend, modify, or waive any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents pertaining to any Issuing Bank, or any other rights or duties of any Issuing Bank under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of such Issuing Bank, Agent, Borrowers, and the Required Lenders 
 (e) No amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent shall amend, modify, or waive any provision of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents pertaining to Swing Lender, or any other rights or duties of the Swing Lender under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents, without the written consent of Swing Lender, Agent, Borrowers, and the Required Lenders and 
 (f) Anything in this Section 14.1 to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) any amendment, modification, elimination, waiver, consent, termination, or release of, or with respect to, any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that relates only to the relationship of the Lender Group among themselves, and that does not affect the rights or 
 147 

obligations of any Loan Party, shall not require consent by or the agreement of any Loan Party, (ii) any amendment, waiver, modification, elimination, or consent of or with respect to any provision of this Agreement or any other Loan Document may be entered into without the consent of, or over the objection of, any Defaulting Lender other than any of the matters governed by Section 14.1(a)(i) through (iii) that affect such Lender, and (iii) any amendment contemplated by Section 2.12(d)(iii) of this Agreement in connection with a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election shall be effective as contemplated by such Section 2.12(d)(iii) hereof and (iv) any amendment contemplated by Section 2.6(g) of this Agreement in connection with the use or administration of Term SOFR shall be effective as contemplated by such Section 2.6(g) . 
 14.2. Replacement of Certain Lenders . 
 (a) If (i) any action to be taken by the Lender Group or Agent hereunder requires the consent, authorization, or agreement of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby and if such action has received the consent, authorization, or agreement of the Required Lenders but not of all Lenders or all Lenders affected thereby, or (ii) any Lender makes a claim for compensation under Section 16 , then Borrowers or Agent, upon at least five Business Days prior irrevocable notice, may permanently replace any Lender that failed to give its consent, authorization, or agreement (a Non-Consenting Lender ), together with its Affiliates, or any Lender that made a claim for compensation (a Tax Lender ), together with its Affiliates, with one or more Replacement Lenders, and the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, shall have no right to refuse to be replaced hereunder. Such notice to replace the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, shall specify an effective date for such replacement, which date shall not be later than 15 Business Days after the date such notice is given. 
 (b) Prior to the effective date of such replacement, the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, and each Replacement Lender shall execute and deliver an Assignment and Acceptance, subject only to the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, being repaid in full its share of the outstanding Obligations (without any premium or penalty of any kind whatsoever, but including (i) all interest, fees and other amounts that may be due in payable in respect thereof, (ii) an assumption of its Pro Rata Share of participations in the Letters of Credit, and (iii) Funding Losses). If the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, shall refuse or fail to execute and deliver any such Assignment and Acceptance prior to the effective date of such replacement, Agent may, but shall not be required to, execute and deliver such Assignment and Acceptance in the name or and on behalf of the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, and irrespective of whether Agent executes and delivers such Assignment and Acceptance, the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, shall be deemed to have executed and delivered such Assignment and Acceptance. The replacement of any Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, shall be made in accordance with the terms of Section 13.1 . Until such 
 148 

time as one or more Replacement Lenders shall have acquired all of the Obligations, the Commitments, and the other rights and obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, the Non-Consenting Lender (and its Affiliates) or Tax Lender (and its Affiliates), as applicable, shall remain obligated to make the Non-Consenting Lender s (and its Affiliates or Tax Lender s (and its Affiliates ), as applicable, Pro Rata Share of Revolving Loans and to purchase a participation in each Letter of Credit, in an amount equal to its Pro Rata Share of participations in such Letters of Credit. 
 14.3. No Waivers Cumulative Remedies . No failure by Agent or any Lender to exercise any right, remedy, or option under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or delay by Agent or any Lender in exercising the same, will operate as a waiver thereof. No waiver by Agent or any Lender will be effective unless it is in writing, and then only to the extent specifically stated. No waiver by Agent or any Lender on any occasion shall affect or diminish Agent s and each Lender s rights thereafter to require strict performance by Borrowers of any provision of this Agreement. Agent s and each Lender s rights under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents will be cumulative and not exclusive of any other right or remedy that Agent or any Lender may have. 
 15. AGENT THE LENDER GROUP. 
 15.1. Appointment and Authorization of Agent . Each Lender hereby designates and appoints Wells Fargo as its agent under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to designate, appoint, and authorize) Agent to execute and deliver each of the other Loan Documents on its behalf and to take such other action on its behalf under the provisions of this Agreement and each other Loan Document and to exercise such powers and perform such duties as are expressly delegated to Agent by the terms of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, together with such powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. Agent agrees to act as agent for and on behalf of the Lenders (and the Bank Product Providers) on the conditions contained in this Section 15 . Any provision to the contrary contained elsewhere in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document notwithstanding, Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities, except those expressly set forth herein or in the other Loan Documents, nor shall Agent have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender (or Bank Product Provider), and no implied covenants, functions, responsibilities, duties, obligations or liabilities shall be read into this Agreement or any other Loan Document or otherwise exist against Agent. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the use of the term agent in this Agreement or the other Loan Documents with reference to Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used merely as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only a representative relationship between independent contracting parties. Each Lender hereby further authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize) Agent to act as the secured party under each of the Loan Documents that create a Lien on any item of Collateral. 
 149 

Except as expressly otherwise provided in this Agreement, Agent shall have and may use its sole discretion with respect to exercising or refraining from exercising any discretionary rights or taking or refraining from taking any actions that Agent expressly is entitled to take or assert under or pursuant to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, or of any other provision of the Loan Documents that provides rights or powers to Agent, Lenders agree that Agent shall have the right to exercise the following powers as long as this Agreement remains in effect (a) maintain, in accordance with its customary business practices, ledgers and records reflecting the status of the Obligations, the Collateral, payments and proceeds of Collateral, and related matters, (b) execute or file any and all financing or similar statements or notices, amendments, renewals, supplements, documents, instruments, proofs of claim, notices and other written agreements with respect to the Loan Documents, or to take any other action with respect to any Collateral or Loan Documents which may be necessary to perfect, and maintain perfected, the security interests and Liens upon Collateral pursuant to the Loan Documents, (c) make Revolving Loans, for itself or on behalf of Lenders, as provided in the Loan Documents, (d) exclusively receive, apply, and distribute payments and proceeds of the Collateral as provided in the Loan Documents, (e) open and maintain such bank accounts and cash management arrangements as Agent deems necessary and appropriate in accordance with the Loan Documents for the foregoing purposes, (f) perform, exercise, and enforce any and all other rights and remedies of the Lender Group with respect to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, the Obligations, the Collateral, or otherwise related to any of same as provided in the Loan Documents, and (g) incur and pay such Lender Group Expenses as Agent may deem necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions and powers pursuant to the Loan Documents. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to authorize the Agent to authorize or consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Lender or Issuing Bank any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment or composition affecting the Obligations or the rights of any Lender or Issuing Bank or to authorize the Agent to vote in respect of the claim of any Lender or Issuing Bank in any such proceeding. 
 15.2. Delegation of Duties . Agent may execute any of its duties under this Agreement or any other Loan Document by or through agents, employees or attorneys in fact and shall be entitled to advice of counsel concerning all matters pertaining to such duties. Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any agent or attorney in fact that it selects as long as such selection was made without gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct. 
 15.3. Liability of Agent . None of the Agent-Related Persons shall (a) be liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any of them under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the transactions contemplated hereby (except for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct), or (b) be responsible in any manner to any of the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) for any recital, statement, representation or warranty made by any Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, or any officer or director thereof, contained in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, or in any certificate, report, statement or other document referred to or provided for in, or received by Agent under or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or the validity, effectiveness, genuineness, enforceability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or for any failure of 
 150 

any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or any other party to any Loan Document to perform its obligations hereunder or thereunder. No Agent-Related Person shall be under any obligation to any Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) to ascertain or to inquire as to the observance or performance of any of the agreements contained in, or conditions of, this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or to inspect the books and records or properties of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries. No Agent-Related Person shall have any liability to any Lender, and Loan Party or any of their respective Affiliates if any request for a Loan, Letter of Credit or other extension of credit was not authorized by the applicable Borrower. Agent shall not be required to take any action that, in its opinion or in the opinion of its counsel, may expose it to liability or that is contrary to any Loan Document or applicable law or regulation. 
 15.4. Reliance by Agent . Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any writing, resolution, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, telefacsimile or other electronic method of transmission, telex or telephone message, statement or other document or conversation believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed, sent, or made by the proper Person or Persons, and upon advice and statements of legal counsel (including counsel to Borrowers or counsel to any Lender), independent accountants and other experts selected by Agent. Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action under this Agreement or any other Loan Document unless Agent shall first receive such advice or concurrence of the Lenders as it deems appropriate and until such instructions are received, Agent shall act, or refrain from acting, as it deems advisable. If Agent so requests, it shall first be indemnified to its reasonable satisfaction by the Lenders (and, if it so elects, the Bank Product Providers) against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by it by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action. Agent shall in all cases be fully protected in acting, or in refraining from acting, under this Agreement or any other Loan Document in accordance with a request or consent of the Required Lenders and such request and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding upon all of the Lenders (and Bank Product Providers). 
 15.5. Notice of Default or Event of Default . Agent shall not be deemed to have knowledge or notice of the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default, except with respect to defaults in the payment of principal, interest, fees, and expenses required to be paid to Agent for the account of the Lenders and, except with respect to Events of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge, unless Agent shall have received written notice from a Lender or Borrowers referring to this Agreement, describing such Default or Event of Default, and stating that such notice is a notice of default. Agent promptly will notify the Lenders of its receipt of any such notice or of any Event of Default of which Agent has actual knowledge. If any Lender obtains actual knowledge of any Event of Default, such Lender promptly shall notify the other Lenders and Agent of such Event of Default. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for giving any notices to its Participants, if any. Subject to Section 15.4 , Agent shall take such action with respect to such Default or Event of Default as may be requested by the Required Lenders in accordance with Section 9 provided , that unless and until Agent has received any such request, Agent may (but shall not be obligated to) take such action, or refrain from taking such action, with respect to such Default or Event of Default as it shall deem advisable. 
 151 

15.6. Credit Decision . Each Lender (and Bank Product Provider) acknowledges that none of the Agent-Related Persons has made any representation or warranty to it, and that no act by Agent hereinafter taken, including any review of the affairs of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, shall be deemed to constitute any representation or warranty by any Agent-Related Person to any Lender (or Bank Product Provider). Each Lender represents (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to represent) to Agent that it has, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such due diligence, documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own appraisal of any investigation into the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document, and all applicable bank regulatory laws relating to the transactions contemplated hereby, and made its own decision to enter into this Agreement and to extend credit to Borrowers. Each Lender also represents (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to represent) that it will, independently and without reliance upon any Agent-Related Person and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit analysis, appraisals and decisions in taking or not taking action under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, and to make such investigations as it deems necessary to inform itself as to the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition and creditworthiness of each Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document. Except for notices, reports, and other documents expressly herein required to be furnished to the Lenders by Agent, Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility to provide any Lender (or Bank Product Provider) with any credit or other information concerning the business, prospects, operations, property, financial and other condition or creditworthiness of any Borrower or any other Person party to a Loan Document that may come into the possession of any of the Agent-Related Persons. Each Lender acknowledges (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that Agent does not have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis (except to the extent, if any, that is expressly specified herein) to provide such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) with any credit or other information with respect to any Borrower, its Affiliates or any of their respective business, legal, financial or other affairs, and irrespective of whether such information came into Agent s or its Affiliates or representatives possession before or after the date on which such Lender became a party to this Agreement (or such Bank Product Provider entered into a Bank Product Agreement). 
 15.7. Costs and Expenses Indemnification . Agent may incur and pay Lender Group Expenses to the extent Agent reasonably deems necessary or appropriate for the performance and fulfillment of its functions, powers, and obligations pursuant to the Loan Documents, including court costs, attorneys fees and expenses, fees and expenses of financial accountants, advisors, consultants, and appraisers, costs of collection by outside collection agencies, auctioneer fees and expenses, and costs of security guards or insurance premiums paid to maintain the Collateral, whether or not Borrowers are obligated to reimburse Agent or Lenders for such expenses pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise. Agent is authorized and directed to deduct and retain sufficient amounts from payments or proceeds of the Collateral received by Agent to reimburse 
 152 

Agent for such out-of-pocket costs and expenses prior to the distribution of any amounts to Lenders (or Bank Product Providers). In the event Agent is not reimbursed for such costs and expenses by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, each Lender hereby agrees that it is and shall be obligated to pay to Agent such Lender s ratable share thereof. Whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated, each of the Lenders, on a ratable basis, shall indemnify and defend the Agent-Related Persons (to the extent not reimbursed by or on behalf of Borrowers and without limiting the obligation of Borrowers to do so) from and against any and all Indemnified Liabilities provided , that no Lender shall be liable for the payment to any Agent-Related Person of any portion of such Indemnified Liabilities resulting solely from such Person s gross negligence or willful misconduct nor shall any Lender be liable for the obligations of any Defaulting Lender in failing to make a Revolving Loan or other extension of credit hereunder. Without limitation of the foregoing, each Lender shall reimburse Agent upon demand for such Lender s ratable share of any costs or out of pocket expenses (including attorneys, accountants, advisors, and consultants fees and expenses) incurred by Agent in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administration, modification, amendment, or enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of, or legal advice in respect of rights or responsibilities under, this Agreement or any other Loan Document to the extent that Agent is not reimbursed for such expenses by or on behalf of Borrowers. The undertaking in this Section shall survive the payment of all Obligations hereunder and the resignation or replacement of Agent. 
 15.8. Agent in Individual Capacity . Wells Fargo and its Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, provide Bank Products to, acquire Equity Interests in, and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Document as though Wells Fargo were not Agent hereunder, and, in each case, without notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group. The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, pursuant to such activities, Wells Fargo or its Affiliates may receive information regarding a Loan Party or its Affiliates or any other Person party to any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such other Person and that prohibit the disclosure of such information to the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers), and the Lenders acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver Agent will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), Agent shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. The terms Lender and Lenders include Wells Fargo in its individual capacity. 
 15.9. Successor Agent . Agent may resign as Agent upon 30 days prior written notice to the Lenders (unless such notice is waived by the Required Lenders) and Borrowers (unless such notice is waived by Borrowers or a Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) and without any notice to the Bank Product Providers. If Agent resigns under this Agreement, the Required Lenders shall be entitled, with (so long as no Event of Default has 
 153 

occurred and is continuing) the consent of Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned), appoint a successor Agent for the Lenders (and the Bank Product Providers). If, at the time that Agent s resignation is effective, it is acting as an Issuing Bank or the Swing Lender, such resignation shall also operate to effectuate its resignation as an Issuing Bank or the Swing Lender, as applicable, and it shall automatically be relieved of any further obligation to issue Letters of Credit or to make Swing Loans. If no successor Agent is appointed prior to the effective date of the resignation of Agent, Agent may appoint, after consulting with the Lenders and Borrowers, a successor Agent. If Agent has materially breached or failed to perform any material provision of this Agreement or of applicable law, the Required Lenders may agree in writing to remove and replace Agent with a successor Agent from among the Lenders with (so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing) the consent of Borrowers (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed, or conditioned). In any such event, upon the acceptance of its appointment as successor Agent hereunder, such successor Agent shall succeed to all the rights, powers, and duties of the retiring Agent and the term Agent shall mean such successor Agent and the retiring Agent s appointment, powers, and duties as Agent shall be terminated. After any retiring Agent s resignation hereunder as Agent, the provisions of this Section 15 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Agent under this Agreement. If no successor Agent has accepted appointment as Agent by the date which is 30 days following a retiring Agent s notice of resignation, the retiring Agent s resignation shall nevertheless thereupon become effective and the Lenders shall perform all of the duties of Agent hereunder until such time, if any, as the Lenders appoint a successor Agent as provided for above. 
 15.10. Lender in Individual Capacity . Any Lender and its respective Affiliates may make loans to, issue letters of credit for the account of, accept deposits from, provide Bank Products to, acquire Equity Interests in and generally engage in any kind of banking, trust, financial advisory, underwriting, or other business with any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries and Affiliates and any other Person party to any Loan Documents as though such Lender were not a Lender hereunder without notice to or consent of the other members of the Lender Group (or the Bank Product Providers). The other members of the Lender Group acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, pursuant to such activities, such Lender and its respective Affiliates may receive information regarding a Loan Party or its Affiliates or any other Person party to any Loan Documents that is subject to confidentiality obligations in favor of such Loan Party or such other Person and that prohibit the disclosure of such information to the Lenders, and the Lenders acknowledge (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to acknowledge) that, in such circumstances (and in the absence of a waiver of such confidentiality obligations, which waiver such Lender will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain), such Lender shall not be under any obligation to provide such information to them. 
 15.11. Collateral Matters . 
 (a) The Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize) Agent to release 
 154 

any Lien on any Collateral (i) upon the termination of the Commitments and payment and satisfaction in full by the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries of all of the Obligations, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if a release is required or desirable in connection therewith and if Borrowers certify to Agent that the sale or disposition is permitted under Section 6.4 (and Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), (iii) constituting property in which no Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries owned any interest at the time Agent s Lien was granted nor at any time thereafter, (iv) constituting property leased or licensed to a Loan Party or its Subsidiaries under a lease or license that has expired or is terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or (v) in connection with a credit bid or purchase authorized under this Section 15.11 . The Loan Parties and the Lenders hereby irrevocably authorize (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to authorize) Agent, based upon the instruction of the Required Lenders, to (a) consent to the sale of, credit bid, or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including Section 363 of the Bankruptcy Code, (b) credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any sale or other disposition thereof conducted under the provisions of the Code, including pursuant to Sections 9-610 or 9-620 of the Code, or (c) credit bid or purchase (either directly or indirectly through one or more entities) all or any portion of the Collateral at any other sale or foreclosure conducted or consented to by Agent in accordance with applicable law in any judicial action or proceeding or by the exercise of any legal or equitable remedy. In connection with any such credit bid or purchase, (i) the Obligations owed to the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims being estimated for such purpose if the fixing or liquidation thereof would not impair or unduly delay the ability of Agent to credit bid or purchase at such sale or other disposition of the Collateral and, if such contingent or unliquidated claims cannot be estimated without impairing or unduly delaying the ability of Agent to credit bid at such sale or other disposition, then such claims shall be disregarded, not credit bid, and not entitled to any interest in the Collateral that is the subject of such credit bid or purchase) and the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers whose Obligations are credit bid shall be entitled to receive interests (ratably based upon the proportion of their Obligations credit bid in relation to the aggregate amount of Obligations so credit bid) in the Collateral that is the subject of such credit bid or purchase (or in the Equity Interests of the any entities that are used to consummate such credit bid or purchase), and (ii) Agent, based upon the instruction of the Required Lenders, may accept non-cash consideration, including debt and equity securities issued by any entities used to consummate such credit bid or purchase and in connection therewith Agent may reduce the Obligations owed to the Lenders and the Bank Product Providers (ratably based upon the proportion of their Obligations credit bid in relation to the aggregate amount of Obligations so credit bid) based upon the value of such non-cash consideration provided , that Bank Product Obligations not entitled to the application set forth in Section 2.4(b)(iii)(J) shall not be entitled to be, and shall not be, credit bid, or used in the calculation of the ratable interest of the Lenders and Bank Product Providers in the Obligations which are credit bid. Except as provided above, Agent will not execute and deliver a release of 
 155 

any Lien on any Collateral without the prior written authorization of (y) if the release is of all or substantially all of the Collateral, all of the Lenders (without requiring the authorization of the Bank Product Providers), or (z) otherwise, the Required Lenders (without requiring the authorization of the Bank Product Providers). Upon request by Agent or Borrowers at any time, the Lenders will (and if so requested, the Bank Product Providers will) confirm in writing Agent s authority to release any such Liens on particular types or items of Collateral pursuant to this Section 15.11 provided , that (1) anything to the contrary contained in any of the Loan Documents notwithstanding, Agent shall not be required to execute any document or take any action necessary to evidence such release on terms that, in Agent s opinion, could expose Agent to liability or create any obligation or entail any consequence other than the release of such Lien without recourse, representation, or warranty, and (2) such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly released) upon (or obligations of Borrowers in respect of) any and all interests retained by any Borrower, including, the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Each Lender further hereby irrevocably authorizes (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to irrevocably authorize) Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to subordinate (by contract or otherwise) any Lien granted to or held by Agent on any property under any Loan Document (a) to the holder of any Permitted Lien on such property if such Permitted Lien secures purchase money Indebtedness (including Capitalized Lease Obligations) which constitute Permitted Indebtedness and (b) to the extent Agent has the authority under this Section 15.11 to release its Lien on such property. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 15.11 , the Agent shall be authorized, without the consent of any Lender and without the requirement that an asset sale consisting of the sale, transfer or other disposition having occurred, to release any security interest in any building, structure or improvement located in an area determined by the Federal Emergency Management Agency to have special flood hazards. 
 (b) Agent shall have no obligation whatsoever to any of the Lenders (or the Bank Product Providers) (i) to verify or assure that the Collateral exists or is owned by a Loan Party or any of its Subsidiaries or is cared for, protected, or insured or has been encumbered, (ii) to verify or assure that Agent s Liens have been properly or sufficiently or lawfully created, perfected, protected, or enforced or are entitled to any particular priority, (iii) to verify or assure that any particular items of Collateral meet the eligibility criteria applicable in respect thereof, (iv) to impose, maintain, increase, reduce, implement, or eliminate any particular reserve hereunder or to determine whether the amount of any reserve is appropriate or not, or (v) to exercise at all or in any particular manner or under any duty of care, disclosure or fidelity, or to continue exercising, any of the rights, authorities and powers granted or available to Agent pursuant to any of the Loan Documents, it being understood and agreed that in respect of the Collateral, or any act, omission, or event related thereto, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, Agent may act in any manner it may deem appropriate, in its sole discretion given Agent s own interest in the Collateral in its capacity as one of the Lenders and that Agent shall have no other duty or liability whatsoever to any Lender (or Bank Product Provider) as to any of the foregoing, except as otherwise expressly provided herein. 
 156 

15.12. Restrictions on Actions by Lenders Sharing of Payments . 
 (a) Each of the Lenders agrees that it shall not, without the express written consent of Agent, set off against the Obligations, any amounts owing by such Lender to any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries or any deposit accounts of any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries now or hereafter maintained with such Lender. Each of the Lenders further agrees that it shall not, unless specifically requested to do so in writing by Agent, take or cause to be taken any action, including, the commencement of any legal or equitable proceedings to enforce any Loan Document against any Borrower or any Guarantor or to foreclose any Lien on, or otherwise enforce any security interest in, any of the Collateral. 
 (b) If, at any time or times any Lender shall receive (i) by payment, foreclosure, setoff, or otherwise, any proceeds of Collateral or any payments with respect to the Obligations, except for any such proceeds or payments received by such Lender from Agent pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, or (ii) payments from Agent in excess of such Lender s Pro Rata Share of all such distributions by Agent, such Lender promptly shall (A) turn the same over to Agent, in kind, and with such endorsements as may be required to negotiate the same to Agent, or in immediately available funds, as applicable, for the account of all of the Lenders and for application to the Obligations in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement, or (B) purchase, without recourse or warranty, an undivided interest and participation in the Obligations owed to the other Lenders so that such excess payment received shall be applied ratably as among the Lenders in accordance with their Pro Rata Shares provided , that to the extent that such excess payment received by the purchasing party is thereafter recovered from it, those purchases of participations shall be rescinded in whole or in part, as applicable, and the applicable portion of the purchase price paid therefor shall be returned to such purchasing party, but without interest except to the extent that such purchasing party is required to pay interest in connection with the recovery of the excess payment. 
 15.13. Agency for Perfection . Agent hereby appoints each other Lender (and each Bank Product Provider) as its agent (and each Lender hereby accepts (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to accept) such appointment) for the purpose of perfecting Agent s Liens in assets which, in accordance with Article 8 or Article 9, as applicable, of the Code can be perfected by possession or control. Should any Lender obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify Agent thereof, and, promptly upon Agent s request therefor shall deliver possession or control of such Collateral to Agent or in accordance with Agent s instructions. 
 15.14. Payments by Agent to the Lenders . All payments to be made by Agent to the Lenders (or Bank Product Providers) shall be made by bank wire transfer of immediately available funds pursuant to such wire transfer instructions as each party may designate for itself by written notice to Agent. Concurrently with each such payment, Agent shall identify whether such payment (or any portion thereof) represents principal, premium, fees, or interest of the Obligations. 
 157 

15.15. Concerning the Collateral and Related Loan Documents . Each member of the Lender Group authorizes and directs Agent to enter into this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Each member of the Lender Group agrees (and by entering into a Bank Product Agreement, each Bank Product Provider shall be deemed to agree) that any action taken by Agent in accordance with the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents relating to the Collateral and the exercise by Agent of its powers set forth therein or herein, together with such other powers that are reasonably incidental thereto, shall be binding upon all of the Lenders (and such Bank Product Provider). 
 15.16. Field Examination Reports Confidentiality Disclaimers by Lenders Other Reports and Information . By becoming a party to this Agreement, each Lender 
 (a) is deemed to have requested that Agent furnish such Lender, promptly after it becomes available, a copy of each field examination report respecting any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries (each, a Report prepared by or at the request of Agent, and Agent shall so furnish each Lender with such Reports, 
 (b) expressly agrees and acknowledges that Agent does not (i) make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy of any Report, and (ii) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report, 
 (c) expressly agrees and acknowledges that the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, that Agent or other party performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and will rely significantly upon Borrowers and their Subsidiaries books and records, as well as on representations of Borrowers personnel, 
 (d) agrees to keep all Reports and other material, non-public information regarding the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries and their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans in a confidential manner in accordance with Section 17.9 , and 
 (e) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, agrees (i) to hold Agent and any other Lender preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or fail to take or any conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any loans or other credit accommodations that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to Borrowers, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a loan or loans of Borrowers, and (ii) to pay and protect, and indemnify, defend and hold Agent, and any such other Lender preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including, attorneys fees and costs) incurred by Agent and any such other Lender preparing a Report as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. 
 In addition to the foregoing, (x) any Lender may from time to time request of Agent in writing that Agent provide to such Lender a copy of any report or document provided by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries to Agent that has not been contemporaneously provided by such Loan Party or 
 158 

such Subsidiary to such Lender, and, upon receipt of such request, Agent promptly shall provide a copy of same to such Lender, (y) to the extent that Agent is entitled, under any provision of the Loan Documents, to request additional reports or information from any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, any Lender may, from time to time, reasonably request Agent to exercise such right as specified in such Lender s notice to Agent, whereupon Agent promptly shall request of Borrowers the additional reports or information reasonably specified by such Lender, and, upon receipt thereof from such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, Agent promptly shall provide a copy of same to such Lender, and (z) any time that Agent renders to Borrowers a statement regarding the Loan Account, Agent shall send a copy of such statement to each Lender. 
 15.17. Several Obligations No Liability . Notwithstanding that certain of the Loan Documents now or hereafter may have been or will be executed only by or in favor of Agent in its capacity as such, and not by or in favor of the Lenders, any and all obligations on the part of Agent (if any) to make any credit available hereunder shall constitute the several (and not joint) obligations of the respective Lenders on a ratable basis, according to their respective Commitments, to make an amount of such credit not to exceed, in principal amount, at any one time outstanding, the amount of their respective Commitments. Nothing contained herein shall confer upon any Lender any interest in, or subject any Lender to any liability for, or in respect of, the business, assets, profits, losses, or liabilities of any other Lender. Each Lender shall be solely responsible for notifying its Participants of any matters relating to the Loan Documents to the extent any such notice may be required, and no Lender shall have any obligation, duty, or liability to any Participant of any other Lender. Except as provided in Section 15.7 , no member of the Lender Group shall have any liability for the acts of any other member of the Lender Group. No Lender shall be responsible to any Borrower or any other Person for any failure by any other Lender (or Bank Product Provider) to fulfill its obligations to make credit available hereunder, nor to advance for such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) or on its behalf, nor to take any other action on behalf of such Lender (or Bank Product Provider) hereunder or in connection with the financing contemplated herein. 
 15.18. Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners . Each of the Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, in such capacities, shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility, or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to it in its capacity as a Lender, as Agent, as Swing Lender, or as Issuing Bank. Without limiting the foregoing, each of the Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, in such capacities, shall not have or be deemed to have any fiduciary relationship with any Lender or any Loan Party. Each Lender, Agent, Swing Lender, Issuing Bank, and each Loan Party acknowledges that it has not relied, and will not rely, on the Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners acting in their capacities as such in deciding to enter into this Agreement or in taking or not taking action hereunder. Each of the Joint Lead Arrangers and Joint Book Runners, in such capacities, shall be entitled to resign at any time by giving notice to Agent and Borrowers. 
 159 

16. WITHHOLDING TAXES. 
 16.1. Payments . All payments made by any Loan Party under any Loan Document will be made free and clear of, and without deduction or withholding for, any Taxes, except as otherwise required by applicable law, and in the event any deduction or withholding of Taxes is required, the applicable Loan Party shall make the requisite withholding, promptly pay over to the applicable Governmental Authority the withheld tax, and furnish to Agent as promptly as possible after the date the payment of any such Tax is due pursuant to applicable law, certified copies of tax receipts evidencing such payment by the Loan Parties. Furthermore, if any such Tax is an Indemnified Taxes or an Indemnified Tax is so levied or imposed, the Loan Parties agree to pay the full amount of such Indemnified Taxes and such additional amounts as may be necessary so that every payment of all amounts due under this Agreement, any note, or Loan Document, including any amount paid pursuant to this Section 16.1 after withholding or deduction for or on account of any Indemnified Taxes, will not be less than the amount provided for herein. The Loan Parties will promptly pay any Other Taxes or reimburse Agent for such Other Taxes upon Agent s demand. The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Indemnified Person (as defined in Section 10.3 (collectively a Tax Indemnitee for the full amount of Indemnified Taxes arising in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or breach thereof by any Loan Party (including any Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on, or attributable to, amounts payable under this Section 16 imposed on, or paid by, such Tax Indemnitee and all reasonable costs and expenses related thereto (including fees and disbursements of attorneys and other tax professionals), as and when they are incurred and irrespective of whether suit is brought, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority (other than Indemnified Taxes and additional amounts that a court of competent jurisdiction finally determines to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Tax Indemnitee). The obligations of the Loan Parties under this Section 16 shall survive the termination of this Agreement, the resignation and replacement of the Agent, and the repayment of the Obligations. 
 16.2. Exemptions. 
 (a) If a Lender or Participant is entitled to claim an exemption or reduction from United States withholding tax, such Lender or Participant agrees with and in favor of Agent, to deliver to Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) and the Administrative Borrower on behalf of all Borrowers one of the following before receiving its first payment under this Agreement 
 (i) if such Lender or Participant is entitled to claim an exemption from United States withholding tax pursuant to the portfolio interest exception, (A) a statement of the Lender or Participant, signed under penalty of perjury, that it is not a (I) a bank as described in Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the IRC, (II) a 10 shareholder of any Borrower (within the meaning of Section 871(h)(3)(B) of the IRC), or (III) a controlled foreign corporation related to Borrowers within the meaning of Section 864(d)(4) of the IRC, and (B) a properly completed and executed IRS Form W-8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E or Form W-8IMY (with proper attachments as applicable) 
 160 

(ii) if such Lender or Participant is entitled to claim an exemption from, or a reduction of, withholding tax under a United States tax treaty, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8BEN or Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable 
 (iii) if such Lender or Participant is entitled to claim that interest paid under this Agreement is exempt from United States withholding tax because it is effectively connected with a United States trade or business of such Lender, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8ECI 
 (iv) if such Lender or Participant is entitled to claim that interest paid under this Agreement is exempt from United States withholding tax because such Lender or Participant serves as an intermediary, a properly completed and executed copy of IRS Form W-8IMY (including a withholding statement and copies of the tax certification documentation for its beneficial owner(s) of the income paid to the intermediary, if required based on its status provided on the Form W-8IMY) or 
 (v) a properly completed and executed copy of any other form or forms, including IRS Form W-9, as may be required under the IRC or other laws of the United States as a condition to exemption from, or reduction of, United States withholding or backup withholding tax. 
 (b) Each Lender or Participant shall provide new forms (or successor forms) upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered forms and to promptly notify Agent and Administrative Borrower (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction. 
 (c) If a Lender or Participant claims an exemption from withholding tax in a jurisdiction other than the United States, such Lender or such Participant agrees with and in favor of Agent and Borrowers, to deliver to Agent and Administrative Borrower (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) any such form or forms, as may be required under the laws of such jurisdiction as a condition to exemption from, or reduction of, foreign withholding or backup withholding tax before receiving its first payment under this Agreement, but only if such Lender or such Participant is legally able to deliver such forms, or the providing of or delivery of such forms in the Lender s reasonable judgment would not subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender (or its Affiliates) provided , further , that nothing in this Section 16.2(c) shall require a Lender or Participant to disclose any information that it deems to be confidential (including its tax returns). Each Lender and each Participant shall provide new forms (or successor forms) upon the expiration or obsolescence of any previously delivered forms and promptly notify Agent and Administrative Borrower (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) of any change in circumstances which would modify or render invalid any claimed exemption or reduction. 
 161 

(d) If a Lender or Participant claims exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax and such Lender or Participant sells, assigns, grants a participation in, or otherwise transfers all or part of the Obligations of Borrowers to such Lender or Participant, such Lender or Participant agrees to notify Agent and Administrative Borrower (or, in the case of a sale of a participation interest, to the Lender granting the participation only) of the percentage amount in which it is no longer the beneficial owner of Obligations of Borrowers to such Lender or Participant. To the extent of such percentage amount, Agent and Administrative Borrower will treat such Lender s or such Participant s documentation provided pursuant to Section 16.2(a) or 16.2(c) as no longer valid. With respect to such percentage amount, such Participant or Assignee may provide new documentation, pursuant to Section 16.2(a) or 16.2(c) , if applicable. Borrowers agree that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of this Section 16 with respect to its participation in any portion of the Commitments and the Obligations so long as such Participant complies with the obligations set forth in this Section 16 with respect thereto. 
 (e) If a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable due diligence and reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the IRC, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, the Lender granting the participation) such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the IRC) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, the Lender granting the participation) as may be necessary for Agent or Borrowers to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (e), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. 
 16.3. Reductions . 
 (a) If a Lender or a Participant is subject to an applicable withholding tax, Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, the Lender granting the participation) may withhold from any payment to such Lender or such Participant an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding tax. If the forms or other documentation required by Section 16.2(a) or 16.2(c) are not delivered to Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation), then Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation) may withhold from any payment to such Lender or such Participant not providing such forms or other documentation an amount equivalent to the applicable withholding tax. 
 (b) If the IRS or any other Governmental Authority of the United States or other jurisdiction asserts a claim that Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation) did not properly withhold tax from amounts paid to or for the account of any Lender or any Participant due to a failure on the part of the Lender or any Participant (because the appropriate form was not delivered, was not properly executed, or because such 
 162 

Lender failed to notify Agent (or such Participant failed to notify the Lender granting the participation) of a change in circumstances which rendered the exemption from, or reduction of, withholding tax ineffective, or for any other reason) such Lender shall indemnify and hold Agent harmless (or, in the case of a Participant, such Participant shall indemnify and hold the Lender granting the participation harmless) for all amounts paid, directly or indirectly, by Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation), as tax or otherwise, including penalties and interest, and including any taxes imposed by any jurisdiction on the amounts payable to Agent (or, in the case of a Participant, to the Lender granting the participation only) under this Section 16 , together with all costs and expenses (including attorneys fees and expenses). The obligation of the Lenders and the Participants under this subsection shall survive the payment of all Obligations and the resignation or replacement of Agent. 
 16.4. Refunds . If Agent or a Lender determines, in its sole discretion, that it has received a refund of any Indemnified Taxes to which the Loan Parties have paid additional amounts pursuant to this Section 16 , so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, it shall pay over such refund to the Administrative Borrower on behalf of the Loan Parties (but only to the extent of payments made, or additional amounts paid, by the Loan Parties under this Section 16 with respect to Indemnified Taxes giving rise to such a refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses of Agent or such Lender and without interest (other than any interest paid by the applicable Governmental Authority with respect to such a refund) provided , that the Loan Parties, upon the request of Agent or such Lender, agrees to repay the amount paid over to the Loan Parties (plus any penalties, interest or other charges, imposed by the applicable Governmental Authority, other than such penalties, interest or other charges imposed as a result of the willful misconduct or gross negligence of Agent or Lender hereunder as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction) to Agent or such Lender in the event Agent or such Lender is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Section 16 shall not be construed to require Agent or any Lender to make available its tax returns (or any other information which it deems confidential) to Loan Parties or any other Person or require Agent or any Lender to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to Section 16.4 , the payment of which would place Agent or such Lender (or their Affiliates) in a less favorable net after-Tax position than such Person would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. 
 17. GENERAL PROVISIONS. 
 17.1. Effectiveness . This Agreement shall be binding and deemed effective when executed by each Borrower, Agent, and each Lender whose signature is provided for on the signature pages hereof. 
 17.2. Section Headings . Headings and numbers have been set forth herein for convenience only. Unless the contrary is compelled by the context, everything contained in each Section applies equally to this entire Agreement. 
 163 

17.3. Interpretation . Neither this Agreement nor any uncertainty or ambiguity herein shall be construed against the Lender Group or any Borrower, whether under any rule of construction or otherwise. On the contrary, this Agreement has been reviewed by all parties and shall be construed and interpreted according to the ordinary meaning of the words used so as to accomplish fairly the purposes and intentions of all parties hereto. 
 17.4. Severability of Provisions . Each provision of this Agreement shall be severable from every other provision of this Agreement for the purpose of determining the legal enforceability of any specific provision. 
 17.5. Bank Product Providers . Each Bank Product Provider in its capacity as such shall be deemed a third party beneficiary hereof and of the provisions of the other Loan Documents for purposes of any reference in a Loan Document to the parties for whom Agent is acting. Agent hereby agrees to act as agent for such Bank Product Providers and, by virtue of entering into a Bank Product Agreement, the applicable Bank Product Provider shall be automatically deemed to have appointed Agent as its agent and to have accepted the benefits of the Loan Documents. It is understood and agreed that the rights and benefits of each Bank Product Provider under the Loan Documents consist exclusively of such Bank Product Provider s being a beneficiary of the Liens and security interests (and, if applicable, guarantees) granted to Agent and the right to share in payments and collections out of the Collateral as more fully set forth herein. In addition, each Bank Product Provider, by virtue of entering into a Bank Product Agreement, shall be automatically deemed to have agreed that Agent shall have the right, but shall have no obligation, to establish, maintain, relax, or release reserves in respect of the Bank Product Obligations and that if reserves are established there is no obligation on the part of Agent to determine or insure whether the amount of any such reserve is appropriate or not. In connection with any such distribution of payments or proceeds of Collateral, Agent shall be entitled to assume no amounts are due or owing to any Bank Product Provider unless such Bank Product Provider has provided a written certification (setting forth a reasonably detailed calculation) to Agent as to the amounts that are due and owing to it and such written certification is received by Agent a reasonable period of time prior to the making of such distribution. Agent shall have no obligation to calculate the amount due and payable with respect to any Bank Products, but may rely upon the written certification of the amount due and payable from the applicable Bank Product Provider. In the absence of an updated certification, Agent shall be entitled to assume that the amount due and payable to the applicable Bank Product Provider is the amount last certified to Agent by such Bank Product Provider as being due and payable less any distributions made to such Bank Product Provider on account thereof). Borrowers may obtain Bank Products from any Bank Product Provider, although Borrowers are not required to do so. Each Borrower acknowledges and agrees that no Bank Product Provider has committed to provide any Bank Products and that the providing of Bank Products by any Bank Product Provider is in the sole and absolute discretion of such Bank Product Provider. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Loan Document, no provider or holder of any Bank Product shall have any voting or approval rights hereunder (or be deemed a Lender) solely by virtue of its status as the provider or holder of such agreements or products or the Obligations owing thereunder, nor shall the consent of any such provider or holder be required 
 164 

(other than in their capacities as Lenders, to the extent applicable) for any matter hereunder or under any of the other Loan Documents, including as to any matter relating to the Collateral or the release of Collateral or Guarantors. 
 17.6. Debtor-Creditor Relationship . The relationship between the Lenders and Agent, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, is solely that of creditor and debtor. No member of the Lender Group has (or shall be deemed to have) any fiduciary relationship or duty to any Loan Party arising out of or in connection with the Loan Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, and there is no agency or joint venture relationship between the members of the Lender Group, on the one hand, and the Loan Parties, on the other hand, by virtue of any Loan Document or any transaction contemplated therein. 
 17.7. Counterparts Electronic Execution . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties on separate counterparts, each of which, when executed and delivered, shall be deemed to be an original, and all of which, when taken together, shall constitute but one and the same Agreement. Execution of any such counterpart may be by means of (a) an electronic signature that complies with the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, or any other relevant and applicable electronic signatures law (b) an original manual signature or (c) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Agent reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to accept, deny, or condition acceptance of any electronic signature on this Agreement. Any party delivering an executed counterpart of this Agreement by faxed, scanned or photocopied manual signature shall also deliver an original manually executed counterpart, but the failure to deliver an original manually executed counterpart shall not affect the validity, enforceability and binding effect of this Agreement. The foregoing shall apply to each other Loan Document mutatis mutandis. 
 17.8. Revival and Reinstatement of Obligations Certain Waivers . If any member of the Lender Group or any Bank Product Provider repays, refunds, restores, or returns in whole or in part, any payment or property (including any proceeds of Collateral) previously paid or transferred to such member of the Lender Group or such Bank Product Provider in full or partial satisfaction of any Obligation or on account of any other obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document or any Bank Product Agreement, because the payment, transfer, or the incurrence of the obligation so satisfied is asserted or declared to be void, voidable, or otherwise recoverable under any law relating to creditors rights, including provisions of the Bankruptcy Code relating to fraudulent transfers, preferences, or other voidable or recoverable obligations or transfers (each, a Voidable Transfer ), or because such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider elects to do so on the reasonable advice of its counsel in connection with a claim that the payment, transfer, or incurrence is or may be a Voidable Transfer, then, as to any such Voidable Transfer, or the amount thereof that such member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider elects to repay, restore, or return (including pursuant to a settlement of any claim in respect thereof), and as to all reasonable costs, expenses, and attorneys fees of such 
 165 

member of the Lender Group or Bank Product Provider related thereto, (i) the liability of the Loan Parties with respect to the amount or property paid, refunded, restored, or returned will automatically and immediately be revived, reinstated, and restored and will exist, and (ii) Agent s Liens securing such liability shall be effective, revived, and remain in full force and effect, in each case, as fully as if such Voidable Transfer had never been made. If, prior to any of the foregoing, (A) Agent s Liens shall have been released or terminated, or (B) any provision of this Agreement shall have been terminated or cancelled, Agent s Liens, or such provision of this Agreement, shall be reinstated in full force and effect and such prior release, termination, cancellation or surrender shall not diminish, release, discharge, impair or otherwise affect the obligation of any Loan Party in respect of such liability or any Collateral securing such liability. This provision shall survive the termination of this Agreement and the repayment in full of the Obligations. 
 17.9. Confidentiality . 
 (a) Agent and Lenders each individually (and not jointly or jointly and severally) agree that material, non-public information regarding the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries, their operations, assets, and existing and contemplated business plans Confidential Information shall be treated by Agent and the Lenders in a confidential manner, and shall not be disclosed by Agent and the Lenders to Persons who are not parties to this Agreement, except (i) to attorneys for and other advisors, accountants, auditors, and consultants to any member of the Lender Group and to employees, directors and officers of any member of the Lender Group (the Persons in this clause (i), Lender Group Representatives on a need to know basis in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby and on a confidential basis, (ii) to Subsidiaries and Affiliates (other than Excluded Affiliates) of any member of the Lender Group (including the Bank Product Providers) provided , that any such Subsidiary or Affiliate shall have agreed to receive such information hereunder subject to the terms of this Section 17.9 , (iii) as may be required by regulatory authorities so long as such authorities are informed of the confidential nature of such information, (iv) as may be required by statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation provided , that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (iv), the disclosing party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing party is permitted to provide such prior notice to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the applicable statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation and (y) any disclosure under this clause (iv) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential Information as may be required by such statute, decision, or judicial or administrative order, rule, or regulation, (v) as may be agreed to in advance in writing by Borrowers, (vi) as requested or required by any Governmental Authority pursuant to any subpoena or other legal process provided , that (x) prior to any disclosure under this clause (vi) the disclosing party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior written notice thereof, to the extent that it is practicable to do so and to the extent that the disclosing party is permitted to provide such prior written notice to Borrowers pursuant to the terms of the subpoena or other legal process and (y) any disclosure under this clause (vi) shall be limited to the portion of the Confidential Information as may be required by such Governmental Authority pursuant to such subpoena or other legal process, (vii) as to any such information that 
 166 

is or becomes generally available to the public (other than as a result of prohibited disclosure by Agent or the Lenders or the Lender Group Representatives), (viii) in connection with any assignment, participation or pledge of any Lender s interest under this Agreement provided , that prior to receipt of Confidential Information any such assignee, participant, or pledgee shall have agreed in writing to receive such Confidential Information either subject to the terms of this Section 17.9 or pursuant to confidentiality requirements substantially similar to those contained in this Section 17.9 (and such Person may disclose such Confidential Information to Persons employed or engaged by them as described in clause (i) above), (ix) in connection with any litigation or other adversary proceeding involving parties hereto which such litigation or adversary proceeding involves claims related to the rights or duties of such parties under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents provided , that prior to any disclosure to any Person (other than any Loan Party, Agent, any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel) under this clause (ix) with respect to litigation involving any Person (other than any Borrower, Agent, any Lender, any of their respective Affiliates, or their respective counsel), the disclosing party agrees to provide Borrowers with prior written notice thereof, and (x) in connection with, and to the extent reasonably necessary for, the exercise of any secured creditor remedy under this Agreement or under any other Loan Document. 
 (b) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, Agent and each Lender may disclose information concerning the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to loan syndication and pricing reporting services or in its marketing or promotional materials, with such information to be limited to deal terms and other information customarily found in such publications or marketing or promotional materials and may otherwise use the name, logos, and other insignia of any Borrower or the other Loan Parties and the Commitments provided hereunder in any tombstone or other advertisements, on its website or in other marketing materials of the Agent and the Lenders. 
 (c) Each Loan Party agrees that Agent may make materials or information provided by or on behalf of Borrowers hereunder (collectively, Borrower Materials available to the Lenders by posting the Communications on IntraLinks, SyndTrak or a substantially similar secure electronic transmission system (the Platform ). The Platform is provided as is and as available. Agent does not warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Borrower Materials, or the adequacy of the Platform and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by Agent in connection with the Borrower Materials or the Platform. In no event shall Agent or any of the Agent-Related Persons have any liability to the Loan Parties, any Lender or any other person for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of any Loan Party s or Agent s transmission of communications through the Internet, except to the extent the liability of such person is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted from such person s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Each Loan Party further agrees that certain of the Lenders may be public-side Lenders (i.e., Lenders that do not wish to receive material non- 
 167 

public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities). The Loan Parties shall be deemed to have authorized Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders to treat Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC or otherwise at any time filed with the SEC as not containing any material non-public information with respect to the Loan Parties or their securities for purposes of United States federal and state securities laws. All Borrower Materials marked PUBLIC are permitted to be made available through a portion of the Platform designated as Public Investor (or another similar term). Agent and its Affiliates and the Lenders shall be entitled to treat any Borrower Materials that are not marked PUBLIC or that are not at any time filed with the SEC as being suitable only for posting on a portion of the Platform not marked as Public Investor (or such other similar term). 
 17.10. Survival . All representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that Agent, any Issuing Bank, or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or Event of Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of, or any accrued interest on, any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding or unpaid or any Letter of Credit is outstanding and so long as the Commitments have not expired or been terminated. 
 17.11. Patriot Act Due Diligence . Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the Patriot Act hereby notifies the Loan Parties that pursuant to the requirements of the Patriot Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies each Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of each Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify each Loan Party in accordance with the Patriot Act. In addition, Agent and each Lender shall have the right to periodically conduct due diligence on all Loan Parties, their senior management and key principals and legal and beneficial owners. Each Loan Party agrees to cooperate in respect of the conduct of such due diligence and further agrees that the reasonable costs and charges for any such due diligence by Agent shall constitute Lender Group Expenses hereunder and be for the account of Borrowers. 
 17.12. Integration . This Agreement, together with the other Loan Documents, reflects the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby and shall not be contradicted or qualified by any other agreement, oral or written, before the date hereof. The foregoing to the contrary notwithstanding, all Bank Product Agreements, if any, are independent agreements governed by the written provisions of such Bank Product Agreements, which will remain in full force and effect, unaffected by any repayment, prepayments, acceleration, reduction, increase, or change in the terms of any credit extended hereunder, except as otherwise expressly provided in such Bank Product Agreement. 
 168 

17.13. OIS as Agent for Borrowers . Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints OIS as the borrowing agent and attorney-in-fact for all Borrowers (the Administrative Borrower which appointment shall remain in full force and effect unless and until Agent shall have received prior written notice signed by each Borrower that such appointment has been revoked and that another Borrower has been appointed Administrative Borrower. Each Borrower hereby irrevocably appoints and authorizes the Administrative Borrower (a) to provide Agent with all notices with respect to Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit obtained for the benefit of any Borrower and all other notices and instructions under this Agreement and the other Loan Documents (and any notice or instruction provided by Administrative Borrower shall be deemed to be given by Borrowers hereunder and shall bind each Borrower), (b) to receive notices and instructions from members of the Lender Group (and any notice or instruction provided by any member of the Lender Group to the Administrative Borrower in accordance with the terms hereof shall be deemed to have been given to each Borrower), and (c) to take such action as the Administrative Borrower deems appropriate on its behalf to obtain Revolving Loans and Letters of Credit and to exercise such other powers as are reasonably incidental thereto to carry out the purposes of this Agreement. It is understood that the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral in a combined fashion, as more fully set forth herein, is done solely as an accommodation to Borrowers in order to utilize the collective borrowing powers of Borrowers in the most efficient and economical manner and at their request, and that Lender Group shall not incur liability to any Borrower as a result hereof. Each Borrower expects to derive benefit, directly or indirectly, from the handling of the Loan Account and the Collateral in a combined fashion since the successful operation of each Borrower is dependent on the continued successful performance of the integrated group. To induce the Lender Group to do so, and in consideration thereof, each Borrower hereby jointly and severally agrees to indemnify each member of the Lender Group and hold each member of the Lender Group harmless against any and all liability, expense, loss or claim of damage or injury, made against the Lender Group by any Borrower or by any third party whosoever, arising from or incurred by reason of (i) the handling of the Loan Account and Collateral of Borrowers as herein provided, or (ii) the Lender Group s relying on any instructions of the Administrative Borrower, except that Borrowers will have no liability to the relevant Agent-Related Person or Lender-Related Person under this Section 17.13 with respect to any liability that has been finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to have resulted solely from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Agent-Related Person or Lender-Related Person, as the case may be. 
 17.14. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 169 

(a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by an applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it, or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 17.15. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs . To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States). In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that 
 170 

rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. 
 17.16. No Setoff . All payments made by Borrowers hereunder or under any note or other Loan Document will be made without setoff, counterclaim, or other defense. 
 17.17. Certain ERISA Matters. 
 (a) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of Borrower or any other Loan Party, that at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (i) such Lender is not using plan assets (within the meaning of Section 3(42) of ERISA or otherwise) of one or more Benefit Plans with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments, or this Agreement, 
 (ii) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, 
 (iii) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14), (B) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, (C) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (D) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement, or 
 (iv) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 171 

(b) In addition, unless either (1) sub-clause (i) in the immediately preceding clause (a) is true with respect to a Lender or (2) a Lender has provided another representation, warranty and covenant in accordance with sub-clause (iv) in the immediately preceding clause (a), such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, that the Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Loans, the Letters of Credit, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or exercise of any rights by the Agent under this Agreement, any Loan Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 As used in this Section 17.17 , Benefit Plan means any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in and subject to Section 4975 of the IRC or (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of ERISA Section 3(42) or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the IRC) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan. 
 17.18. Erroneous Payments . 
 (a) Each Lender, each Issuing Bank, each other Bank Product Provider and any other party hereto hereby severally agrees that if (i) Agent notifies (which such notice shall be conclusive absent manifest error) such Lender or Issuing Bank or any Bank Product Provider (or the Lender which is an Affiliate of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Bank Product Provider) or any other Person that has received funds from Agent or any of its Affiliates, either for its own account or on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Bank Product Provider (each such recipient, a Payment Recipient that Agent has determined in its sole discretion that any funds received by such Payment Recipient were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Payment Recipient) or (ii) any Payment Recipient receives any payment from Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, as applicable, or (z) that such Payment Recipient otherwise becomes aware was transmitted or received in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) then, in each case, an error in payment shall be presumed to have been made (any such amounts specified in clauses (i) or (ii) of this Section 17.18(a), whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment ), then, in each case, such Payment Recipient is deemed to have knowledge of such error at the time of its receipt of such Erroneous Payment provided that nothing in this Section shall require Agent to provide any of the notices specified in clauses (i) or (ii) above. Each Payment Recipient agrees that it shall not assert any right or claim to any Erroneous 
 172 

Payment, and hereby waives any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payments, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 (b) Without limiting the immediately preceding clause (a), each Payment Recipient agrees that, in the case of clause (a)(ii) above, it shall promptly notify Agent in writing of such occurrence. 
 (c) In the case of either clause (a)(i) or (a)(ii) above, such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of Agent, and upon demand from Agent such Payment Recipient shall (or, shall cause any Person who received any portion of an Erroneous Payment on its behalf to), promptly, but in all events no later than one Business Day thereafter, return to Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made in same day funds and in the currency so received, together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to Agent at the greater of the Federal Funds Rate and a rate determined by Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. 
 (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (c), from any Lender that is a Payment Recipient or an Affiliate of a Payment Recipient (such unrecovered amount as to such Lender, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), then at the sole discretion of Agent and upon Agent s written notice to such Lender (i) such Lender shall be deemed to have made a cashless assignment of the full face amount of the portion of its Loans (but not its Commitments) with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans to Agent or, at the option of Agent, Agent s applicable lending affiliate (such assignee, the Agent Assignee in an amount that is equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Loans, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment plus any accrued and unpaid interest on such assigned amount, without further consent or approval of any party hereto and without any payment by Agent Assignee as the assignee of such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. Without limitation of its rights hereunder, following the effectiveness of the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, Agent may make a cashless reassignment to the applicable assigning Lender of any Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at any time by written notice to the applicable assigning Lender and upon such reassignment all of the Loans assigned pursuant to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be reassigned to such Lender without any requirement for payment or other consideration. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (1) any assignment contemplated in this clause (d) shall be made without any requirement for any payment or other consideration paid by the applicable assignee or received by the assignor, (2) the provisions of this clause (d) shall govern in the event of any 
 173 

conflict with the terms and conditions of Section 13 and (3) Agent may reflect such assignments in the Register without further consent or action by any other Person. 
 (e) Each party hereto hereby agrees that (x) in the event an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, Agent (1) shall be subrogated to all the rights of such Payment Recipient and (2) is authorized to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Payment Recipient under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by Agent to such Payment Recipient from any source, against any amount due to Agent under this Section 17.18 or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement, (y) the receipt of an Erroneous Payment by a Payment Recipient shall not for the purpose of this Agreement be treated as a payment, prepayment, repayment, discharge or other satisfaction of any Obligations owed by the Borrowers or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by Agent from the Borrowers or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making for a payment on the Obligations and (z) to the extent that an Erroneous Payment was in any way or at any time credited as payment or satisfaction of any of the Obligations, the Obligations or any part thereof that were so credited, and all rights of the Payment Recipient, as the case may be, shall be reinstated and continue in full force and effect as if such payment or satisfaction had never been received. 
 (f) Each party s obligations under this Section 17.18 shall survive the resignation or replacement of Agent or any transfer of right or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. 
 (g) The provisions of this Section 17.18 to the contrary notwithstanding, (i) nothing in this Section 17.18 will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from any Payment Recipient s receipt of an Erroneous Payment and (ii) there will only be deemed to be a recovery of the Erroneous Payment to the extent that Agent has received payment from the Payment Recipient in immediately available funds the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency, whether directly from the Payment Recipient, as a result of the exercise by Agent of its rights of subrogation or set off as set forth above in clause (e) or as a result of the receipt by Agent Assignee of a payment of the outstanding principal balance of the Loans assigned to Agent Assignee pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, but excluding any other amounts in respect thereof (it being agreed that any payments of interest, fees, expenses or other amounts (other than principal) received by Agent Assignee in respect of the Loans assigned to Agent Assignee pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment shall be the sole property of Agent Assignee and shall not constitute a recovery of the Erroneous Payment). 
 Continued on following page. 
 174 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered as of the date first above written. 
 
 BORROWER OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. , a Delaware corporation By Name Title 
 
 OIS CREDIT AGREEMENT 

WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , a national banking association, as Agent, as Joint Lead Arranger, as Joint Book Runner, and as a Lender By Name 
 Its Authorized Signatory 
 
 OIS CREDIT AGREEMENT 

BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. , a national banking association, as Joint Lead Arranger, as Joint Book Runner and as a Lender By Name Title 
 JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. , a national banking association, as Joint Lead Arranger, as Joint Book Runner and as a Lender By Name Title 
 ______________________________, as a Lender By Name Title 
 OIS CREDIT AGREEMENT 

Schedule C-1 
 Lender Revolver Commitment Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 40,000,000.00 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 35,000,000.00 Bank of America, N.A. 35,000,000.00 Royal Bank of Canada 15,000,000.00 TOTAL 125,000,000.00 

Schedule 3.1 
 The obligation of each Lender to make its initial extension of credit provided for in this Agreement is subject to the fulfillment, to the satisfaction of each Lender (the making of such initial extension of credit by any Lender being conclusively deemed to be its satisfaction or waiver of the following), of each of the following conditions precedent 
 (a) the Closing Date shall occur on or before February 10, 2021 
 (b) Agent shall have received appropriate Lien search results or certificates (including UCC lien search results or certificates and tax and judgment lien searches in the United States and other material jurisdictions) as of a recent date reflecting no prior Liens encumbering the assets of the Loan Parties other than those being released on or prior to the Closing Date or Permitted Liens 
 (c) Agent shall have received financing statements in appropriate form for filing in such office or offices as may be necessary to perfect the Agent s Liens in and to the Collateral 
 (d) Agent shall have received each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, duly executed and delivered, and each such document shall be in full force and effect 
 (i) this Agreement, 
 (ii) a completed Borrowing Base Certificate (which such Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of this Agreement), 
 (iii) reserved , 
 (iv) reserved, 
 (v) reserved , 
 (vi) the Fee Letter, 
 (vii) the Guaranty and Security Agreement, 
 (viii) the Intercompany Subordination Agreement, 
 (ix) a completed Perfection Certificate for each of the Loan Parties, 
 (x) the Patent Security Agreement, 
 (xi) the Trademark Security Agreement, 
 (xii) a letter, in form and substance satisfactory to Agent, from Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent under the Existing Credit Facility Existing Agent to Agent respecting the amount necessary to repay in full all of the 

obligations of Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries owing under the Existing Credit Facility, 
 (xiii) reserved , 
 (xiv) an officer s closing certificate, 
 (xv) any notes requested by Lenders, and 
 (xvi) a funds flow relative to the closing of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement 
 (e) Agent shall have received a certificate from the secretary, director or other Responsible Officer of each Loan Party (i) attesting to the resolutions of such Loan Party s board of directors (or similar governing body) authorizing its execution, delivery, and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (ii) authorizing specific officers of such Loan Party to execute the same, and (iii) attesting to the incumbency and signatures of such specific officers of such Loan Party 
 (f) Agent shall have received copies of each Loan Party s Governing Documents, as amended, modified, or supplemented to the Closing Date, which Governing Documents shall be (i) certified by the secretary, director or other Responsible Officer of such Loan Party, and (ii) with respect to Governing Documents that are charter documents, certified as of a recent date (not more than 30 days prior to the Closing Date) by the appropriate governmental official 
 (g) Agent shall have received a certificate of status with respect to each Loan Party, dated within 10 days of the Closing Date, such certificate to be issued by the appropriate officer of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party, which certificate shall indicate that such Loan Party is in good standing (or its equivalent) in such jurisdiction 
 (h) Agent shall have received certificates of status with respect to each Loan Party, each dated within 30 days of the Closing Date, such certificates to be issued by the appropriate officer of the jurisdictions (other than the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party) in which its failure to be duly qualified or licensed would constitute a Material Adverse Effect, which certificates shall indicate that such Loan Party is in good standing (or its equivalent) in such jurisdictions 
 (i) Agent shall have received certificates of insurance, together with the endorsements thereto, as are required by Section 5.6 of this Agreement, the form and substance of which shall be satisfactory to Agent 
 (j) Agent shall have received opinions addressed to Agent and the Lenders dated the Closing Date, each in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Agent, from (i) Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, United States counsel to the Loan Parties and (ii) BakerHostetler, special Washington counsel to the Loan Parties 

(k) Borrowers shall have the Required Availability after giving effect to the initial extensions of credit under this Agreement, the issuance of the Letters of Credit on the Closing Date, and the payment of all fees and expenses required to be paid by Borrowers on the Closing Date under this Agreement or the other Loan Documents 
 (l) Agent shall have completed its business, legal, and collateral due diligence, including (i) a field examination and review of Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries books and records and verification of Borrowers representations and warranties to Lender Group, (ii) an inspection of each of the locations where Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries Inventory is located, and (iii) a review of Borrowers and their respective Subsidiaries material agreements, in each case, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent, in each case, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent 
 (m) Agent shall have completed (i) Patriot Act searches, OFAC PEP searches and customary individual background checks for each Loan Party, and (ii) OFAC PEP searches and customary individual background searches for each Loan Party s senior management and key principals, the results of which shall be satisfactory to Agent 
 (n) Agent shall have received a set of Projections of Borrowers for the 3 year period following the Closing Date (on a year by year basis, and for the 1 year period following the Closing Date, on a quarterly basis), in form and substance (including as to scope and underlying assumptions) satisfactory to Agent 
 (o) Borrower shall have reimbursed Agent for all Lender Group Expenses incurred in connection with the transactions evidenced by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents to the extent invoiced on or prior to the Closing Date 
 (p) Agent shall have received a solvency certificate, in form and substance satisfactory to it, certifying as to the solvency of the Loan Parties taken as a whole after giving effect to the transactions evidenced by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the incurrence of the initial funding under this Agreement on the Closing Date 
 (q) At least five Business Days prior to the Closing Date, any Loan Party that qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall deliver a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to such Loan Party, which such Beneficial Ownership Certificate shall be complete and accurate in all respects 
 (r) Borrowers and each of their respective Subsidiaries shall have received all licenses, approvals or evidence of other actions required by any Governmental Authority in connection with the execution and delivery by Borrowers or their respective Subsidiaries of the Loan Documents or with the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby 
 (s) Receipt by Agent of commitments from Lenders satisfactory to Agent in an amount of not less than 125,000,000 
 (t) the Lenders shall have received credit committee approval for the transactions contemplated by the Agreement and 

(u) all other documents and legal matters in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall have been delivered, executed, or recorded and shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Agent. 

Schedule 5.1 
 Deliver to Agent (and if so requested by Agent, with copies for each Lender) each of the financial statements, reports, or other items set forth below at the following times in form satisfactory to Agent 
 as soon as available, but in any event within 30 days after the end of each of the first two fiscal months of each of Borrowers fiscal quarters, (a) an unaudited consolidated balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flow covering Borrowers and their Subsidiaries operations during such period and compared to the prior period and plan, together with any corresponding management reports prepared by OIS (on a basis consistent with its historical practices), and 
 (b) a Compliance Certificate along with the underlying calculations, including the calculations to arrive at Consolidated EBITDA and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (regardless of whether a Covenant Testing Period is then in effect). 
 as soon as available, but in any event within 50 days after the end of each of the first three fiscal quarters during each of Borrowers fiscal years, (c) an unaudited consolidated balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flow, and statement of stockholder s equity covering Borrowers and their Subsidiaries operations during such period and compared to the prior period, and 
 (d) a Compliance Certificate along with the underlying calculations, including the calculations to arrive at EBITDA and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (regardless of whether a Covenant Testing Period is then in effect). 
 as soon as available, but in any event within 90 days after the end of each of Administrative Borrower s fiscal years, (e) consolidated financial statements of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries for each such fiscal year, audited by independent certified public accountants reasonably acceptable to Agent and certified, without any qualifications (including any (i) going concern or like qualification or exception, (ii) qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit, or (iii) qualification which relates to the treatment or classification of any item and which, as a condition to the removal of such qualification, would require an adjustment to such item, the effect of which would be to cause any noncompliance with the provisions of Section 7 of the Agreement), except as resulting from the impending maturity of any Indebtedness within the 12-month period following the relevant audit date, by such accountants to have been prepared in accordance with GAAP (such audited financial statements to include a balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flow, and statement of stockholder s equity, and, if prepared, such accountants letter to management), and 
 (f) a Compliance Certificate along with the underlying calculations, including the calculations to arrive at Consolidated EBITDA and Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio (regardless of whether a Covenant Testing Period is then in effect). 

as soon as available, but in any event within 60 after the start of each of Administrative Borrower s fiscal years, (g) copies of Borrowers Projections, in form and substance (including as to scope and underlying assumptions) satisfactory to Agent, in its Permitted Discretion, for the forthcoming three years, year by year, and for the forthcoming fiscal year, quarter by quarter, certified by the chief financial officer of Administrative Borrower as being such officer s good faith estimate of the financial performance of Borrowers and their Subsidiaries during the period covered thereby. 
 if and when filed by Administrative Borrower, (h) Form 10-Q quarterly reports and Form 10-K annual reports. 
 promptly, but in any event within 5 Business Days after a Responsible Officer of any Loan Party has knowledge of any event or condition that constitutes a Default or an Event of Default, (i) notice of such event or condition and a statement of the curative action that Borrowers propose to take with respect thereto. 
 promptly after the commencement thereof, but in any event within 5 days after the service of process with respect thereto on any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, (j) notice of all actions, suits, or proceedings brought by or against any Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries before any Governmental Authority which reasonably could be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 upon the written request of Agent, (k) any other information reasonably requested relating to the financial condition of any Borrower or its Subsidiaries. 
 
 Documents required to be delivered pursuant to clauses (c), (e), and (h) of this Schedule 5.1 may be delivered electronically and shall be deemed to have been delivered if such documents, or one or more annual, quarterly or other reports or filings containing such documents (including, in the case of certifications required pursuant to clause (c), the certifications accompanying any such quarterly report pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), (i) shall have been posted on or provided a link to Administrative Borrower s website on the Internet at www.oilstatesintl.com , (ii) shall be available on the website of the SEC at http www.sec.gov or (iii) shall have been posted on Administrative Borrower s behalf on SyndTrak or another website, if any, to which each Lender and Agent have access (whether a commercial, third-party website or whether sponsored by Agent) provided that, in each of the foregoing cases, a link to such materials is delivered electronically by Administrative Borrower to Agent within the applicable deadlines. 

Schedule 5.2 
 Provide Agent (and if so requested by Agent, with copies for each Lender) with each of the documents set forth below at the following times in form satisfactory to Agent 
 If (x) no Increased Reporting Period is in effect, monthly (no later than the 30th day of each month, or the 28 th day of February or the 29 th day of February in any leap year), or (y) an Increased Reporting Period is in effect, with respect to all items other than clause (c), weekly (no later than Wednesday of each week, commencing with the first such day to occur during any Increased Reporting Period), 
 (a) a completed Borrowing Base Certificate (which such Borrowing Base Certificate shall be delivered in accordance with the provisions of Section 5.2 of this Agreement), calculating the Borrowing Base, 
 (b) a detailed aging, by total, of each Borrowing Base Party s billed and unbilled Accounts (in the case of unbilled Accounts, aged by reference to the completion date with respect to those divisions for which such data was provided to Agent prior to the Closing Date), together with a reconciliation and supporting documentation for any reconciling items noted and detailing which billed and unbilled Accounts are related to progress or milestone billings, or which are otherwise conditioned upon the applicable Borrowing Base Party s completion of any further performance or service, 
 (c) a monthly Account roll-forward, in a format acceptable to Agent in its discretion, tied to the beginning and ending account receivable balances of the Borrowing Base Parties general ledger, 
 (d) a detailed calculation of those Accounts that are not eligible for the Borrowing Base, 
 (e) notice of all claims, offsets, or disputes asserted by Account Debtors with respect to each Borrowing Base Party s Accounts, 
 (f) Inventory system perpetual reports specifying the carrying value (calculated using costing methodologies on a basis consistent with OIS s historical accounting practices and those reports provided to Agent prior to the Closing Date) of each Borrowing Base Party s Inventory, by category, with additional detail showing a detailed calculation of Inventory categories that are not eligible for the Borrowing Base, 
 (g) a detailed aging, by vendor, of each Loan Party s accounts payable and any book overdraft and an aging, by vendor, of any held checks, and 
 (h) a detailed report regarding each Loan Party s and its Subsidiaries cash and Cash Equivalents. 
 Monthly (no later than the 30th day of each month, or the 28 th day of February), 
 (i) a reconciliation of Accounts, accounts payable, and Inventory of the Borrowing Base Parties general ledger to its monthly financial statements, including any book reserves related to each category. Quarterly (no later than the 50th day after the end of each fiscal quarter), (j) a report regarding each Loan Party s and its Subsidiaries accrued, but unpaid, ad valorem taxes, and 
 (k) a detailed list of each Loan Party s and its Subsidiaries customers in respect of all Accounts, with address and contact information. 

Annually (no later than the 90th day after the end of each fiscal year), (l) a Perfection Certificate or a supplement to the Perfection Certificate. promptly but in any event within 2 days after any Loan Party acquires any Margin Stock, (m) notice of such acquisition, together with a description of the Margin Stock and a Form U-1 (with sufficient additional originals thereof for each Lender) duly executed and delivered by the Borrowers, together with such other documentation as Agent shall reasonably request, in order to enable Agent and the Lenders to comply with any of the requirements under Regulations T, U or X of the Federal Reserve Board. Upon request by Agent, (n) copies of purchase orders and invoices for Inventory acquired by any Loan Party or its Subsidiaries, 
 (o) copies of invoices together with corresponding shipping and delivery documents, and credit memos together with corresponding supporting documentation, with respect to invoices and credit memos in excess of an amount determined in the sole discretion of Agent, from time to time, 
 (p) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in parts (c) or (d) of such certification, 
 (q) such other reports as to the Collateral of any Loan Party and its Subsidiaries, as Agent may reasonably request, 
 (r) a report (in writing, if requested by the Agent) regarding the status of claims, arbitration, or litigation relating to the Seller Note and claims, arbitration, or litigation relating to any indemnification claims relating to the acquisition by OIS of GEODynamics in January, 2018 (excluding any information which is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege), and 
 (s) a report, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Agent, listing all Accounts of each Borrowing Base Party which represent progress or milestone billings, or which are otherwise conditioned upon the applicable Borrowing Base Party s completion of any further performance or service, which report shall include, with respect to each such Account and the related underlying contract, (i) the name of the applicable Account Debtor, (ii) the aggregate amount actually paid (and a good faith estimate of the amount remaining to be or expected to be paid) by the applicable Account Debtor with respect to the underlying contract (assuming completion thereof by the applicable Borrowing Base Party) as of the last day of the then most recently ended fiscal month, (iii) the dollar amount of performance or service remaining to be provided by the applicable Borrowing Base Party with respect to such Account, and (iv) whether any amount payable by such Account Debtor in respect of the underlying contract is past due. 

Exhibit L-1 
 Please see attached. 

EXHIBIT L-1 
 
 FORM OF SOFR NOTICE 
 __________ , 20 ___ 
 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Agent 1100 Abernathy Road 
 Suite 1600 
 Atlanta, GA 30328 
 Attn Loan Portfolio Manager 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is hereby made to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of February ___ , 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Oil States International, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as a Borrower (as defined therein), the other Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders (as defined therein) from time to time party thereto, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, a national banking association Wells Fargo ), as administrative agent for each member of the Lender Group (as defined therein) and the Bank Product Providers (as defined therein) (in such capacity, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity Agent ). Capitalized terms used herein, but not specifically defined herein, shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 This SOFR Notice represents Borrowers request to elect the SOFR Option with respect to outstanding Revolving Loans in the amount of __________ (the SOFR Advance ). 
 The SOFR Advance will have an Interest Period of 1, 3, or 6 month(s). 
 Such Interest Period is requested to commence on __________ . 
 This SOFR Notice further confirms Borrowers acceptance, for purposes of determining the rate of interest based on SOFR as determined pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 
 Continued on following page. 

OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. , as Administrative Borrower By Name Title 

Acknowledged by 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as Agent By Name Title 

</EX-10.9>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 ois_20221231xex211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 21.1 

 OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 SUBSIDIARY STATE COUNTRY E-Flow Control Holding Limited United Kingdom GEODynamics, Inc. Delaware GEODynamics (U.K.) Limited United Kingdom Oil States Energy Services (Canada) Inc. Alberta, Canada Oil States Energy Services Holding, Inc. Delaware Oil States Energy Services L.L.C. Delaware OIS Cyprus Limited Cyprus Oil States Industries, Inc. Delaware Oil States Industries (Asia) Pte Ltd. Singapore Oil States Industries do Brasil - Instalacoes Maritimas Ltda Brazil Oil States Industries 1 B.V. Netherlands Oil States Industries (India) Private Limited India Oil States Industries Singapore Holdco B.V. Netherlands Oil States Industries US, Inc. Delaware Oil States Industries (UK) Limited United Kingdom Oil States Management Inc. Delaware Oil States Industries (Thailand) Ltd. Thailand Oil States Skagit SMATCO L.L.C. Delaware OSES International, LLC Delaware Tempress Technologies, Inc. Washington 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 ois_20221231xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements 
 1) Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-266037) of Oil States International, Inc., 2) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-2565777) pertaining to the Amended and Restated Equity Participation Plan of Oil States International, Inc., and 
 3) Registration Statement (Form S-8 No. 333-63050) pertaining to the Deferred Compensation Plan of Oil States International, Inc. 
 
 of our reports dated February 17, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Oil States International, Inc. and subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Oil States International, Inc. and subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10 K) of Oil States International, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 s Ernst & Young LLP 
 Houston, Texas 
 February 17, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-24.1>
 6
 ois_20221231xex241.htm
 EX-24.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 24.1 

 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 The undersigned directors of Oil States International, Inc. (the Company do hereby constitute and appoint each of Cindy B. Taylor and Lloyd A. Hajdik, signing singly, with full power of substitution, our true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents to do any and all acts and things in our name and behalf in our capacities as directors, and to execute any and all instruments for us and in our names in such capacities indicated below which such person may deem necessary or advisable to enable the Company to comply with the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and any rules, regulations and requirements for the Securities and Exchange Commission, in connection with the Company's annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, including specifically, but not limited to, power and authority to sign for us, or any of us, in our capacities indicated below to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and to any instrument or document filed as a part of, or in connection with, said Annual Report on Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto and we do hereby ratify and confirm all that such person or persons shall do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the undersigned has executed this Power of Attorney as of the dates set forth beside their respective names below. 
 SIGNATURE TITLE DATE s Robert L. Potter Robert L. Potter Chairman of the Board February 17, 2023 s Denise Castillo-Rhodes Denise Castillo-Rhodes Director February 17, 2023 s Lawrence R. Dickerson Lawrence R. Dickerson Director February 17, 2023 s Darrell E. Hollek Darrell E. Hollek Director February 17, 2023 s Christopher T. Seaver Christopher T. Seaver Director February 17, 2023 s Hallie A. Vanderhider Hallie A. Vanderhider Director February 17, 2023 s E. Joseph Wright E. Joseph Wright Director February 17, 2023 

</EX-24.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ois_20221231xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 OF OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a 14(a) AND RULE 15d 14(a) UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Cindy B. Taylor, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oil States International, Inc. (Registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Cindy B. Taylor Name Cindy B. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ois_20221231xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 OF OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a 14(a) AND RULE 15d 14(a) UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 
 
 I, Lloyd A. Hajdik, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oil States International, Inc. (Registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Date February 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ois_20221231xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 OF OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 AND RULE 13a 14(b) UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oil States International, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Cindy B. Taylor, President and Chief Executive Officer of Oil States International, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Cindy B. Taylor Name Cindy B. Taylor President and Chief Executive Officer Date February 17, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 ois_20221231xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 EXHIBIT 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF 
 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 OF OIL STATES INTERNATIONAL, INC. 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 AND RULE 13a 14(b) UNDER THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Oil States International, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lloyd A. Hajdik, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Oil States International, Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify, to the best of my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Lloyd A. Hajdik Name Lloyd A. Hajdik Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Date February 17, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 ois-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 ois-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 ois-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 ois-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 ois-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

