<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230227_10-K_edgar_data_890564_0000890564-23-000004.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8623466</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>173069</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1547582</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2790062</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2066859</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1900859</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000890564-23-000004.hdr.sgml : 20230227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230224173405
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000890564-23-000004
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230224

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ASGN Inc
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000890564
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HELP SUPPLY SERVICES [7363]
		IRS NUMBER:				954023433
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35636
		FILM NUMBER:		23668875

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 COX ROAD, SUITE 110
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23060
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8188787900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4400 COX ROAD, SUITE 110
		CITY:			GLEN ALLEN
		STATE:			VA
		ZIP:			23060

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ON ASSIGNMENT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000890564-23-000004.txt : 20230227

10-K
 1
 asgn-20221231.htm
 10-K

asgn-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 (the "Act") 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 orporated 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address, including zip code, of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code): 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 None 
 (Title of Class) 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements of the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has led a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting rm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of our common stock (based upon the closing price of the stock on the New York Stock Exchange) held by non-affiliates of the registrant was billion. 
 As of February 17, 2023, the registrant had million outstanding shares of Common Stock, 0.01 par value. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

ASGN INCORPORATED 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I Item 1. Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 6 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 
 Item 2. Properties 
 13 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 13 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 13 
 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 14 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 15 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 18 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 19 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 40 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 42 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 
 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 43 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 43 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 43 
 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 43 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 43 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 

SPECIAL NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Such statements are based upon current expectations, as well as management s beliefs and assumptions and involve a high degree of risk and uncertainty. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Statements that include the words "believes," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our anticipated financial and operating performance for future periods. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed or suggested in the forward-looking statements herein. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, the following: (1) actual demand for our services; (2) the availability of qualified contract professionals and our ability to attract, train and retain them; (3) our ability to remain competitive in obtaining and retaining clients; (4) management of our growth; (5) continued performance and integration of our enterprise-wide information systems; (6) our ability to manage our litigation matters; (7) the successful integration of our acquired subsidiaries; (8) maintenance of our Federal Government Segment contract backlog; an d (9) the factors described in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (" 2022 10-K"). Other factors also may contribute to the differences between our forward-looking statements and our actual results. In addition, as a result of these and other factors, our past financial performance should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. All forward-looking statements in this document are based on information available to us as of the date we file this 2022 10-K, and we assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statement or the reasons why our actual results may differ. 
 1 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 Overview and History 
 
 ASGN Incorporated ("ASGN," "we," or "us") is a leading provider of information technology (IT) services and professional solutions, including technology and creative digital marketing, across the commercial and government sectors. We operate through two segments, Commercial and Federal Government, which promote balance and strength through economic cycles. Our Commercial Segment, which is our largest segment, provides consulting, creative digital marketing and permanent placement services primarily to large enterprises and Fortune 1000 companies. Our Federal Government Segment provides mission-critical solutions to the Department of Defense, the intelligence community and federal civilian agencies. 
 
 We have grown through a combination of organic growth and strategic acquisitions. Over the last five years, we acquired ECS Federal, LLC ("ECS") in April 2018 and 11 "tuck-in" acquisitions that align with our strategy to expand our IT consulting services and solutions capabilities in the commercial and federal government markets. 
 
 ASGN was incorporated in 1992. Our principal office is located at 4400 Cox Road, Suite 110, Glen Allen, Virginia 23060, and our telephone number is (888) 482-8068. 
 
 Commercial Segment 
 
 Our Commercial Segment (75.0 percent of 2022 consolidated revenues) provides a broad spectrum of IT services and solutions and creative digital marketing services primarily to Fortune 1000 and large enterprise clients. Growth in this segment is being driven by digital transformation and innovation requirements, workforce mobilization and modern enterprise needs across five industry verticals and their respective subsectors. Our talent pool which includes onshore, nearshore and offshore resources, can be deployed in short duration solution-specific engagements or long-term consultative roles. Our roots in IT staffing offer a strong account base and foothold in our clients businesses, while our consulting offerings enable us to offer more value to our accounts, with higher growth and high-end, high margin work. Corporate support activities are primarily based in Richmond, Virginia, and there is a network of 97 branch offices across the United States, and six branch offices across Canada and Europe. In addition to our branch offices, we have one near-shore delivery center in Mexico and will open a second Mexican delivery center in early 2023 to expand our near-shore capabilities. We also maintain a smaller delivery center in India. 
 
 Assignment We provide our clients with experienced IT and creative digital marketing contract professionals for temporary assignments and project engagements. Our contract professionals have knowledge and experience in specialized technical and creative digital marketing services that make them qualified to fill a given assignment or project. 
 
 Consulting We provide workforce mobilization, modern enterprise and digital innovation IT consulting services. Our contract professionals and subject matter experts deliver solutions that are customer focused and value driven. We provide a continuum of cloud, data and analytics, cyber/information security, artificial intelligence/machine learning and digital transformation solutions to support our clients modern enterprise and digital needs. 
 
 Federal Government Segment 
 
 Our Federal Government Segment (25.0 percent of 2022 consolidated revenues) delivers advanced solutions in cloud and enterprise IT, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, machine learning, application and digital transformation to some of the world's leading agencies in both the public and private sectors. Our team of skilled experts tackle critical and highly-complex challenges for customers in the U.S. defense, intelligence and federal civilian agencies. We maintain relationships with leading cloud, cybersecurity and artificial intelligence/machine learning providers and hold specialized certifications in these technologies. 
 
 The segment provides services under time-and-materials, cost reimbursable and firm-fixed-price contracts. Contracts range from approximately three to five years in length. We have contract backlog of 3.3 billion as of December 31, 2022, which represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under awarded contracts including task orders and options. Corporate support activities are based in Fairfax, Virginia, and there are 28 branch offices located across the United States . 
 
 Industry and Market Dynamics 
 
 ASGN is a leading provider of IT services and professional solutions, including technology and creative digital marketing, across the commercial and government sectors. ASGN helps leading corporate enterprises and government organizations develop, implement and operate critical IT and business solutions through its integrated offering of professional staffing and IT consulting services and solutions. Our total addressable market is approximately 572 billion. It includes 384 billion in commercial IT consulting, 124 billion in government IT services and solutions and 64 billion in professional staffing. 
 
 We anticipate that our clients will increase their use of contract labor, professional staffing and consulting services in 2023. By using our contract labor professional staffing and consulting services, our clients benefit from cost structure advantages, flexibility to address fluctuating demand in business, and access to greater expertise. Our business model continues to evolve in line with client needs and expectations to focus on higher-end, higher-margin IT consulting services and solutions capabilities, particularly those related to digital 
 2 

transformation and other areas of technology change and specialization including data analytics, artificial intelligence/machine learning, big data, process automation and information security. We intend to continue to grow our diverse client base by focusing on large, stable accounts that are quick adopters of new technologies. We will invest in our organic growth while simultaneously looking to execute acquisitions in the commercial and federal government end markets focusing on consulting companies that provide us with new solution capabilities, industry expertise or government contract awards. 
 
 Clients 
 
 We serve our clients by effectively understanding their IT, consulting and digital creative marketing services needs and providing them qualified professionals with a unique combination of skills, experience and expertise to meet those needs. Our clients set rigorous requirements for the talent they are seeking, and we use our extensive databases and deep relationships with our contract professionals to quickly identify and pre-screen candidates whose qualifications meet those requirements. We are responsible for recruiting, verifying credentials upon request, hiring, administering pay and benefits, compliance and training, as applicable. In 2022, revenues from contracts directly with U.S. federal government agencies were approximately 21 percent of consolidated revenues and no other client represented more than 10 percent of revenues. 
 
 Candidates 
 
 We recruit candidates with backgrounds in IT services and consulting and digital creative marketing who seek contract or permanent work opportunities. When we place these candidates on assignments or consulting projects with clients, they become our employees. Many of these contract professionals, and those we place via subcontractors, are paid hourly wage or contract rates based on their specific skills. We pay the related costs of employment including social security taxes, federal and state unemployment taxes, workers compensation insurance and other similar costs for our employees. After achieving minimum service periods and/or hours worked, our contract professionals are offered access to medical and other voluntary benefit programs (e.g., dental, vision, disability) and the right to participate in our 401(k) retirement savings plan. Each contract professional s employment relationship with us is terminable at will. We employed approximately 50,000 contract professionals throughout 2022, or approximately 25,500 on a full-time-equivalent ("FTE") basis. 
 
 Strategy 
 
 ASGN's strategy is to be a leading provider of IT services and professional solutions, including technology and creative digital marketing, across the commercial and federal government sectors. We are focused on high-margin work with high-volume scalable clients and projects, for large commercial enterprise accounts and federal government customers. We have built a sizable commercial consulting platform, and we plan to continue to grow our revenues both organically and through acquisitions. Our acquisition strategy focuses on IT consulting companies that add new services, capabilities and contracts that support our commercial and federal government customer needs and that are in high demand by our customer base. 
 
 Our strategic innovation efforts and technology investments focus on putting the best productivity tools in the hands of our recruiters, our candidates and our clients, so that it is seamless for clients and contract professionals to work with ASGN. We position our teams to stay at the forefront of emerging trends in digitization and candidate sourcing to better position our businesses and improve how we serve clients and consultants. 
 
 Competition 
 
 We see ourselves as a hybrid between pure staff augmentation and pure-play consulting due to the way in which we provide human capital on a project-by-project basis. We compete with other large publicly-held and privately-owned providers of human capital in the professional staffing and IT and management consulting service segments on a local, regional, national and international basis across the commercial and government end markets. With an industry focus that is supported by our solutions, our unique deployment model allows us to provide the right services at the right time. Our experienced engagement leaders and methodologies help our clients solve critical problems and create incremental value for their organizations. 
 
 From a talent perspective, we offer more opportunities for the billable professional and are viewed as a better partner for their career objectives. In addition, competitive factors that attract qualified candidates are salaries and benefits; availability and variety of opportunities; quality, duration and location of assignments (if not remote/hybrid); and responsiveness to requests for placement. Many people seeking contract employment through us may also be pursuing employment through other means. Therefore, the speed at which we assign prospective professionals and the availability of attractive and appropriate assignments are important factors in our ability to fill open positions. 
 
 From a client perspective, the principal competitive factors in obtaining and retaining clients are properly assessing the clients specific job and project requirements, the appropriateness of the professional assigned to the client, the price of services and monitoring our clients satisfaction. Although we believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors and maintain an intimacy and institutional knowledge with our clients that enables us to successfully compete in the market, we expect competition to continue to increase. Unlike our competitors, particularly in the traditional consulting space, for the majority of our business we do not rely upon a bench to support us; rather, we use our database and a deep labor pool of highly-skilled technical talent developed over decades to provide and build teams that offer our clients a full suite of services from staff augmentation to traditional consulting. This shared resource model provides sophisticated project delivery capabilities with a cost advantage that has enabled us to grow above industry averages. 
 
 3 

Human Capital 
 
 Our workforce is the heart of our business. Our diverse talent pool helps build and maintain our competitive advantage as a global IT staffing and consulting firm. During 2022, we employed approximately 4,000 internal employees, including sales directors, account managers, recruiters and corporate office employees. We support our employees and contract professionals through the following initiatives: 
 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion ASGN is committed to gender and racial equality goals across all levels of employment. We have diversity, equity and inclusion ("DEI") training, recruitment, retention and advancement programs across all brands, which include mandatory training to raise awareness and eliminate unconscious bias in hiring and promotion practices. Our DEI manager oversees a program designed to (i) encourage and support personal and professional development for employees from all ethnicities, races, religions and backgrounds and (ii) empower more women to become leaders. In 2022, a "mentee-led" mentorship pilot program was successful. Mentors reported the value of developing the next generation of leaders at ASGN while mentees reported help navigating interpersonal challenges as well as with preparations to take the next steps in their careers. 
 
 Through our participation in the United Nations Global Compact s Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) Accelerator Program in 2022, ASGN aligned with SDG 5 (Gender Equality) and SDG 10 (Reduced Inequalities). To encourage more participation from, and support of, diverse businesses in our supply chain, ASGN established a Company-wide Vendor Diversity Policy. We exceeded our Company-wide commitment to employ at least 40 percent women and diverse people (including racial and ethnic diversity, sexual orientation, physical abilities, and veteran status) in senior executive positions, ahead of our target date of 2025. Also in 2022, ASGN proudly became a signatory to the UN s Women s Empowerment Principles (WEPs) to help guide us toward a more gender equal workplace. Women accounted for over 40 percent of our internal workforce and employees from underrepresented racial and ethnic groups accounted for over 30 percent of our internal workforce based on our census data as of December 31, 2022. Three of ASGN s eleven Board of Directors are women, and two members identify as being from an underrepresented group. 
 
 Health, Safety and Well-being Our training and development opportunities aim to address, among other things, ethics and integrity; diversity and workplace inclusion; discrimination and harassment; unconscious bias; cybersecurity, privacy and information security; and workplace safety. We reward employees with attractive compensation and benefits packages, which may include medical, dental and vision plans; short- and long-term disability; life and accident insurance; health savings accounts and flexible spending accounts; and savings plans. We further support our employees emotional and physical health with wellness programming and personal growth workshops. In 2022 we adopted Company-wide Employee Wellness and Workplace Health and Safety policies. ASGN focused on providing a safe and healthy workplace. We understand that taking care of our employees health is an expression of our values, essential to our business, and a vital aspect of building a happier workplace. Through our employee wellness programming, we aspire to help our employees reduce stress, improve their physical health and stamina, and flourish mentally and emotionally. Finally, in the wake of COVID-19, and to support work-life balance, ASGN is continuing to offer flexible work schedules. 
 
 Employee Engagement, Retention and Development We are committed to career advancement through training and development that supports both personal and professional growth. Employees are provided with a comprehensive training program of continuing education and professional development that helps them stay ahead and deliver excellent results. In 2022, we implemented our first Company-wide employee engagement survey and we achieved a 71 percent overall participation rate. To promote more employee engagement in areas that are most meaningful to our diverse array of employees, we support Employee Resource Groups ("ERGs"). ERGs are voluntary, employee-led groups whose aim is to foster a diverse and inclusive workplace aligned with the organizations they serve and are designed to provide personal support and/or career development and create a safe space where employees can bring their whole selves to the table. They are also designed to help diverse employees be better prepared to move up within the organization. All our Commercial Segment divisions have ERGs in place, while our Federal Government Segment plans to roll out 11 new ERGs in 2023. ERGs at ASGN include: Black, 50Forward, Pride, Valor, Families and Women. In addition to ERGs, ASGN and its brands also support Employee Community Groups (ECGs), voluntary social circles of employees who join based on shared values, interests, perspectives or goals. ECGs at ASGN include: Caregivers, Environment and Wellness. Both types of employee groups enhance the well-being of the employees who choose to participate. 
 
 Collaborative Performance Management We strongly support the belief that our employees should be the primary drivers of their own career growth. Employees are encouraged to seek opportunities that align with their long-term career goals, whether that be lateral job changes, cross-functional training, serving on committees or special projects, or any activity that will help to progress their career. Our performance management process emphasizes clear goals with timely and constructive feedback. 
 
 We encourage you to visit the Sustainability section of our website for more detailed information regarding our workforce programs and initiatives. Nothing on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this 2022 10-K. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 
 We take reasonable steps to ensure that our contract professionals possess all current licenses and certifications required for each placement. We provide state-mandated workers compensation insurance, unemployment insurance and professional liability insurance for our internal employees and our contract professionals who are our employees. These expenses have a direct effect on our costs of services, margins and likelihood of achieving or maintaining profitability. 
 
 For a further discussion of government regulation associated with our business, see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 4 

Available Information and Access to Reports 
 
 We electronically file our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and all amendments to those reports and statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC"). The SEC maintains an internet site sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information technology regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. You may also read and copy any of our reports that are filed with the SEC by visiting: 
 
 Our website, asgn.com ; or 
 By contacting our Investor Relations Department at info@asgn.com. 
 
 Our reports are available through any of the foregoing means and are available free of charge on our website as soon as practicable after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Also available on our website are copies of our Code of Ethics for the Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers, Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Corporate Governance Guidelines and the charters for the committees of our Board of Directors. We intend to disclose any amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of our Code of Ethics for Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers on our website promptly after the amendment or waiver has been granted. 
 
 5 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is subject to various risks, including, but not limited to those described below, all of which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition, and as a result, could cause a decline in the trading price of our common stock. 
 
 Profitability and Operational Risks 
 
 If we are not able to remain competitive in obtaining and retaining clients, our future growth will suffer. Many of our agreements may be terminated by clients at will and the termination of a significant number of such agreements would adversely affect our revenues and results of operations. 
 
 The professional staffing and consulting services industry is highly competitive and fragmented with limited barriers to entry. We compete in national, regional and local markets with full-service agencies and in regional and local markets with specialized contract staffing agencies and consulting businesses. The success of our business depends upon our ability to continually secure new orders from clients and to fill those orders with our contract professionals. 
 
 Most of our agreements with clients do not provide for exclusive use of our services and many of our agreements may be terminated at will. As such, clients are free to place orders with our competitors. If clients terminate a significant number of our staffing and consulting agreements or do not use us for future assignments and we are unable to generate new work to replace lost revenues, the growth of our business could be adversely affected, and our revenues and results of operations could be harmed. As a result, it is imperative to our business that we maintain positive relationships with our clients. In our consulting business, clients may delay or cancel bookings which may cause expected revenues to be realized in a later period or not at all. If we are not able to comply with performance requirements, our revenues and relationships with our clients may be adversely affected. 
 
 To the extent that competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices or increasing marketing expenditures, we could lose revenues and our margins could decline, which could harm our operating results and cause the trading price of our stock to decline. We expect competition for clients to increase in the future, and the success and growth of our business depends on our ability to remain competitive. In addition, we participate in a number of third-party contracts as a subcontractor and that requires us to participate in vendor management contracts, which may subject us to greater risks or lower margins. 
 
 If we are unable to attract and retain qualified contract professionals, our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Our business is substantially dependent upon our ability to attract and retain contract professionals who possess the skills, experience, advanced degrees, certifications, and licenses which may be required to meet the specified requirements of our clients. We compete for such contract professionals with other staffing and consulting companies, government contractors, and our clients and potential clients. There can be no assurance that qualified professionals will be available to us in adequate numbers to staff our temporary assignments. Moreover, our contract professionals are often hired to become regular employees of our clients and their employment is terminable at will. Attracting and retaining contract professionals depends on several factors, including our ability to provide contract professionals with desirable assignments and competitive wages and benefits. The cost of attracting and retaining contract professionals in the future may be higher than we anticipate if there is an increase in competitive wages and benefits and, as a result, if we are unable to pass these costs on to our clients, our likelihood of achieving or maintaining profitability could decline. In periods of low unemployment, there may be a shortage of and significant competition for, the skilled contract professionals sought by our clients. If we are unable to attract and retain a sufficient number of contract professionals to meet client demand, we may be required to forgo revenue opportunities, which may hurt the growth of our business. In periods of high unemployment, contract professionals frequently opt for full-time employment directly with clients and, due to a large pool of available candidates, clients are able to directly hire and recruit qualified candidates without the involvement of staffing agencies. 
 
 Sometimes we utilize subcontractors to provide us with qualified professionals. The subcontractors are generally small companies that may lack the resources or experience to comply with complex and fluid wage and hour and other laws. A subcontractor s failure in this regard could adversely affect our ability to perform and subject us to additional legal liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our relationships with clients and on our results of operations. 
 
 Our future performance depends on the Company s effective execution of our business strategy. 
 
 Over the past several years, we have experienced revenue and earnings growth both organically and through acquisitions. There is no assurance that we will be able to continue this pace of growth in the future or meet our strategic objectives for growth. Our growth could be adversely affected by many factors, including future technology industry conditions, macroeconomic events such as inflation, recession, and interest rate increases, competition, and labor market trends or regulations. If our growth rate slows, or we fail to grow at the pace anticipated and we are unsuccessful in our growth initiatives and strategies, our financial results could be less than our expectations or those of investors or analysts. 
 
 Our business strategy also includes continuing efforts to integrate and optimize our organization, programs, technology and delivery of services to make us a more agile and effective competitor, to reduce the cost of operating our business and to increase our operating profit and operating profit margin. We may not be successful in our continuing integration and optimization efforts, which may cause us to fail to achieve the cost savings we anticipate or limit our ability to scale growth. Further, we may fail to prevent the return of costs eliminated in 
 6 

these efforts. If we are not successful in implementing our integration and optimization efforts, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We may not successfully make or integrate acquisitions, which could harm our business and growth. 
 
 As part of our growth strategy, we have made numerous acquisitions, and we intend to continue to pursue select acquisitions in the future. We compete with other companies in the professional staffing and consulting industries for acquisition opportunities and there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates or be able to complete future acquisitions on favorable terms, if at all. In making acquisitions, we may pay substantial amounts of cash, incur debt or issue securities to finance our acquisitions, which would adversely affect our liquidity or capital resources or result in dilution to our stockholders. There also can be no assurance that we will realize the benefits expected from any transaction or receive a favorable return on investment from our acquisitions. 
 
 All of our acquisitions have been integrated into the business. The integration of an acquisition involves a number of factors that may affect our operations. These factors include diversion of management s attention from other business concerns, difficulties or delay in the integration of acquired operations, retention of key personnel, significant unanticipated costs or legal liabilities, and tax and accounting issues. Furthermore, once we have integrated an acquired business, the business may not achieve anticipated levels of revenue, profitability or productivity, or otherwise perform as expected. Any of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 An impairment in the carrying amount of goodwill and other intangible assets could require a write-down that materially and adversely affects our results of operations and net worth. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 1.9 billion of goodwill and 569.6 million of net acquired intangible assets. We review goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (consisting entirely of trademarks) for impairment at least annually and when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Intangible assets having finite lives are amortized over their useful lives and are tested for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. We may be required to record a charge, which could be material, in our financial statements during the period in which we determine an impairment has occurred. Impairment charges could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in the periods that such charges are recorded. 
 
 Failure to comply with the terms of our debt agreements could affect our operating flexibility. 
 
 Our outstanding debt at December 31, 2022 included a term loan of 490.8 million under our senior secured credit facility due 2025, 550.0 million of 4.625 percent unsecured senior notes due 2028, and 31.5 million outstanding on our senior secured revolving credit facility due 2024. Our term loan has a variable interest rate, making us more vulnerable to increases in interest rates. Additionally, we use a portion of our cash flow from operations for interest payments on our debt rather than for our operations. 
 
 Our failure to comply with restrictive covenants under our debt instruments could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the requirement to repay such borrowings before their due date. Some covenants are tied to our operating results and thus may be breached if we do not perform as expected. We expect to use cash on hand and cash flows from operations to pay our expenses and repay our debt. If we do not have enough money, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets or borrow additional funds. The lenders may require fees and expenses to be paid or other changes to terms in connection with waivers or amendments. If we refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or our costs and/or the interest rates on our outstanding debt increase, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by increased costs and/or rates. 
 
 U.S. and global market and economic developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Demand for the professional staffing and consulting services that we provide is significantly affected by global market and economic conditions, including recessions, inflation, interest rates, tax rates, and economic uncertainty. Our business is particularly susceptible to economic conditions in the United States where our clients or operations are concentrated. As economic activity slows, many clients or potential clients reduce their use of and reliance upon contract professionals, which reduces the demand for the Company s services and could significantly decrease the Company s revenues and profits. During periods of reduced economic activity, we may also be subject to increased competition for market share and pricing pressure. As a result, any significant economic downturn in the United States or other countries in which we operate could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Natural disasters, the effects of climate change, pandemics, and other events beyond our control could harm our business. 
 
 Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce, and the global economy, and thus could have a negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires, extreme weather events, power shortages, pandemics such as COVID-19, terrorism, political unrest, telecommunications failure, vandalism, cyber-attacks, geopolitical instability, war, the effects of climate change, and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain disaster recovery plans, such events could disrupt our operations or those of our customers and suppliers, including through the inability of employees and contract professionals to work, destruction of facilities, loss of life, and adverse effects on supply chains, power, infrastructure and the integrity of information technology systems, all of which could materially increase our costs and 
 7 

expenses, delay or decrease revenue from our customers and disrupt our ability to maintain business continuity. We could incur significant costs to improve the climate-related resiliency of our infrastructure and otherwise prepare for, respond to, and mitigate the effects of climate changes. Our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses or additional expenses that we may sustain. A significant natural disaster or other event that disrupts our operations or those of our customers or suppliers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 
 Our business relies heavily on the health and safety of our employees, contract professionals and customers. The impact of a health crisis such as the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, operations, and future financial performance could include, but is not limited to, adverse impacts to our operating income, operating margin, net income, earnings per share and operating cash flows, as expenses may not decrease at the same rate as revenues decline. In addition, our quarterly and annual revenue growth rates and expenses as a percentage of our revenues may differ significantly from our historical rates, and our future operating results may fall below expectations. 
 
 Our environmental, social and governance (ESG) commitments and disclosures may expose us to reputational risks and legal liability. 
 
 Our brand and reputation are associated with our public commitments to various corporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, including our goals relating to sustainability and diversity and inclusion. Our disclosures on these matters and any failure or perceived failure to achieve or accurately report on our commitments, could harm our reputation and adversely affect our client relationships or our recruitment and retention efforts, as well as expose us to potential legal liability. Increasing focus on ESG matters has resulted in, and is expected to continue to result in, the adoption of legal and regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, as well as legal and regulatory requirements requiring climate-related disclosures. If new laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet such obligations. Our selection of voluntary disclosure frameworks and standards, and the interpretation or application of those frameworks and standards, may change from time to time or may not meet the expectations of investors or other stakeholders. Our processes and controls for reporting ESG matters across our operations and supply chain are evolving along with multiple disparate standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, including ESG-related disclosures that may be required by the SEC, European and other regulators, and such standards may change over time, which could result in significant revisions to our current goals, reported progress in achieving such goals, or ability to achieve such goals in the future. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Contracts 
 
 We derive significant revenues from contracts and task orders awarded through a competitive bidding process. Our revenues and profitability may be adversely impacted if we fail to compete effectively in such processes. 
 
 Our contracts and task orders with the federal government are awarded through a competitive bidding process, which creates significant competition and pricing pressure. We spend time and resources to prepare bids and proposals for contracts. Some of these contracts may not be awarded to us or, if awarded, we may not receive meaningful task orders under these contracts. We may encounter delays and additional expenses if our competitors protest or challenge contracts awarded to us in competitive bidding, and any such protest or challenge could result in the resubmission of bids on modified specifications, or in the termination, reduction or modification of the awarded contract. If we are unable to win particular contracts, we may be prevented from providing services to customers that are purchased under those contracts for a number of years. In addition, upon the expiration of a contract, if the customer requires further services of the type provided by the contract, there is frequently a competitive rebidding process. There can be no assurance that we will win any particular bid, or that we will be able to replace business lost upon expiration or completion of a contract, and the termination or non-renewal of any of our significant contracts could cause our actual results to differ materially and adversely from those anticipated. 
 
 Our earnings and profitability may vary based on the mix of our contracts and may be adversely affected by our failure to accurately estimate and manage costs, time and resources. 
 
 Our Federal Government Segment generates revenues under various types of contracts: firm-fixed-price, cost reimbursable, and time and materials. Our earnings and profitability may vary materially depending on changes in the proportionate amount of revenues derived from each type of contract. Under firm-fixed-price contracts, we perform specific tasks and services for a fixed price. Compared with cost reimbursable, firm-fixed-price contracts generally offer higher margin opportunities, but involve greater financial risk because we bear the impact of cost overruns. Failure to accurately estimate costs, resources and technology needed to perform our contracts or to effectively manage and control our costs during the performance of work could result in reduced profits or in losses. Under cost reimbursable contracts, we are reimbursed for allowable costs plus a profit margin or fee. These contracts generally have lower profitability and less financial risk. Under time and materials contracts, we are reimbursed for labor at negotiated hourly billing rates and for certain expenses. We assume financial risk on time and materials contracts because we assume the risk of performing those contracts at negotiated hourly rates. 
 
 We may not realize the full value of our Federal Government Segment contract backlog, which may result in lower revenues than anticipated. 
 
 Contract backlog, which was 3.3 billion at December 31, 2022, is a useful measure of potential future revenues for our Federal Government Segment. Contract backlog consists of contracts for which funding has been formally awarded (funded backlog of 0.6 billion at December 31, 2022) and unfunded backlog, which represents the estimated future revenues to be earned from negotiated contract awards for which funding has not been awarded and from unexercised contract options (unfunded backlog of 2.7 billion at December 31, 2022). The U.S. government's ability to not exercise contract options, to reduce orders, or to modify, curtail or terminate our contracts makes the calculation of 
 8 

our Federal Government Segment contract backlog subject to numerous uncertainties. Due to the uncertain nature of our contracts with the U.S. government, we may never realize revenue from some of the contracts that are included in our contract backlog. 
 
 A significant loss or suspension of our facility security clearances with the federal government could lead to a reduction in our revenues, cash flows and operating results. 
 
 We act as a contractor and a subcontractor to the U.S. federal government and many of its agencies. Some government contracts require us to maintain facility security clearances and require some of our employees to have advanced degrees and/or to maintain individual security clearances. If we are unable to attract or retain qualified employees, our employees lose or are unable to timely obtain security clearances, or we lose a facility clearance, a government agency client may terminate the contract or decide not to renew it upon its expiration. In addition, a security breach by us could cause serious harm to our business, damage our reputation, and prevent us from being eligible for further work on sensitive or classified systems for federal government clients. 
 
 We are required to comply with numerous laws and regulations related to government contracts, some of which are complex, and our failure to comply could result in fines or civil or criminal penalties, or suspension or debarment, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We must comply with laws and regulations relating to the formation, administration and performance of federal government contracts. These laws and regulations affect how we conduct business with our federal government customers. Such laws and regulations may potentially impose added costs on our business and our failure to comply with them may lead to civil or criminal penalties, termination of our U.S. government contracts and/or suspension or debarment from contracting with U.S. government agencies. All of our U.S. government contracts can be terminated by the U.S. government either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform under the contract. Termination for convenience provisions provide only for our recovery of costs incurred or committed settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination. Termination for default provisions provide for the contractor to be liable for excess costs incurred by the U.S. government in procuring undelivered items from another source and could damage our reputation and impair our ability to compete for future contracts. Failure to comply with regulations and required practices and procedures could harm our reputation or influence the award of new contracts. 
 
 Changes in U.S. government spending or budgetary priorities, the failure of government budgets to be approved on a timely basis, or delays in contract awards and other procurement activity may significantly and adversely affect our future financial results. 
 
 Our business depends upon continued U.S. government expenditures on cybersecurity, cloud and enterprise IT, artificial intelligence/machine learning, digital transformation, and other programs that we support. During 2022, revenues from contracts directly with U.S. federal government agencies were approximately 21 percent of consolidated revenues. All of our government contracts can be terminated by the U.S. government either for its convenience or if we default by failing to perform under the contract. The U.S. government conducts periodic reviews of U.S. defense strategies and priorities, which may shift Department of Defense budgetary priorities, reduce overall spending, or delay contract or task order awards for defense-related programs from which we would otherwise expect to derive a significant portion of our future revenues. Any of these changes could impair our ability to obtain new contracts or contract renewals. Any new contracting requirements or procurement methods could be costly or administratively difficult for us to implement. Our revenues, cash flows and operating results could be adversely affected by spending caps or changes in budgetary priorities, as well as by delays in the government budget process, program starts or the award of contracts or task orders under contracts. 
 
 Audits by U.S. government agencies for contracts with federal government clients could result in unfavorable audit results that could subject us to a variety of penalties and sanctions and could harm our reputation and relationships with our customers and adversely impact results of operations. 
 
 Federal government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency, routinely audit and investigate government contracts and government contractors administrative processes and systems. These agencies review our performance on contracts, pricing practices, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws, regulations and standards. Any costs found to be improperly allocated to a specific contract will not be reimbursed, while such costs already reimbursed must be refunded. If a government audit uncovers improper or illegal activities, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment from doing business with federal government agencies. 
 
 We depend on our teaming arrangements and relationships with other contractors and subcontractors. If we are not able to maintain these relationships, or if these parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us or the customer, our revenues, profitability, and growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 
 We rely on teaming relationships with other prime contractors and subcontractors in order to submit bids for large procurements or other opportunities where we believe the combination of services, products and solutions provided by us and our teammates will help us to win and perform the contract. Our future revenues and growth prospects could be adversely affected if other contractors eliminate or reduce their contract relationships with us, or if the U.S. government terminates or reduces these other contractors programs, does not award them new contracts or refuses to pay under a contract. We may have disputes with our subcontractors arising from, among other things, the quality and timeliness of work performed by the subcontractor, customer concerns about the subcontractor, our failure to extend existing task orders or issue new task orders under a subcontract, our hiring of a subcontractor s personnel or the subcontractor s failure to comply with applicable 
 9 

law. If any of our subcontractors fail to satisfactorily perform the agreed-upon services or have regulatory compliance or other problems, our ability to fulfill our obligations as a prime contractor or higher tier subcontractor may be jeopardized. When we are in the role of a subcontractor, we often lack control over fulfillment of a contract, and poor performance on the contract could impact our customer relationship, even when we perform as required. Moreover, our revenues and operating results could be adversely affected if any prime contractor chose to offer directly to the customer services of the type that we provide, or if they team with other companies to provide those services. 
 
 Cybersecurity and Technology Risks 
 
 The failure to prevent a cybersecurity incident affecting our systems could result in the disruption of our services or the disclosure or misuse of sensitive information, which could harm our reputation, decrease demand for our services and products, expose us to liability, penalties and remedial costs, or otherwise adversely affect our financial performance. 
 
 Our daily business operations depend on our information technology systems for a wide variety of functions, including, among other things, identifying staffing resources, matching personnel with client assignments and managing our accounting and financial reporting functions. In conducting our business, we routinely collect and retain personal information on these systems about our employees and contract professionals and their dependents including, without limitation, full names, social security numbers, addresses, birth dates and payroll-related information. 
 
 Any information-technology systems are at risk of being compromised, whether through malicious activity or human or technological error. Although we devote significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade our information security technologies, and we have implemented security controls to help protect the security and privacy of our business information, our information technology systems are subject to potential security breaches through third-party service providers, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, business email compromise and cybersecurity threats, including denial of service attacks, viruses, ransomware or other malicious software programs, and third parties gaining unauthorized access to our information technology systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. We are continuously exposed to unauthorized attempts to compromise such sensitive information through cyber-attacks, insider threats and other information security threats, including physical break-ins and malicious insiders, and we have, from time to time, experienced security incidents. 
 
 Any security incident that results in the compromise of personal information we collect and retain, or that otherwise disrupts or negatively impacts our operations, could harm our reputation, lead to customer attrition, and expose us to regulatory enforcement action or litigation. Because the techniques used in cyber attacks change frequently and may be difficult to detect for periods of time, we may face difficulties in anticipating and implementing adequate security measures to prevent security breaches. In addition, our information technology systems are vulnerable to fire, storm, flood, power loss, computer and network failures, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems or platforms, flaws in third-party software or services, terrorist attacks and similar events. All of these risks are also applicable wherever we rely on outside vendors to provide services. 
 
 Our results of operations could be adversely affected if we cannot successfully keep pace with technological changes in the development and implementation of our services. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to keep pace with rapid technological changes in the development and implementation of our services. We rely on a variety of technologies to support important functions in our business, including the recruitment, placement and monitoring of our contract professionals, our billings, and candidate and client data analytics. If we do not sufficiently invest in new technology and industry developments, such as emerging job and resume posting services, appropriately implement new technologies, or evolve our business at sufficient speed and scale in response to such developments, or if we do not make the right strategic investments to respond to these developments, our services, results of operations and ability to develop and maintain our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Legal and Regulatory Risks 
 
 Significant legal actions and claims could subject us to substantial uninsured liabilities, result in damage to our business reputation, result in the discontinuation of our client relationships, and adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. 
 
 We employ people internally and in the workplaces of other businesses. Our ability to control or influence the workplace environment of our clients is limited. Further, many of the individuals that we place with our clients have access to client information systems and confidential information. As the employer of record of our contract professionals, we incur a risk of liability to our contract professionals for various workplace events, including claims of physical injury, discrimination, harassment or failure to protect confidential personal information. Other inherent risks include possible claims of errors and omissions, claims related to acquisitions and their earn-outs, intentional misconduct, release, misuse or misappropriation of client intellectual property, criminal activity, torts, or other claims. We have been and could in the future be subject to large collective, class or Private Attorneys General Act ("PAGA") actions alleging violation of wage and hour laws. These types of actions typically involve substantial claims and significant defense costs. We also have been subject to legal actions alleging vicarious liability, negligent hiring, discrimination, sexual harassment, retroactive entitlement to employee benefits or pay, retaliation and related legal theories. We may be subject to liability in such cases even if the contribution to the alleged injury was minimal. Moreover, in most instances, we are required to indemnify clients against some or all of these risks and we could be required to pay substantial sums to fulfill our indemnification obligations. 
 
 10 

A failure of any of our employees internally, or contract professionals in clients' workplaces, to observe our policies and guidelines intended to reduce these risks could result in negative publicity, injunctive relief, criminal investigations and/or charges, payment of monetary damages or fines, or other material adverse impacts on our business. Claims raised by clients stemming from the improper actions of our contract professionals, even if without merit, could cause us to incur significant expense associated with the costs or damages related to such claims. Further, such claims by clients could damage our business reputation and result in the discontinuation of client relationships. Any associated negative publicity could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain qualified contract professionals in the future. 
 
 We proactively address many of these issues with our robust compliance program. Further, to protect ourselves from the costs and damages of significant legal actions and claims, we maintain workers compensation, errors and omissions, cybersecurity, employment practices and general liability insurance coverage in amounts and with deductibles that we believe are appropriate for our operations. Our insurance policies include a retention amount and may not cover all claims against us or continue to be available to us at a reasonable cost. In addition, we face various employment-related risks not covered by insurance, such as wage and hour laws and employment tax responsibility. If we do not maintain adequate insurance coverage or are made party to significant uninsured claims, we may be exposed to substantial liabilities that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business is subject to government regulation, which in the future could restrict the types of employment services we are permitted to offer or result in additional or increased costs that reduce our revenues and earnings. 
 
 The professional staffing and IT services industry is regulated in the United States and other countries in which we operate. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the employer/employee relationship, such as those related to payment of federal, state and local payroll and unemployment taxes for our corporate employees and contractor professional employees, tax withholding, social security or retirement benefits, licensing, wage and hour requirements, paid sick leave, paid family leave and other leaves, employee benefits, pay equity, non-discrimination, sexual harassment and workers compensation; and we must further comply with immigration laws and a wide variety of notice and administrative requirements, such as record keeping, written contracts, notification and reporting. We are also subject to U.S. laws and regulations relating to government contracts with federal agencies. In certain other countries, we may not be considered the legal employers of our temporary personnel, however we are still responsible for collecting taxes and social security deductions and transmitting these amounts to the taxing authorities. 
 
 In addition, we are subject to data privacy, protection and security laws and regulations, the most significant of which are the European General Data Protection Act ("GDPR") and the U.K. s Data Protection Act 2018 (which implements the GDPR into U.K. law). These laws impose stringent data protection requirements on personal information and provide for significant penalties for noncompliance. These laws impact our U.S. operations as well as our European operations as they apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information among the Company and its subsidiaries. Certain U.S. states have also enacted data privacy laws requiring security measures for personal information. Any non-compliance with the data privacy laws applicable to our business could result in governmental enforcement actions, fines and other penalties that could potentially have an adverse effect our operations and reputation. 
 
 Future changes in the laws or governmental regulations affecting our business may result in the prohibition or restriction of certain types of employment services that we are permitted to offer, or the imposition of new or additional compliance requirements that could increase our costs and reduce our revenues and earnings. Due to the substantial number of state and local jurisdictions in which we operate, there also is a risk that we may be unable to adequately monitor actual or proposed changes in, or the interpretation of, the laws or governmental regulations of such states and localities. Any delay in our compliance with changes in such laws or governmental regulations could result in potential fines, penalties, or other sanctions for non-compliance. In addition, although we may elect to bill some or all of any additional costs to our customers, there can be no assurances that we will be able to increase the fees charged to our customers in a timely manner and in a sufficient amount to fully cover any increased costs as a result of future changes in laws or government regulations. 
 
 Our business may be materially affected by changes to fiscal and tax policies that could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Our business is subject to taxation in the United States and the foreign jurisdictions where we operate. Due to economic and political conditions, tax rates in various jurisdictions may be subject to significant change. Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes made by the current administration in the United States and in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates or by changes in the tax laws or their interpretation. 
 
 Various levels of government also are increasingly focused on tax reform and other legislative action to increase tax revenue. Further changes in tax laws in the United States or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or in the interpretation of such laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 
 
 We are subject to various business and regulatory risks associated with international operations, which could increase our costs, cause our results of operations to fluctuate, and adversely affect our business. 
 
 We conduct business outside the United States primarily in Canada and Europe and we have delivery centers in Mexico and India. Our international operations, which in the aggregate represented approximately two percent of our consolidated revenues in 2022, expose us to, among other things, operational, regulatory and political risks in the countries in which we operate. 

11 

General Risks 
 
 The loss of key members of our senior management team could adversely affect the execution of our business strategy and our financial results. 
 
 We believe that the successful execution of our business strategy and our ability to build upon our business and acquisitions of new businesses depends on the continued employment of key members of our senior management team and good succession plans for their retirement or other departure. As the Company is expecting to have key personnel retire over the next few years, we need to implement appropriate succession plans, and if we cannot attract and retain qualified personnel or effectively implement appropriate succession plans, it could have a material adverse impact to our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. We have provided short-term and long-term incentive compensation to our key management in an effort to retain them, and have prepared succession plans at such time their employment ends. However, if members of our senior management team become unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions or our succession plans are not adequate, we could incur significant costs and experience business disruption related to time spent on efforts to replace them, and our financial results and our business could be adversely affected. 
 
 Failure of internal controls may leave us susceptible to errors and fraud. 
 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and internal controls will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Furthermore, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, would be detected, particularly in our newly acquired companies and international operations. If our internal controls are unsuccessful, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock has experienced significant volatility. 
 
 The market price of our stock has fluctuated substantially in the past and could fluctuate substantially in the future, based on a variety of factors, including our operating results, changes in general conditions in the economy, and the staffing and consulting industries, announcements by our competitors, involvement in a significant litigation matter, a major change in our management or Board of Directors, short sales, hedging and other derivative transactions in shares of our common stock. In addition, the stock market in general has experienced historical volatility that is unrelated to the operating performance of our Company. Broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our operating results. Among other things, volatility in our stock price could mean that investors will not be able to sell their shares at or above the prices they pay. The volatility also could impair our ability in the future to offer common stock as a source of additional capital or as consideration in the acquisition of other businesses, or as compensation for our key employees. 
 
 Provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law may delay or prevent a change in control that our stockholders consider favorable. 
 
 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could have the impact of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. These provisions include the following: 
 
 Our Board has the right to elect directors to fill a vacancy in the Board upon the resignation, death or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board until the next applicable annual meeting of stockholders. 
 Stockholders must provide advance notice to nominate individuals for election to the Board or to propose matters that can be acted upon at a stockholders meeting. Further, our Board is divided into three classes and only one class is up for election each year. These provisions may discourage or deter a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 Our Board may issue, without stockholder approval, up to one million shares of undesignated or "blank check" preferred stock. The ability to issue undesignated or "blank check" preferred stock makes it possible for our Board to issue preferred stock with voting or other rights or preferences that could impede the success of any attempt by, or make it more difficult for, a third- party to acquire us. 
 
 As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions, including Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law. Under these provisions, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any large stockholders who hold 15 percent or more of our outstanding voting capital stock in a merger or business combination unless the holder has held the stock for three years, the Board has expressly approved the merger or business transaction, or at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting capital stock not owned by such large stockholder approves the merger or the transaction. These provisions of Delaware law may have the impact of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change of control and may discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over its market price. In addition, our Board could rely on these provisions of Delaware law to discourage, prevent, or delay an acquisition of us. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 12 

Item 2. Properties 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we leased office space in the following locations. We believe that our facilities are suitable and adequate for our current operations. 
 Location Square Feet Lease Expiration ASGN and Commercial Segment Headquarters Richmond, Virginia 78,000 October 2024 Federal Government Segment Headquarters Fairfax, Virginia 46,200 June 2024 Branch offices (1) 
 United States, Canada, United Kingdom, and Spain 771,300 January 2023 through May 2028 Delivery Centers Mexico and India 84,700 May 2023, August 2026 and December 2027 
 
 ___________________ 
 
 (1) We have 131 branch office locations that occupy spaces ranging from approximately 195 to 47,000 square feet with lease terms that range from three months to 8.5 years. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 We are involved in various legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including collective class and PAGA actions alleging violations of wage and hour laws. However, based on the facts currently available, we do not believe that the disposition of matters that are pending or asserted will have a material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

13 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 Common Stock Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, or NYSE, under the symbol ASGN. At February 17, 2023 we had 49.3 million shares outstanding, 22 holders of record and an indeterminate number of beneficial owners of our common stock held through brokers and other intermediaries. 
 
 Dividend Information Since inception, we have not declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock, and we have no present intention of paying any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Our Board periodically reviews our dividend policy to determine whether the declaration of dividends is appropriate. The terms of our credit facility restrict our ability to pay dividends. The restriction is variable based upon our leverage ratio and certain other circumstances, as outlined in the agreement. 
 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plan Information responsive to this item will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement for use in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the "2023 Proxy Statement") to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Stock Performance Graph The following graph compares the performance of ASGN s common stock price during the period from December 31, 2017 to December 31, 2022 with the composite prices of companies listed on the NYSE and of companies included in the SIC Code No. 736 Personnel Supply Services Companies Index. The companies listed in the SIC Code No. 736 include peer companies in the same industry or line of business as ASGN. The graph depicts the results of investing 100 in our common stock, the NYSE market index, and an index of the companies listed in the SIC Code No. 736 on December 31, 2017, and assumes that dividends were reinvested, where applicable, during the period. 
 
 The comparisons shown in the graph below are based upon historical data, and we caution stockholders that the stock price performance shown in the graph below is not indicative of, nor intended to forecast, potential future performance. 

At December 31, 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 ASGN 100.00 84.80 110.42 129.97 192.00 126.76 SIC Code No. 736 Index 100.00 81.73 100.48 108.17 147.43 106.05 NYSE Market Index 100.00 91.21 114.69 122.70 148.07 134.22 

14 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities None. 
 
 Common Stock Repurchases On December 9, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a two-year stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to 350.0 million of its common stock. On July 27, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a new two-year stock repurchase program under which the Company may repurchase up to 400.0 million of its common stock. Under these programs, the Company repurchased 2.8 million shares of its common stock at a cost of 281.4 million in 2022. Under terms of the programs, purchases can be made in the open market or under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. 
 
 The Company's repurchases of its common stock during the three months ended December 31, 2022, and the approximate dollar value of shares that may be purchased under the program as of December 31, 2022, are shown in the table below. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares That May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) October 129,933 91.96 129,933 356.5 November 239,653 86.70 239,653 335.7 December 262,063 83.26 262,063 313.9 Total 631,649 86.35 631,649 313.9 
 
 In connection with our stock-based compensation plans, during the three months ended December 31, 2022, 43,316 shares of our common stock with an aggregate value of 3.8 million were tendered by employees for payment of applicable statutory tax withholdings. These shares are excluded from the table above. 

Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 
 None. 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this 2022 10-K, including the Special Note on Forward-Looking Statements and Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 
 ASGN provides information technology and professional services in the technology and creative digital marketing fields across the commercial and government sectors. ASGN operates through its Commercial and Federal Government segments. Virtually all of the Company's revenues are generated in the United States. 
 
 The Commercial Segment provides IT services and solutions, digital and creative services to Fortune 1000 and large enterprise clients across the United States, Canada and Europe. The Federal Government Segment delivers advanced solutions in cloud and enterprise IT, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, machine learning and digital transformation to meet the mission critical needs of defense, intelligence and federal civilian agencies. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"), which require us to make certain assumptions and related estimates affecting the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 
 Critical accounting policies are those we believe are both most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results and require our most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often because we must make estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. Judgments and uncertainties affecting the application of those policies may result in materially different amounts being reported under different conditions or using different assumptions. We believe the accounting policies and estimates most critical in understanding the judgments involved in preparing our financial statements are goodwill and acquired intangible assets. 
 
 Recognition of Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets Determining the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets requires management's judgment, the use of significant estimates and assumptions and, in some cases, the utilization of independent valuation experts. The most critical assumptions utilized in this determination are the future cash flow estimates associated with the acquired businesses, as well as discount rates and royalty rates applied to those cash flow estimates. 
 
 Recoverability of Goodwill and Acquired Intangible Assets Goodwill is evaluated for impairment annually or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change, such as material deterioration in performance that would indicate an impairment may exist. We perform an annual impairment assessment as of October 31st for each of our reporting units. When evaluating goodwill for impairment, we may first perform a qualitative assessment step zero of the impairment test) to determine whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit is impaired. If we decide not to perform a qualitative assessment, or if we determine that it is more likely than not the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then we perform a quantitative assessment step one of the impairment test), and calculate the estimated fair value of the reporting unit. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment charge would be recorded to reduce the carrying amount to its estimated fair value. 
 
 Given there were no impairment factors identified in the prior year, and there were no negative trends in the current year, we performed a qualitative assessment for the October 31, 2022 annual impairment evaluation for all reporting units. By review of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance compared with prior projections, and other relevant entity-specific events, we determined it was more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying amount. Therefore it was concluded that there were no indicators of impairment. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 COMPARED WITH THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021 
 
 In this section, we discuss the results of our operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared with the year ended December 31, 2021. For a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2021 compared with the year ended December 31, 2020, please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues for the year were 4.6 billion, up 14.3 percent from 2021 primarily as a result of double-digit organic growth of our Commercial Segment and the contribution of 158.0 million from acquired businesses. Excluding the contribution from acquisitions, revenues were up 10.3 percent. The table below shows our revenues by segment (in millions). 
 
 of Total 2022 
 2021 
 Change 2022 2021 Change Commercial: Assignment 2,476.1 2,285.9 8.3 54.1 57.0 (2.9) Consulting 959.6 641.2 49.7 20.9 16.0 4.9 3,435.7 2,927.1 17.4 75.0 73.0 2.0 Federal Government 1,145.4 1,082.4 5.8 25.0 27.0 (2.0) Consolidated 4,581.1 4,009.5 14.3 100.0 100.0 
 
 Commercial Segment Revenues from our Commercial Segment (75.0 percent of revenues) were up 17.4 percent from 2021. Assignment revenues were 2.5 billion (72.1 percent of the segment's revenues), up 8.3 percent year-over-year. Consulting services revenues were 959.6 million (27.9 percent of the segment's revenues), up 49.7 percent year-over-year. Excluding the contribution of 69.0 million from acquired businesses, consulting services revenues were up 38.9 percent year-over-year. 
 
 From an industry perspective, Commercial revenues fall into five broad industry verticals: (i) Financial Services, (ii) Consumer and Industrials, (iii) Healthcare, (iv) Technology, Media and Telecom and (v) Business and Government Services. Four out of our five industry verticals achieved double-digit growth year-over-year, while our Business and Government Services vertical was slightly up over the prior year. 
 
 Within the Commercial Segment, IT services and solutions revenues, which accounted for 83.7 percent of the segment's revenues, were up 18.2 percent year-over-year, driven by high growth in consulting services, the contribution from acquired businesses, and high-single-digit growth in IT staffing services. Creative digital marketing and permanent placement revenues, which combined accounted for 16.3 percent of the segment's revenues, were up 13.4 percent over the prior year. 
 
 Federal Government Segment Revenues from our Federal Government Segment (25.0 percent of revenues) were up 5.8 percent year-over-year. Revenues included a contribution of 89.0 million from acquired businesses. Excluding that contribution, revenues were slightly below 2021, which had benefited from higher spending levels under two cost reimbursable contracts and approximately 38.6 million in revenues from a low-margin web services contract that the segment elected to not renew in the third quarter of the prior year. 
 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
 The table below shows gross profit and gross margin by segment (in millions). 
 Gross Profit Gross Margin 2022 2021 Change 2022 2021 Change Commercial 1,126.2 934.8 20.5 32.8 31.9 0.9 Federal Government 243.4 207.6 17.2 21.3 19.2 2.1 Consolidated 1,369.6 1,142.4 19.9 29.9 28.5 1.4 
 
 Consolidated gross profit was up 19.9 percent on revenue growth of 14.3 percent. Gross margin was 29.9 percent, an expansion of 140 basis points from 2021. Both segments reported expansion in gross margin. The expansion in gross margin for the Commercial Segment was driven by double-digit growth of its high-margin services (commercial consulting, creative digital marketing and permanent placement services). The expansion in gross margin of the Federal Government Segment was driven by changes in business mix, including: (i) the contribution from acquired high-margin businesses; (ii) a lower contribution from cost reimbursable contracts, which carry a lower margin than other contract types; and (iii) the decision not to renew a low-margin web services resale program in the third quarter of last year. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 
 Selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expenses were 895.0 million (19.5 percent of revenues), compared with 735.8 million (18.4 percent of revenues) in 2021. The increase was commensurate with the growth in the business, changes in business mix and investments to support the future growth of the business. These investments were mainly in headcount, employee compensation and IT applications and systems. 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets was 65.1 million, up from 55.7 million in 2021. This increase reflects a full year of amortization from businesses acquired in 2021 and amortization from the two businesses acquired in 2022. 
 
 Interest Expense 
 
 Interest expense was 45.9 million, up from 37.5 million in 2021, primarily as a result of higher interest rates on the senior secured credit facility. Interest expense was comprised of 25.4 million of interest on the unsecured senior notes, 18.4 million of interest on the senior secured credit facility and 2.1 million in amortization of deferred loan costs. The weighted-average outstanding borrowings were approximately 1.0 billion for 2022 and 2021 and the weighted-average interest rate was 4.1 percent, up from 3.4 percent in 2021. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 The provision for income taxes was 96.7 million, up from 81.6 million in 2021, related to the growth in income before income taxes. The effective tax rate of 26.6 percent was slightly higher than the effective tax rate of 26.0 percent for 2021. 
 
 Income from Continuing Operations 
 
 Income from continuing operations was 266.9 million, up from 231.8 million in 2021, driven by the growth in the business and expansion of our gross margin. 
 
 Income from Discontinued Operations 
 
 Income from discontinued operations was 1.2 million, down from 178.1 million in 2021. In 2021, virtually all of the income from discontinued operations related to the gain, net of income taxes, on the sale of the Oxford business. 
 
 Net Income 
 
 Net income of 268.1 million in 2022 was comprised of income from continuing operations of 266.9 million and discontinued operations of 1.2 million. Net income of 409.9 million in 2021 was comprised of income from continuing operations of 231.8 million and income from discontinued operations of 178.1 million. 
 
 15 

Commercial Segment - Consulting Metrics 
 
 Commercial consulting bookings are defined as the value of new contracts entered into during a specified period, including adjustments for the effects of changes in contract scope and contract terminations. The underlying contracts are terminable by the client on short notice with little or no termination penalties. The book-to-bill ratio for our commercial consulting revenues is the ratio of our commercial consulting bookings to the commercial consulting revenues for a specified period. The average duration of commercial consulting projects is one year. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, (Dollars in millions) 
 2022 2021 2020 Bookings 1,192.2 810.3 479.4 Book-to-Bill Ratio 1.2 to 1 1.3 to 1 1.3 to 1 
 
 Federal Government Segment Metrics 
 
 Contract backlog for our Federal Government Segment represents the estimated amount of future revenues to be recognized under awarded contracts including task orders and options. These estimates are subject to change and may be affected by the execution of new contracts, the extension or early termination of existing contracts, the non-renewal or completion of current contracts and adjustments to estimates for previously included contracts. Changes in the funded contract backlog are also affected by the funding cycles of the government. 
 
 Contract backlog does not include potential value from contract awards that have been protested by competitors until the protest is resolved in our favor. Contract backlog does not include any estimate of future work expected under indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity contracts or U.S. General Services Administration schedules. Contract backlog is segregated into funded contract backlog and negotiated unfunded contract backlog, which together make up total contract backlog. 
 
 Funded contract backlog for contracts with U.S. government agencies primarily represents contracts for which funding has been formally awarded less revenues previously recognized on these contracts and does not include the unfunded portion of contracts where funding is incrementally awarded or authorized by the U.S. government even though the contract may call for performance over a number of years. Funded contract backlog for contracts with non-government agencies represents the estimated value of contracts, which may cover multiple future years, less revenues previously recognized on these contracts. 
 
 Negotiated unfunded contract backlog represents the estimated future revenues to be earned from negotiated contract awards for which funding has not yet been awarded or authorized and from unexercised priced contract options. 
 
 December 31, (In millions) 2022 2021 2020 Funded Contract Backlog 
 582.3 529.2 444.5 Negotiated Unfunded Contract Backlog 
 2,681.2 2,472.0 2,201.7 Contract Backlog 
 3,263.5 3,001.2 2,646.2 

The book-to-bill ratio for our Federal Government Segment was 0.9 to 1.0 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The book-to-bill ratio was calculated as the sum of the change in total contract backlog during the period plus revenues for the period, divided by revenues for the period. The contract backlog coverage ratio (backlog at December 31, 2022 divided by trailing-twelve-months of Federal Government Segment revenues) was 2.9 to 1.0. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Our working capital at December 31, 2022 was 539.2 million, and our cash and cash equivalents were 70.3 million. Our cash flows from operating activities have been our primary source of liquidity and have been sufficient to fund our working capital and capital expenditure needs. At December 31, 2022, we had 31.5 million outstanding under our 460.0 million revolving credit facility. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, expected operating cash flows and availability under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fulfill our obligations, working capital requirements and capital expenditures for the next 12 months. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 307.8 million in 2022, compared with 193.7 million in 2021. The year-over-year increase is mainly the result of income tax payments totaling 91.5 million in the prior year that related to the gain on the sale of the Oxford business. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities in 2022 was 510.0 million and included 484.6 million used to acquire two IT consulting businesses and 37.5 million in capital expenditures. In 2021, investing activities generated net cash of 246.5 million and included cash proceeds (before income taxes) of 503.8 million from the sale of the Oxford business, as well as 222.8 million used to acquire three IT consulting businesses and 34.7 million in capital expenditures. 
 
 16 

Net cash used in financing activities in 2022 was 256.5 million and included 281.4 million to repurchase the Company's common stock, as well as net borrowings under the revolving credit facility totaling 31.5 million. In 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 184.4 million and primarily consisted of 181.3 million of stock repurchases. 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility On November 22, 2022, the Company entered into the ninth amendment to its senior secured credit facility (the "facility'), which (i) increased the capacity of its revolving credit facility (the "revolver") to 460.0 million from 250.0 million; and (ii) replaced the LIBOR reference rate with the secured overnight financing rate plus a 10 basis points adjustment ("SOFR"). 
 
 The facility consists of a term B loan and the aforementioned 460.0 million revolver. At December 31, 2022, the Company had 490.8 million outstanding under the term B loan and 31.5 million outstanding borrowings under the revolver. Borrowings under the term B loan bear interest at SOFR plus 1.75 percent, or the bank s base rate plus 0.75 percent. Borrowings under the revolver bear interest at SOFR plus 1.25 to 2.25 percent, or the bank s base rate plus 0.25 to 1.25 percent, depending on leverage levels. A commitment fee of 0.20 to 0.35 percent is payable on the undrawn portion of the revolver. There are no required minimum principal payments on the facility until maturity. The facility is secured by substantially all of the Company's assets and includes various restrictive covenants. The facility permitted the sale of its Oxford business in 2021 and the net cash proceeds (approximately 0.4 billion) were used for the acquisition of GlideFast on July 6, 2022 and other permitted investments within the required timeframe. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants. 
 
 Unsecured Senior Notes The Company has 550.0 million of unsecured senior notes due in 2028, which bear interest at 4.625 percent payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15. These notes are unsecured obligations and subordinate to the senior secured credit facility. These notes contain certain customary limitations including, among other terms and conditions, our ability to incur additional indebtedness, engage in mergers and acquisitions, transfer or sell assets and make certain distributions. 

Commitments and Contingencies The following table sets forth, on an aggregate basis, the amounts of specified contractual cash obligations required to be paid in the future periods shown (in millions): 
 Contractual Obligations Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Total Long-term debt obligations (1) 
 58.2 613.3 50.9 559.4 1,281.8 Operating Leases (2) 
 24.5 24.2 9.6 0.2 58.5 Purchase obligations (3) 
 18.0 34.4 6.6 59.0 100.7 671.9 67.1 559.6 1,399.3 
 _______ 
 (1) Long-term debt obligations include interest calculated based on the rates in effect at December 31, 2022. 
 (2) Represents the future minimum lease payments for non-cancelable operating leases. 
 (3) Purchase obligations are non-cancelable job board service agreements and software subscriptions, maintenance and license agreements. 
 
 For additional information about these contractual cash obligations, see Notes 5. Leases, 9. Long-Term Debt and 10. Commitments and Contingencies in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 
 We have retention policies for our workers compensation liability exposures. The workers' compensation loss reserves are based upon an actuarial report obtained from a third party and determined based on claims filed and claims incurred but not reported. We account for claims incurred but not yet reported based on estimates derived from historical claims experience and current trends of industry data. Changes in estimates, differences in estimates and actual payments for claims are recognized in the period that the estimates changed or the payments were made. The workers' compensation loss reserves were 2.6 million and 2.4 million, net of anticipated insurance and indemnification recoveries of 10.2 million and 10.4 million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. We have undrawn stand-by letters of credit outstanding to secure obligations for workers compensation claims and other obligations. The undrawn stand-by letters of credit were 4.0 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 We have a deferred compensation plan liability of 13.6 million and 15.6 million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, which was primarily included in other long-term liabilities. We established a rabbi trust to fund the deferred compensation plan (see Note 12. Stock-Based Compensation and Other Employee Benefit Plans in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data ). 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Accounting Standards Updates 
 
 See Note 3. Accounting Standards Update in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements. 
 
 17 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 We are exposed to certain market risks arising from transactions in the normal course of business, principally risks associated with interest rates. Our exposure to interest rate risk is associated with our debt instruments. See Note 9. Long-Term Debt in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data for a further description of our debt instruments. A hypothetical 100 basis-point change in interest rates on variable-rate debt would have resulted in interest expense fluctuating approximately 5.2 million based on 522.3 million of debt outstanding for any 12-month period. We have not entered into any market risk sensitive instruments for trading purposes. 

18 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of ASGN Incorporated 
 Glen Allen, Virginia 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of ASGN Incorporated and subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 24, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to an account or disclosure that is material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Goodwill and Identifiable Intangible Assets Refer to Notes 2, 6 and 7 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company accounts for acquired businesses using the acquisition method of accounting by recording tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values. During 2022, the Company acquired GlideFast Consulting GlideFast for 350 million in cash which is included in the Commercial Segment. Intangible assets acquired of 102.8 million primarily related to contractual relationships and trademark. The determination of the acquisition date fair values of the contractual relationships and trademark intangible assets required management to make significant estimates and assumptions, including future revenue estimates, and discount rates and royalty rate used in the fair value models. 
 
 We identified the fair value of certain acquired contractual relationships and the acquired trademark as a critical audit matter because of the significant judgments made by management to estimate the respective fair values. This required a high degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management s estimates related to future revenues, and the need to involve our fair value specialists to evaluate the discount rates and the royalty rate assumptions. 

19 

How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the future revenue estimates and the selection of the discount rates and the royalty rate for the specified contractual relationships and trademark included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of controls over the valuation of the identified intangible assets, including management's controls over the review of future revenue estimates and selected discount rates and royalty rate. 
 We compared the future revenue estimates to historical results. 
 We compared actual revenue results for the year ended December 31, 2022, to management s future revenue estimates included in the valuation models. 
 We compared the future revenue estimates for the year ended December 31, 2022 to forecasted information included in the Company s press releases and external industry reports. 
 With the assistance of our fair value specialists, we evaluated the reasonableness of management s selected discount rates and royalty rate assumptions by: 
 Testing the source information underlying the determination of the discount rates and royalty rate and testing the mathematical accuracy of the calculation. 
 Developing a range of independent estimates for the discount rates and royalty rate and comparing those to assumptions selected by management. 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of the valuation methodologies used by the Company. 

/s/ 
 
 February 24, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 1987. 

20 

ASGN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and income taxes Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Identifiable intangible assets, net Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued payroll Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value, million shares authorized, shares issued 
 Common stock, par value, million shares authorized, million and million shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 21 

ASGN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions, except per share data) 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Revenues Costs of services Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Operating income Interest expense ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net income Earnings per share: Basic Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted Continuing operations Discontinued operations Shares and share equivalents used to calculate earnings per share: Basic Diluted Reconciliation of net income to comprehensive income: Net income Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Comprehensive income 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 22 

ASGN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 Common Stock Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Other Total Shares Par Value Balance at December 31, 2019 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuances under equity plans Tax withholding on restricted stock vesting ) ) Stock repurchase and retirement of shares ) ) ) ) Other Net income Balance at December 31, 2020 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuances under equity plans Tax withholding on restricted stock vesting ) ) Stock repurchase and retirement of shares ) ) ) ) Other Net income Balance at December 31, 2021 ) Stock-based compensation expense Issuances under equity plans Tax withholding on restricted stock vesting ) ) Stock repurchase and retirement of shares ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Net income Balance at December 31, 2022 ) 
 
 See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 23 

ASGN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Gain on sale of discontinued operations ) Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and income taxes ) Accounts payable ) Accrued payroll Payroll tax deferral and other 
 ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Cash paid for property and equipment ) ) ) Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Cash received from sale of the Oxford business Other ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from long-term debt Principal payments of long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Payment of employment taxes related to release of restricted stock awards ) ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Debt issuance or amendment costs ) ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents ) Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information Cash paid for 
 Income taxes Interest 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 24 

ASGN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

1. General 

2. Summary of Critical and Significant Accounting Policies 

25 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Contract liabilities are included in other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and are generally recognized as revenues within three months from the balance sheet date. 

26 

million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 to years. At the inception of a contract, the Company determines if the contract contains a lease. A contract contains a lease if it conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Operating lease ROU assets and lease liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date, based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments. The Company s leases do not provide an implicit rate of return. Therefore, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate ("IBR") in determining the present value of lease payments. In determining the IBR, the Company considers its credit rating and the current market interest rates. The IBR approximates the interest rate the Company would pay on collateralized debt with similar terms and payments as the lease agreements and in a similar economic environment where the leased assets are located. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company does not have finance leases. 
 
 Lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term and is primarily included in SG A expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. Some lease agreements offer renewal options, which are assessed against relevant economic factors to determine whether it is reasonably certain that these renewal options will be exercised. As a result of this assessment, for most leases, renewal options were excluded from the minimum lease payments when calculating the operating lease assets and liabilities, as the Company does not consider the exercise of such options to be reasonably certain. 

to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the life of the related asset or the remaining term of the lease. Costs associated with customized internal-use software systems that have reached the application development stage and meet recoverability tests are capitalized and include external direct costs utilized in developing or obtaining the applications and payroll and payroll-related expenses for employees who are directly associated with the application development. 

27 

million. The gain on the sale was million million net of income taxes). The sale of the Oxford business was a strategic shift that provided for the redeployment of capital on acquisitions of businesses that enhance the Company's IT consulting capabilities and services in the commercial and federal government sectors. As a result of the sale, the financial results of the Oxford business are reported as discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The Company's reporting segments were retrospectively changed in 2021 for the effects of the sale. 
 
 Costs of services Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Gain on sale, net of income taxes Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 
 
 During 2022, the Company received million cash related to the finalization of the purchase price. The following table provides select cash flow information related to the Oxford business (in millions): Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities Cash received from sale of discontinued operations Other ) ) ) 
 
 28 

5. Leases 

Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Weighted-average remaining lease term of operating leases years years years Weighted-average discount rate of operating leases Supplemental cash flow information 
 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities Right-of-use assets obtained with lease liabilities 
 
 F 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total future minimum lease payments Less: imputed interest 

29 

6. Acquisitions 
 
 Aggregate purchase price 1 
 Maximum contingent consideration 2 
 Status of purchase accounting Open Closed Closed 
 ___ 
 1 Generally, working capital adjustments and contingent consideration account for the difference between the aggregate purchase price and cash paid, net of cash acquired in the accompanying statements of cash flows. 
 2 See Note 16. Fair Value Measurements for information on contingent consideration. 
 
 During 2022, the Company increased its investment in IT consulting through the acquisition of two businesses. On July 6 th , the Company acquired GlideFast Consulting ("GlideFast") for million in cash. GlideFast is part of the Commercial Segment. The preliminary fair value of the identifiable intangible assets related to this acquisition totaled million, including a trademark of million which has an indefinite life, and the remaining intangible assets have a weighted-average useful life of six years. On October 3 rd , the Company acquired Iron Vine Security, which is included in the Federal Government Segment. 

7. Goodwill and Other Identifiable Intangible Assets 
 
 2021 acquisitions 
 Purchase price adjustment Translation adjustment ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 
 2022 acquisitions 
 Purchase price adjustment ) ) Translation adjustment ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 
 ___________________ 
 
 Approximately million and million of the goodwill for the 2022 and 2021 acquisitions, respectively, is deductible for income tax purposes. 
 
 30 

- 
 Contractor relationships Contract Backlog - 
 Non-compete agreements - 
 Not subject to amortization: Trademarks 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

8. Property and Equipment 
 
 Furniture, fixtures and equipment Leasehold improvements Work-in-progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) 
 
 The Company has capitalized costs related to its various technology initiatives. At December 31, 2022, the net book value of computer software was million, which included work-in-progress of million. At December 31, 2021, the net book value of computer software was million, which included work-in-progress of million. 

Costs of services 
 
 31 

Term B loan facility, due 2025 Unsecured Senior Notes, due 2028 Unamortized deferred loan costs ) ) 
 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility On November 22, 2022, the Company entered into the ninth amendment to its senior secured credit facility (the "facility"), which (i) increased the capacity of its revolving credit facility (the "revolver") to million from million; and (ii) replaced the LIBOR reference rate with the secured overnight financing rate plus a 10 basis points adjustment ("SOFR"). 
 
 The facility consists of a term B loan and the aforementioned million revolver. Borrowings under the term B loan bear interest at SOFR plus percent, or the bank s base rate plus percent. Borrowings under the revolver bear interest at SOFR plus to percent or the bank s base rate plus to percent, depending on leverage levels. A commitment fee of to percent is payable on the undrawn portion of the revolver. The revolver is limited to a maximum ratio of senior secured debt to trailing 12-months of lender-defined consolidated EBITDA of to 1.00, which was to 1.00 at December 31, 2022. There are no required minimum payments on the facility. The facility is secured by substantially all of the Company's assets and includes various restrictive covenants. The facility permitted the sale of its Oxford business in 2021 and the net cash proceeds (approximately billion) were used for the acquisition of GlideFast on July 6, 2022 and other permitted investments within the required timeframe. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with its debt covenants. 
 
 million of unsecured senior notes, which bear interest at percent payable semiannually in arrears on May 15 and November 15. These notes are unsecured obligations and are subordinate to the senior secured credit facility. These notes also contain certain customary limitations including, among other terms and conditions, the Company's ability to incur additional indebtedness, engage in mergers and acquisitions, transfer or sell assets, and make certain distributions. 

10. Commitments and Contingencies 

2024 2025 2026 
 
 Other Commitments The workers' compensation loss reserves were million and million, net of anticipated insurance and indemnification recoveries of million and million, at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. To secure obligations for workers compensation claims and other obligations, the Company has undrawn stand-by letters of credit of million. 
 
 Certain employees participate in the Company s Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Plan and/or have separate agreements that provide for certain benefits in the event of termination at the Company's convenience, as defined by the plan or agreement. Generally, these benefits are based on the employee s position in the Company and include severance and continuation of health insurance, and may contain acceleration of equity grants and a pro-rata bonus based on the amount earned prior to a change in control. 
 Legal Proceedings The Company is involved in various legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including collective class and PAGA actions alleging violations of wage and hour laws. The Company does not believe that the disposition of matters that are pending or asserted will have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 32 

11. Stockholder's Equity 
 
 million of its common shares for million during 2022 and million shares for million during 2021. All repurchased shares have been retired. Under the , million stock repurchase program, which was approved on July 27, 2022 and superseded the previous program, there was approximately million remaining at year end for future stock repurchases. 

12. Stock-Based Compensation and Other Employee Benefit Plans 
 
 million shares available for issuance under the 2010 Plan. 
 
 2012 Plan The Board of Directors adopted the Second Amended and Restated 2012 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan on April 26, 2018 (the "2012 Plan"), which is amended from time to time to add additional shares. This plan allows for grants of stock to employees as employment inducement awards pursuant to NYSE rules. The terms of the 2012 Plan are similar to the 2010 Plan. As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for issuance under the 2012 Plan. 
 
 Discontinued operations 
 
 The Company recognized income tax benefits for stock-based compensation arrangements of million, million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Stock Units The Company issues RSUs with (i) service conditions; and (ii) a combination of service and market and/or performance conditions. RSUs generally vest over one - to periods, and the RSUs that have performance conditions are based on the achievement of specified annual or multi-year financial or other targets. In 2022 and 2021, the Company granted certain awards that included financial performance targets plus a component based on achievement of total shareholder return ("TSR") relative to an objectively selected group of industry peers over a period, with payouts ranging from to percent of the target award. In 2020, the Company granted certain awards that vest solely based on achievement of TSR relative to an objectively selected group of industry peers over a period, with payouts ranging from to percent of the target award. 
 
 , and per share for the 2022, 2021 and 2020 awards, respectively, determined on the grant date using a Monte Carlo simulation model based on the following assumptions: 
 
 2022 Awards 2021 Awards 2020 Awards Expected term (years) Dividend yield Volatility factor Risk-free interest rate 
 
 Compensation expense for RSUs is determined based on the grant-date fair value of those awards, net of an estimated forfeiture rate. The forfeiture rate estimates the number of awards that will eventually vest and is based on historical vesting patterns. Compensation expense for RSUs with performance conditions based on financial targets are measured on the amount of shares ultimately expected to vest, estimated at each reporting date based on management s expectations regarding the relevant performance criteria. Compensation expense for all other RSUs are recognized on a straight-line basis, net of an estimated forfeiture rate over the requisite service period of the award. 
 
 33 

Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Unvested RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Unvested and expected to vest RSUs outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 
 __________________ 
 Vested shares include million shares surrendered for payment of employee income taxes, which are available for re-issuance under the 2010 Plan. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was unrecognized compensation expense of million related to unvested RSUs based on awards that are expected to vest. The unrecognized compensation expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The fair value of RSUs that vested was million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. The weighted-average grant-date fair value per unit of RSUs was in 2022, in 2021 and in 2020. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan The stockholders of the Company approved the Second Amended and Restated 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP on June 18, 2020. The ESPP allows eligible employees to purchase common stock of the Company, through payroll deductions, at a percent discount of the lower of the market price on the first day or the last day of the semi-annual purchase periods. Participants are required to hold the shares for a 12-month period after the purchase date. The ESPP is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan under the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") Code Section 423. Eligible employees may contribute up to a certain percentage set by the plan administrator of their eligible earnings toward the purchase of the stock (subject to certain IRS limitations). As of December 31, 2022, there were million shares available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 
 Shares of common stock are transferred to participating employees at the conclusion of each offering period, which ends on the last business day of the month in March and September each year. Compensation expense is measured using a Black-Scholes valuation model. 
 
 Dividend yield Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 Weighted-average risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 Average Black-Scholes valuation per share Shares issued (millions) Stock-based compensation expense (millions) 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan The Company s Deferred Compensation Plan, which became effective on June 1, 2017 and has been amended from time to time (the "DCP"), allows for eligible management and highly-compensated key employees to elect to defer a portion of their compensation to later years. These deferrals are subject to investment risk and a risk of forfeiture under certain circumstances. Participants may choose from various investment options representing a broad range of asset classes. The Company s deferred compensation plan liability was million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which was primarily included in other long-term liabilities. The Company established a rabbi trust to fund the DCP and is primarily comprised of mutual funds, which are measured at fair value using the net asset value practical expedient. 
 
 million in 2022, million in 2021 and million in 2020. 
 
 34 

13. Income Taxes 
 
 State Foreign Deferred: Federal and State 
 
 Foreign ) Depreciation expense ) ) Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Operating lease liabilities Allowance for doubtful accounts Employee-related accruals Stock-based compensation Payroll tax deferral Other ) ) 
 
 35 

percent to income before income taxes and the income tax provision is as follows (in millions): 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Income tax provision at the statutory rate State income taxes, net of federal benefit Nondeductible executive compensation Disallowed meals and entertainment expenses Excess stock-based compensation benefit ) ) ) Work opportunity tax credit ) ) ) Other 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million domestic credit carryforwards and had million of foreign net operating losses, which will start to expire in 2030. The Company has recorded a valuation allowance of approximately million at December 31, 2022 related to credits and net operating loss carryforwards. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries of approximately million, substantially all of which are permanently reinvested. The Company will repatriate a portion of these foreign earnings in situations it deems advantageous for business operations, tax or cash management reasons. In doing so, the Company could be subject to state income and foreign taxes which would be insignificant. The determination of the amount of unrecognized deferred income tax liability for any basis differences on the permanently reinvested foreign earnings is not practicable due to the complexities associated with this hypothetical calculation. 
 
 The Company had gross deferred tax assets of million and million and gross deferred tax liabilities of million and million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Management has determined the gross deferred tax assets are realizable. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and million of unrecognized tax benefits, respectively, and changes during those years were not significant. If recognized, these unrecognized tax benefits would affect the annual effective tax rate. The gross unrecognized tax benefits are included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The amount of interest and penalties recognized in the consolidated financial statements is not significant. The Company believes that there will be no significant decrease in unrecognized tax benefits by the end of 2023. 

36 

14. Earnings per Share 
 
 Income from discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net income Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding - basic Dilutive effect of common share equivalents Weighted-average number of common shares and share equivalents outstanding - diluted Basic earnings per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Diluted earnings per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations 

37 

15. Segment Reporting 
 
 Gross profit Operating income Depreciation Amortization Federal Government Revenues Gross profit Operating income Depreciation Amortization Consolidated Revenues Gross profit Operating income Depreciation Amortization 
 
 ___________________ 

38 

Consulting Federal Government Firm-fixed-price Time and materials Cost reimbursable Consolidated 
 
 Federal Civilian Other 

16. Fair Value Measurements 
 
 billion (see Note 9. Long-Term Debt) and its fair value was billion on December 31, 2022, which was determined using quoted prices in active markets for identical liabilities (Level 1 inputs). 
 
 Certain acquisitions contained provisions requiring the Company to pay contingent consideration in the event the underlying acquired businesses achieved certain specified earning targets or obtained specified contract awards (see Note 6. Acquisitions). Contingent consideration liabilities had a fair value of million at December 31, 2021, of which million was paid in 2022 and the remaining amount was reduced to zero as a measurement period adjustment, with no effect on results of operations. There were no fair value adjustments for non-financial assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2022. 

39 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Exchange Act). Based on this evaluation, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. The term "disclosure controls and procedures" means controls and other procedures of the Company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. "Disclosure controls and procedures" include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act) for the Company. The term "internal control over financial reporting" is defined as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Principal Executive and Principal Financial Officers, or persons performing similar functions and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 
 
 Pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; 
 Provide reasonable assurance that the transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention of timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on our assessment and those criteria, management believes that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Our independent registered public accounting firm, Deloitte Touche LLP, has included an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting, which is included above. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s fourth quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 40 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of ASGN Incorporated 
 Glen Allen, Virginia 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of ASGN Incorporated and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated February 24, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 24, 2023 

41 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 
 None. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 None. 
 
 42 

PART III 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 Information responsive to this item will be set forth in the Company s definitive proxy statement for use in connection with its 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The 2023 Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 
 Information responsive to this item will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 Information responsive to this item will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 
 Information responsive to this Item will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 
 Information responsive to this Item will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement, to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the Company s fiscal year and is incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedule 
 
 (a) List of documents filed as part of this report 
 
 1. Financial Statements: 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedule: 
 Schedule II Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
 Schedules other than those referred to above have been omitted because they are not applicable or not required under the instructions contained in Regulation S-X or because the information is included elsewhere in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 
 43 

ASGN INCORPORATED AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 SCHEDULE II VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 (In millions) 
 ) Workers compensation loss reserves ) Year ended December 31, 2021 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Workers compensation loss reserves ) Year ended December 31, 2020 Allowance for doubtful accounts ) Workers compensation loss reserves ) 
 ______ 
 (1) Deductions from allowance for doubtful accounts include write-offs of uncollectible accounts receivable. 
 s. 
 44 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 Number Description 2.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, by and between ASGN Incorporated and H.I.G. Orca Acquisition Holdings, Inc. (incorporate by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 1, 2021) 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of On Assignment, Inc., effective June 23, 2014 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25, 2014) 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of On Assignment, Inc. effective April 2, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2018) 
 3.3 Fifth Amended and Restated Bylaws of ASGN Incorporated, effective December 7, 2022 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 13, 2022) 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (P) 4.2 Description of the Registrant Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020) 
 4.3 Indenture, dated November 22, 2019, among ASGN Incorporated, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.8 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020) 
 4.4 Supplemental Indenture No. 1 dated as of June 7, 2021, among ASGN Incorporated, the guarantors party thereto, the released parties thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 4.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021) 
 4.5 Supplemental Indenture No. 2 dated as of September 29, 2021 among ASGN Incorporated, the guarantors party thereto, the released parties thereto and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee dated as of November 22, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 9, 2021) 
 4.6 Supplemental Indenture No. 3 dated as of November 15, 2022, among ASGN Incorporated, the guarantors party thereto, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee 
 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2015, among On Assignment, Inc., as the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2015) 
 10.2 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 5, 2016, among On Assignment, Inc. as the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2016) 
 10.3 Second Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 21, 2017, among On Assignment, Inc. as the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2017) 
 10.4 Third Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2017, among On Assignment, Inc., as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 28, 2017) 
 10.5 Fourth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 22, 2017, among On Assignment, Inc., as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2017) 
 10.6 Fifth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 2, 2018, among ASGN Incorporated, as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from E xhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2018) 
 
 45 

10.7 Sixth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2019, among ASGN Incorporated, as Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from E xhibit 10.7 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020) 
 10.8 Seventh Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 21, 2021, among ASGN Incorporated as the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021) 
 10.9 Eighth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 19, 2021, among ASGN Incorporated as the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021) 
 10.1 Ninth Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 22, 2022, among ASGN Incorporated as the Borrower, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 22, 2022 
 10.11 ASGN Incorporated Second Amended and Restated 2010 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, dated as of March 18, 2020 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020) 
 10.12 ASGN Incorporated Second Amended and Restated 2010 Incentive Award Plan, dated as of August 8, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 8, 2019) 
 10.13 ASGN Incorporated 2010 Incentive Award Plan Senior Executive Time-Vesting Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.11 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020) 
 10.15 ASGN Incorporated 2010 Incentive Award Plan Form of Retention Notice Restricted Stock Unit Award and Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 8, 2019) 
 10.16 ASGN Incorporated 2010 Incentive Award Plan Form of Senior Executive Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice and Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 11, 2020) 
 10.17 ASGN Incorporated 2010 Incentive Award Plan Form of Senior Executive Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Notice (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.17 from our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022) 
 10.18 Second Amended and Restated ASGN Incorporated 2012 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan, effective as of April 26, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.20 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2019) 
 10.19 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated ASGN Incorporated 2012 Employment Inducement Incentive Award Plan, effective as of June 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 9, 2021) 
 10.20 ASGN Incorporated Second Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan, effective as of April 26, 2018 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 10, 2018) 
 10.21 ASGN Incorporated Amended and Restated Change in Control Severance Plan, as amended and restated on December 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 17, 2019) 
 10.22 Employment Agreement, dated as of June 3, 2019, by and between ASGN Incorporated and Theodore S. Hanson (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.22 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2020) 
 10.23 Employment Agreement, dated as of September 1, 2012, by and between On Assignment, Inc. and Edward L. Pierce (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 7, 2012) 
 10.24 Employment Agreement, dated January 3, 2022, by and between ASGN Incorporated and Marie Perry (incorporated by reference form Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on From 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 7, 2022) 
 10.25 Employment Agreement, dated as of January 8, 2007, by and between Rand Blazer and Apex Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.35 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2013) 
 
 46 

10.26 Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2008, by and between Rand Blazer and Apex Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.36 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2013) 
 10.27 Amendment No. 2 to the Employment Agreement, dated as of August 3, 2009, by and between Rand Blazer and Apex Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.37 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2013) 
 10.28 Amendment No. 3 to the Employment Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2012, by and between Rand Blazer, On Assignment, Inc. and Apex Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.38 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2013) 
 10.29 Amendment No. 4 to the Employment Agreement, dated as of May 15, 2012, by and between Rand Blazer and Apex Systems, Inc. (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.39 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 18, 2013) 
 10.30 Severance Term Letter, as of December 13, 2017, by and between On Assignment, Inc. and Jennifer Hankes Painter (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.38 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2018) 
 10.31 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference from Exhibit 10.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2007) 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 31.1 Certification of Theodore S. Hanson, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 31.2 Certification of Marie L. Perry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) 
 32.1 Certification of Theodore S. Hanson, Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 Certification of Marie L. Perry, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104.1 Cover page interactive data file (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) ____ ) Filed herewith. These exhibits relate to management contracts or compensatory plans, contracts or arrangements in which directors and/or named executive officers of the Registrant may participate. P This exhibit originally filed in paper format. Accordingly, a hyperlink has not been provided. 
 
 47 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 24th day of February 2023. 
 
 ASGN Incorporated /s/ Theodore S. Hanson Theodore S. Hanson Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities indicated and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Theodore S. Hanson Chief Executive Officer, Director February 24, 2023 Theodore S. Hanson (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Marie L. Perry Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer February 24, 2023 Marie L. Perry (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Rose Cunningham Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller February 24, 2023 Rose Cunningham (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Arshad Matin February 24, 2023 Arshad Matin Chair of the Board of Directors /s/ Brian J. Callaghan February 23, 2023 Brian J. Callaghan Director /s/ Joseph W. Dyer February 24, 2023 Joseph W. Dyer Director /s/ Mark A. Frantz February 24, 2023 Mark A. Frantz Director /s/ Maria R. Hawthorne February 23, 2023 Maria R. Hawthorne Director /s/ Jonathan S. Holman February 23, 2023 Jonathan S. Holman Director /s/ Mariel A. Joliet February 23, 2023 Mariel A. Joliet Director /s/ Marty R. Kittrell February 23, 2023 Marty R. Kittrell Director /s/ Carol J. Lindstrom February 23, 2023 Carol J. Lindstrom Director /s/ Edwin A. Sheridan IV February 23, 2023 Edwin A. Sheridan IV Director 
 
 48 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 ex46supplementalindenturen.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 
 Exhibit 4.6 

 ASGN INCORPORATED THE GUARANTORS PARTY HERETO FROM TIME TO TIME and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Trustee 
 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 3 Dated as of November 15, 2022 
 to 
 4.625 SENIOR NOTES DUE 2028 INDENTURE Dated as of November 22, 2019 
 SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE NO. 3 (this Supplemental Indenture dated as of November 15, 2022, between IRON VINE SECURITY, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company (the New Guarantor and a current or former subsidiary of ASGN INCORPORATED, a Delaware corporation (the Issuer ), and U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association, as successor in interest to U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as trustee under the Indenture referred to below (the Trustee ). 
 W I T N E S S E T H 
 WHEREAS, the Issuer and certain Guarantors and the Trustee have heretofore executed an indenture, dated as of November 22, 2019 (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified, the Indenture ), providing for the issuance of the Issuer s 4.625 Senior Notes due 2028 (the Notes ), initially in the aggregate principal amount of 550,000,000 
 WHEREAS, the Issuer and certain Guarantors and the Trustee have heretofore executed that certain supplemental indenture, dated as of June 7, 2021 Supplemental Indenture No. 1 ), and that certain supplemental indenture, dated as of September 20, 2021 Supplemental Indenture No. 2 
 WHEREAS, Sections 4.11 and 10.07 of the Indenture provide that under certain circumstances the Issuer is required to cause each New Guarantor to execute and deliver to the Trustee a supplemental indenture pursuant to which such New Guarantor shall unconditionally guarantee all the Issuer s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture pursuant to a Note Guarantee on the terms and conditions set forth herein and 
 WHEREAS, pursuant to Section 9.01 of the Indenture, the Trustee and the Issuer are authorized to execute and deliver this Supplemental Indenture without the consent of the Holders 
 NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the New Guarantor, the Issuer and the Trustee mutually covenant and agree for the equal and ratable benefit of the Holders of the Notes as follows 
 1. Defined Terms . As used in this Supplemental Indenture, terms defined in the Indenture or in the preamble or recital hereto are used herein as therein defined, except that the term Holders in this Supplemental Indenture shall refer to the term Holders as defined in the Indenture and the Trustee acting on behalf of and for the benefit of such Holders. The words herein , hereof and hereby and other words of similar import used in this Supplemental Indenture refer to this Supplemental Indenture as a whole and not to any particular Section hereof. 

2. Agreement to Guarantee . The New Guarantor hereby agrees, jointly and severally with all existing Guarantors (if any), to unconditionally guarantee the Issuer s Obligations under the Notes and the Indenture on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in Article X of the Indenture and to be bound by all other applicable provisions of the Indenture and the Notes and to perform all of the obligations and agreements of a Guarantor under the Indenture. 
 3. Notices . All notices or other communications to the New Guarantor shall be given as provided in Section 11.01 of the Indenture. 
 4. Ratification of Indenture Supplemental Indentures Part of Indenture . Except as expressly amended hereby, the Indenture is in all respects ratified and confirmed and all the terms, conditions and provisions thereof shall remain in full force and effect. This Supplemental Indenture shall form a part of the Indenture for all purposes, and every Holder of Notes heretofore or hereafter authenticated and delivered shall be bound hereby. 
 5. Governing Law . THIS SUPPLEMENTAL INDENTURE SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW. 
 6. Trustee Makes No Representation . The Trustee makes no representation as to the validity or sufficiency of this Supplemental Indenture. 
 7. Counterparts . The parties may sign any number of copies of this Supplemental Indenture. Each signed copy shall be an original, but all of them together represent the same agreement. 
 8. Effect of Headings . The Section headings herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction thereof. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the date first written above. 
 ASGN INCORPORATED 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 IRON VINE SECURITY, LLC, as a New Guarantor 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Signature Page to ASGN 2028 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3 

U.S. BANK TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION , not in its individual capacity, but solely as Trustee 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Signature Page to ASGN 2028 Notes Supplemental Indenture No. 3 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 ex211subsoftheregistrant20.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 21.1 

SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT 
 
 Apex Systems, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company 
 ECS Federal, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Creative Circle, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Other subsidiaries of the Registrant are omitted from this exhibit pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(21)(ii) 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 ex231consent2022.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 23.1 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-256948, 333-233342, 333-223952, 333-204776, 333-189287, 333-183863, 333-181426, and 333-168041 on Form S-8 and 333-182277 and 333-181570 on Form S-3 of our reports dated February 24, 2023, relating to the financial statements of ASGN Incorporated and the effectiveness of ASGN Incorporated s internal control over financial reporting appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s DELOITTE & TOUCHE LLP 
 Los Angeles, California 
 February 24, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 ex311ceocertification30220.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Theodore S. Hanson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ASGN Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Theodore S. Hanson Theodore S. Hanson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 ex312cfocertification30220.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) 
 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Marie L. Perry, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of ASGN Incorporated 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Marie L. Perry Marie L. Perry Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 ex321certificationofceo906.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of ASGN Incorporated (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Theodore S. Hanson Theodore S. Hanson Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 ex322certificationofcfo906.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 
 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of ASGN Incorporated (the Company ), hereby certifies that, to her knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (a) the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the period ended December 31, 2022 filed on the date hereof with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (b) information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 24, 2023 s Marie L. Perry Marie L. Perry Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 asgn-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 asgn-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 asgn-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 asgn-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 asgn-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

