<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230322_10-K_edgar_data_1862327_0001140361-23-012844.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5105201</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>563054</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>922173</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1149056</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1294316</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>982970</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001140361-23-012844.hdr.sgml : 20230322
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230321174650
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001140361-23-012844
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230322
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Infinite Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001862327
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41087
		FILM NUMBER:		23750676

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		660 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-644-5378

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		660 MADISON AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001140361-23-012844.txt : 20230322

10-K
 1
 brhc10049648_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, DC 20549

FORM 

(Mark One)

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from 
 to

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation

 or organization)

(Commission File Number) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: )

660 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10065

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class:

Trading Symbol:

Name of Each Exchange on Which

 Registered:

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
 preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation
 S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging
 growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised
 financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over
 financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued
 financial statements. 

Indicate

 by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the issued and
 outstanding Class A ordinary shares, other than Class A ordinary shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the Class A ordinary shares on June 30, 2022, as reported
 on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE ), was (based on the NYSE closing sales price of the Class A ordinary shares on
 June 30, 2022 of 9.88).

As of March 21, 2023, Class A ordinary
 shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding.

Documents Incorporated by Reference: None

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

PART I 

4

Item 1.

Business 

4 

Item 1A.

Risk Factors 

29 

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments 

71 

Item 2.

Properties 

71 

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings 

71 

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures 

71

PART II 

72 

Item 5.

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

72 

Item 6.

Reserved 

73 

Item 7.

Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 

73 

Item 7A.

Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

79 

Item 8.

Financial Statements And Supplementary Data 

79 

Item 9.

Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And Financial Disclosure 

79 

Item 9A.

Controls And Procedures 

79 

Item 9B.

Other Information 

80 

Item 9C.

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. 

80 

PART III 

81 

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers And Corporate Governance 

81 

Item 11.

Executive Compensation 

92 

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

93 

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

95 

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees And Services. 

97 

PART IV 

97 

Item 15.

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

97 

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary 

98 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F-1

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS

Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to:

amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted in connection with the consummation of
 our initial public offering;

Business Combination are to a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses;

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time;

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued
 upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public
 shares 

initial public offering refers to our initial public offering units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable warrant;

LionTree are to LionTree LLC, an affiliate of our sponsor;

LionTree Advisors are to LionTree Advisors LLC, an affiliate of LionTree;

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors;

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares;

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital
 loans, if any;

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open
 market);

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares,
 provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares;

sponsor are to Infinite Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company;

Thirty Five Ventures are to Thirty Five Ventures LLC;

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent that they are no longer held by our sponsor or their
 permitted transferees; and

we, us, our, company or our company are to Infinite Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company.

1 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND RISK FACTOR SUMMARY

This Report, including, without limitation, statements under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking
 statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). In some cases, these forward-looking statements
 can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words may, should could, would, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, "continue, intends, will, potential, projects, or predicts, or,
 in each case, the negative of such terms or other similar terms or similar expressions. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can
 be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of known and unknown risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that
 may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following
 risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other factors:

we have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective;

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses;

our ability to complete our initial Business Combination;

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses;

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial Business Combination;

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial Business Combination;

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination;

our pool of prospective target businesses;

the amount of redemptions by our public shareholders;

our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination due to the uncertainty resulting from general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, international currency fluctuations
 and health epidemics and pandemics (including the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic), inflation, changes in diplomatic and trade relationships and acts of war (including the military conflict that started between the Russian Federation, Belarus and
 Ukraine in February 2022) or terrorism;

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential Business Combination opportunities;

our public securities potential liquidity, volatility and trading;

2 

Table of Contents 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance;

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties;

our financial performance; and

the other risks and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Report.

Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in
 these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws.

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I

ITEM 1. 

Business

General

We are a blank check company incorporated on March 29, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
 purchase, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial Business Combination. To date, our efforts have been limited to organizational activities, activities
 related to our initial public offering and, after our initial public offering, the search for a Business Combination target. We have generated no operating revenues to date, and we do not expect that we will generate operating revenues until we
 consummate our initial Business Combination.

While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to focus on large addressable markets
 undergoing profound structural and generational change, accelerated by a need for greater equity among all stakeholders.

In the last decade, we have seen a global shift to the digital economy as technology has enabled unlimited consumer choice, boundless scale, and uncapped opportunities. The full
 emergence of the internet economy has effectively unlocked a previously tethered system, where monetization possibilities are no longer constrained by legacy business models. From this new unlocked system, there is an increasingly empowered and
 emboldened consumer. The historical barriers separating the individual from the company or the brand are no more, and companies that recognize, maximize and perpetuate the permanence of this direct-to-consumer dynamic will be the next generation of
 winners.

We intend to seek visionary founders leading technology-enabled platforms disrupting the traditional worlds of sports, health, wellness, food, commerce, and culture through their
 unique relationship with the consumer. We intend to pursue acquisitions of platforms that are creating communities around their brands, listening to what their consumers want and fulfilling those wants in innovative and unprecedented ways. We believe
 the unique reach, influence access, prominence and investing track record of Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman combined with the extensive scope of LionTree s relationships, strategic network and proprietary deal flow makes us a highly unique and
 differentiated partner to potential target businesses and will enhance our ability to effectuate an attractive Business Combination.

OUR SPONSORS

Our sponsor is controlled by NBA superstar Kevin Durant and entrepreneur Rich Kleiman, and LionTree, a leading investment and merchant bank. The history of the working relationship
 between Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and principals at LionTree goes back for several years. We believe the combined capabilities of both Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, and LionTree (the sponsor
 group ), highlighted by our core sector overlap and highly complementary unique attributes, create a differentiated sponsor group that we believe will provide competitive advantages in sourcing, effecting an attractive combination and driving
 long-term value for our shareholders.

THIRTY FIVE VENTURES

Thirty Five Ventures was founded in 2016 by Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman on the shared belief that the access, global reach and influence of an NBA superstar of Mr. Durant s caliber
 would create unique investment and business opportunities well beyond traditional athlete endorsements. During Mr. Durant s years with the Golden State Warriors from 2016-2019, he and Mr. Kleiman immersed themselves in the Silicon Valley ecosystem,
 building deep relationships that have since led to their invitation into some of the most high profile venture deals, including notable companies and entities such as Postmates, Acorns, Whoop, Overtime, Caffeine, Robinhood, and Coinbase. In addition
 to venture stage opportunities, Thirty Five Ventures also invested in MLS s Philadelphia Union and has pursued real estate investments, including a commercial building in Suitland, MD. Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman are also focusing their efforts on
 building an infrastructure at Thirty Five Ventures from which they could launch their own businesses, including: Boardroom, a sports business media platform featuring digital video series, podcasts,
 e-newsletter, feature news articles, and digital and social media content covering the athletes, executives, and companies behind the biggest sports business stories; and a media production business which has produced scripted and unscripted film
 television, digital and branded content projects including 2020 s In the Water documentary on Showtime, 2021 s Swagger - a scripted series for AppleTV in
 partnership with Imagine Entertainment and CBS Studios - and Two Distant Strangers, a 2021 Academy Award winning film. The mission across all of Thirty Five Ventures business initiatives is to leverage the
 access and business savvy of Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman to find great investments, forge unique partnerships, and produce creative works at the intersection of sports, media and culture. See Item 1A. Risk Factors -
 Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates, including LionTree and Thirty Five Ventures, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

4 

Table of Contents 

LIONTREE

LionTree brings highly trusted advisory and investment experience to Infinite Acquisition Corp. Founded in 2012, the firm is headquartered in New York with offices in San Francisco,
 Paris and London. LionTree leverages its unique insights and relationships across its integrated product set: M A Advisory, Capital Raising, LT Growth, IPO Advisory, Institutional Investor Membership and Merchant Banking. Since inception,
 LionTree has advised on over 750 billion worth of deals across the media, tech, and global consumer ecosystem. Focused on industry defining transactions, LionTree has significant depth and breadth of C-level, global investors and board room
 relationships across the communications and creative digital economy. LionTree provides Infinite Acquisition Corp. an incredibly distinctive deal network and a proven track record for identifying and working with best-in-class, iconic brands and
 assets.

LionTree s Merchant Banking business co-invests with clients across venture, growth, and private equity. Functioning as a value-add partner, LionTree has invested in numerous
 innovative companies across sports, health, wellness, lifestyle, food, travel, and culture including Sorare, FuboTV, Pluto TV, Mirror, Whoop, The Athletic, Axiomatic, Faceit, Splice, Gimlet Media, Q Code, Second Spectrum, Mojo, Underdog, Religion of
 Sports, Ripken Baseball, GetYourGuide, Color Genomics, HumanCo, Public and Bolt. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates, including LionTree and Thirty Five
 Ventures, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. 

SOURCING, CAPITAL RAISING AND TRANSACTION EXPERTISE

We intend to leverage our sponsor group s unique and extensive global networks to access direct and proprietary opportunities that are disrupting the traditional worlds of sports,
 health, wellness, food, commerce, and culture through their unique relationship with the consumer. We believe our process of screening and selecting potential target companies for our initial Business Combination will be highly differentiated.

Our advantage is driven by our sponsor group s proven track records of successfully sourcing attractive investment opportunities through a proprietary network of relationships with a
 wide range of entrepreneurs, venture capitalists, management teams and former executives of public and private companies, private equity sponsors and investment bankers.

Our sponsor group developed its networks through years of experience advising, investing in, operating and selling businesses across the technology, media, sports and entertainment
 sectors and consequently have established reputations as ethical business principals and operators and long-term, patient partners.

LionTree s strategic advisory business also includes a capital raising platform led by a team that has raised privately placed capital on behalf of clients for longer than a decade
 from a wide network of institutional investors. We believe this unique network of relationships will significantly enhance our ability to raise additional capital either in conjunction with our initial Business Combination or at some point in the
 future.

5 

Table of Contents 

We have extensive experience guiding management teams of companies we have invested in as they develop and execute growth strategies that include transitioning to digital business
 models, rolling out new products and services, expanding globally, growing via partnership or acquisitions, and leveraging brands and IP across an increasingly diverse and complex landscape. We also plan to leverage our sponsor s and our board of
 directors (members extensive transaction experience across both public and private markets to effectively close a transaction in a timely manner. We believe the public company experience that resides in our sponsor group and our board of directors
 will be valuable in the process of negotiating and closing our initial Business Combination.

Notable examples of the relevant transactional experiences of LionTree with special purpose acquisition companies include:

Exclusive financial advisor to Isos Acquisition Corp on its SPAC merger with Bowlero 

Financial advisor to Kismet Acquisition Corp. on its combination with Nexters Global

Financial advisor to Virgin Group s VG Acquisition Corp. on its combination with 23andMe

Financial advisor to PLAYSTUDIOS on its combination with Acies Acquisition Corp.

Exclusive financial advisor to Hims Hers on its combination with Oaktree Acquisition Corp.

Financial advisor to Skillz in its combination with Flying Eagle Acquisition Corp.

Financial Advisor to Virgin Galactic in its merger with Social Capital

OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM AND BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Our management team is comprised of Kevin Durant as Co-Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors, Rich Kleiman, Co-Chief Executive Officer and member of our board
 of directors, David Farber as Chief Financial Officer and Alexander Michael as Chief Development Officer. Aryeh B. Bourkoff is serving as Chairman of our board of directors, and Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stacey
 Bendet as directors of our board.

For more information on our management team and directors, see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Past
 experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any Business Combination that we may
 consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of future performance. Our management team and their respective affiliates have been involved with a large number of public
 and private companies in addition to those identified above, not all of which have achieved similar performance levels. See Item 1A. Risk Factors - Past performance by our management team or their respective
 affiliates, including LionTree and Thirty Five Ventures, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Our management team has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies. For a complete list of
 our executive officers and entities for which a conflict of interest may or does exist between such officers and the company, please refer to Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
 - Conflicts of Interest. 

OUR BUSINESS STRATEGY

Over the past ten years, technology has driven a global shift that has enabled unlimited consumer choice, boundless scale and uncapped opportunities. The evolution of the digital
 economy has effectively unlocked a previously tethered system. Companies, brands, creators, influencers and individuals alike now have monetization possibilities that are no longer constrained by physical distribution, legacy communication or
 traditional business models. Every company can interact directly with its consumers, and every individual can access the tools to become their own brand. In one generation, we have gone from mass media to me -dia, from scarcity to abundance, from
 measured to infinite.

6 

Table of Contents 

This seismic shift has empowered the consumer and the creator more than ever before, and the businesses and platforms that will emerge as leaders will be those that create community
 around their brands, listening to what their consumers want and fulfilling those wants in innovative and unprecedented ways

Kevin Durant, Rich Kleiman and their respective affiliates have operated on the principle that the best businesses and brands are those that maintain and nurture deep relationships
 with their consumers. What began from a shared belief between Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman that Mr. Durant s status as a global leader could drive far more opportunity than traditional endorsements, Thirty Five Ventures evolved into a multi-faceted
 business that has made thoughtful investments and been at the forefront of the trends shaping the intersection of media, commerce and technology. LionTree advises and invests at the same convergence of trends across the broader ecosystem and has
 always understood that business building across tech, media, and the broader digital economy is the pipeline to reach the consumer in innovative ways. LionTree s Merchant Bank invests capital alongside these growth strategies that are interwoven with
 industry players and evolving thematics, thereby expanding and deepening the community. LionTree is also an investor in Boardroom , a sports media platform co-founded by Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman, which
 underscores the strategic alignment between within the sponsor group and serves as a representative example of our business strategy.

Together, we believe our sponsor group has unique insights and unparalleled access to identify corporate change agents, amplify brands, and accelerate business models to secure
 outsized outcomes. We plan to leverage our collective and differentiated level of access to generate an array of Business Combination opportunities with potential target companies. Furthermore, we believe our combined track records of success
 differentiate us as a potential partner and will distinguish us to potential target businesses for our initial Business Combination.

OUR FOCUS

The below represent examples of our thematic areas of focus, by no means exclusively, many of which are experiencing accelerated digital transformation:

Sports : We watch, consume and participate in sports largely in the same ways we have for decades, and all that has really changed is the screen size. Few sectors can match
 that claim. Generational change and technology have long knocked on the door of sports transformation and are now breaking through. Personalized streaming, augmented reality, e-sports, sports betting, biometric access, omnichannel events
 blurring in-home and live experiences, AI-powered analytical tools and block-chain applications are just a few examples of more bespoke approaches to engaging and retaining consumers that seek a differentiated experience. We believe this is
 an exciting moment for this massive global industry and one that will lend itself to incredible acquisition opportunities.

7 

Table of Contents 

Health Wellness : With the COVID-19 pandemic rapidly accelerating shifts towards telehealth in all categories, individuals have shown they want to be led by instructors,
 doctors, and subject matter experts on almost every choice they make, and they expect the same frictionless ease and connectivity they experience in other categories. Just as mobile devices and cloud computing technology have empowered
 on-demand transactions in sectors like video (Netflix), music (Spotify), transportation (Uber), sports betting (FanDuel, DraftKings), and insurance (Lemonade), mental health (Calm, Headspace), digital health (Peloton, Oura, Whoop a Thirty
 Five and LionTree investment), and wellness (Noom) are the next industries to be completely digitized. The traditional healthcare vertical is poised for digital transformation as well, with growing levels of investment and maturation in the
 space, from the IPOs of Oscar Health (LionTree acted as co-manager and investor), GoodRx and Amwell, to the merger of Teladoc and Livongo, to the acquisition of hims hers by the Oaktree Acquisition Corp SPAC in a go-public transaction
 (LionTree advised hims hers management).

Food Tech Supply : Increased focus on personal health, animal welfare, and climate change have driven companies to harness technology to create more sustainable food
 products and production processes. Consumers want better options to achieve more sustainable consumption patterns, even if those alternatives are more expensive. Early pioneers such as Beyond Meat and Impossible Foods popularized plant-based
 meat substitutes. Companies like Seebo and Winnow have developed simple integration tools to help food manufacturers and restaurants control food waste along the manufacturing production line.

E-Commerce : Tremendous energy and investment are devoted to how the intersection of retail, distribution and media might look in the future. Digital-first, direct-to-consumer
 platforms have flourished by focusing on a specific market segment, rethinking the consumer experience, and building community around their brand. Some examples include Warby Parker (eyewear), Harry s (personal care), Chewy (pets), Thrive
 Market (organic grocery), Wayfair (home), and Kaval and Rent The Runway (beauty/fashion/apparel) and Gucci (Luxury).

Crypto and Digital Assets : The recent acceleration of crypto and digital assets as frictionless tools for the consumer continues to gain tremendous momentum with the rise of
 platforms like Coinbase, Kraken, Chainalysis, BlockChain.com and BlockFi or security solutions for crypto assets, such as hardware wallet technologies developed by Ledger. These technologies make the internet ownable, providing new ways to
 reward and compensate creators for their work allowing unbound creativity, and driving toward the emergence of potentially massive new platforms to harness this democratization of scarcity. We have witnessed heightened demand for the ability
 to purchase or own pieces of art (SuperRare), content collectibles (Dapper Labs), game collectibles (Axie Infinity), real estate (Decentraland) and much more all of which is uniquely enabled by the blockchain. Consumers have been
 empowered to invest directly in athletes performance (Sorare), artists (Beeple), and creators (Rally, Mirror), past or present. We believe these non-fungible tokens (NFTs) will enable greater liquidity for previously illiquid assets and
 reflect the nearly unimaginable scaling that the internet enables.

OUR ACQUISITION CRITERIA

We intend to identify companies that have compelling growth potential and a combination of the characteristics listed below. We will use these guidelines to evaluate acquisition
 opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that does not meet these preliminary criteria.

We expect to complete a Business Combination with a target that is a technology-enabled platform pursuing disruption in the traditional worlds of sports, health wellness, food, travel, lifestyle and culture
 (and beyond).

8 

Table of Contents 

We intend to pursue companies that can uniquely benefit from the extensive access, network and reach of our Management, Sponsors and Board.

We intend to focus on companies that exhibit exceptional product-market fit, unique brands or intellectual property, strong barriers to entry and overall industry tailwinds.

We intend to focus on businesses that can expand rapidly through both organic means and M A, and both domestically and internationally.

We intend to pursue companies with exceptional, talented management teams that strive to be great.

We intend to focus on businesses with compelling financial profiles and opportunities to generate attractive returns on capital invested.

We intend to pursue targets with the requisite scale and characteristics suitable for a transition to the public markets and one that can benefit from the guidance our Management, Sponsors and Board in developing
 and articulating the investment opportunity to public investors.

These criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial Business Combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these
 general guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into our initial Business Combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria
 and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial Business Combination, which, as discussed in this Report, would be in the form of
 tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials that we would file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ).

POTENTIAL CONFLICTS OF INTEREST

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and key
 employees, document reviews and inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. We will also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning
 experience.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman, their respective affiliates, our sponsor,
 officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman, their respective affiliates, our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of
 independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
 view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

Moreover, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with our sponsor, LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, one or
 more funds of LionTree, Thirty Five Ventures or their respective affiliates and/or investors in funds of LionTree and of members or affiliates of our sponsor group. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our
 initial Business Combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the Business Combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
 interests and ours.

9 

Table of Contents 

Members of our management team or board of directors directly or indirectly own our founder shares and/or private placement warrants following our initial public offering, and,
 accordingly, may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of
 interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors were to be included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business
 Combination.

LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, manage multiple investment vehicles and may raise additional funds and/or successor
 funds in the future (collectively, the LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures Funds and Accounts ), which may occur during the period in which we are seeking our initial Business Combination. These investment entities will likely be seeking acquisition
 opportunities and related financing during the time we are pursuing an acquisition opportunity. We may compete with any one or more of them on any given acquisition opportunity. However, we do not expect that this would adversely affect our ability
 to consummate our initial Business Combination because our investment mandate is different from the current investment mandate of the LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures Funds and Accounts. Accordingly, many of the potential targets for a Business
 Combination may not be appropriate investments for the LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures Funds and Accounts, including, without limitation, because: (i) the expected risk-adjusted returns acceptable to us with respect to any potential Business
 Combination may not meet the investment parameters of the LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures Funds and Accounts; (ii) of differences then existing between the general private equity and other strategies of members of our sponsor group and our business
 strategy ; and (iii) the fact that the post-Business Combination entity will be a public company, which may not be an appropriate investment for one or more of the LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures Funds and Accounts, which are expected to generally
 target companies that are more suitable for an operational private equity investment program.

Our sponsor and our officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during
 the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial Business Combination. However, we do not believe that any such
 potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

In addition, certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities, including,
 without limitation, any future special purpose acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in and investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective
 affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, and certain companies in which LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman, their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, or such individuals and entities have invested. As a result, if any of our
 officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he, she or it has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations (including, without, limitation, any future special purpose
 acquisition companies we expect they may be involved in and any of the LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures Funds or Accounts or other investment vehicles), then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor
 such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these funds or investment entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from
 pursuing the same. In addition, investment ideas generated within or presented to LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, or our management team may be suitable for both us and a current or
 future LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures Fund and Account, portfolio company or other investment entity and, subject to applicable fiduciary duties, will first be directed to such fund, portfolio company or other entity before being directed, if at
 all, to us. None of LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, or any members of our management team who are also employed by LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliates
 have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential Business Combination of which they become aware solely in their capacities as officers or executives of LionTree or entities affiliated with Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their
 respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures.

10 

Table of Contents 

However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

In addition, our officers and directors, are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, have conflicts of interest in allocating management
 time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. In particular, certain of our officers and directors may serve as an officer and/or director of other future
 special purpose acquisition companies. Moreover, our officers and directors have, and will have in the future, time and attention requirements for current and future investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities managed by
 LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures. To the extent any conflict of interest arises between, on the one hand, us and, on the other hand, investments funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles
 and other entities managed by LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliates(including, without limitation, arising as a result of certain of our officers and directors being required to offer acquisition opportunities to such
 investment funds, accounts, co-investment vehicles and other entities), LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates will resolve such conflicts of interest in their sole discretion in accordance with their then existing
 fiduciary, contractual and other duties and there can be no assurance that such conflict of interest will be resolved in our favor.

We may also engage entities affiliated with LionTree or LionTree Advisors for services in connection with identifying and investigating potential targets for, and the completion of,
 our Business Combination. Further, we may also engage with potential Business Combination targets to which LionTree Advisors provides services as a financial advisor. Conflicts may arise from LionTree s sponsorship of our company and its or LionTree
 Advisor s provision of services both to us (including as a financial advisor) and to third-party clients (including potential Business Combination targets with which we may engage), as well as from actions undertaken by LionTree or LionTree Advisors
 for their own account. In performing services for other clients and also when acting for their own account, LionTree or LionTree Advisors may take commercial steps that may have an adverse effect on us. Any of LionTree s or LionTree Advisor s
 financial market and advisory activities may, individually or in the aggregate, have an adverse effect on us, and the interests of LionTree or LionTree Advisors or their clients or counterparties may at times be adverse to ours.

INITIAL BUSINESS COMBINATION

So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value
 of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial
 Business Combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or
 appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do
 so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development,
 operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if
 obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided,
 it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction
 will include such opinion.

11 

Table of Contents 

We anticipate structuring our initial Business Combination so that the post-Business Combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the
 equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial Business Combination such that the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target
 business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the
 outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment
 Company Act. Even if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-Business
 Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
 stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our
 initial Business Combination could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial Business Combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or
 acquired by the post- Business Combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the Business Combination involves more than one target
 business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. If our securities are not then listed on NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test.

To the extent we effect our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be
 affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk
 factors.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not
 currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our
 incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination.

OTHER CONSIDERATIONS

We currently do not have any specific Business Combination under consideration. Our officers and directors have neither individually selected nor considered a target business nor have
 they had any substantive discussions regarding possible target businesses among themselves or with Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, the underwriter of our initial public offering (the Underwriter or other advisors. LionTree, Thirty Five
 Ventures, our management team or board of directors, and their respective affiliates is continuously made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a Business Combination, but we have not (nor has
 anyone on our behalf) contacted any prospective target business or had any substantive discussions, formal or otherwise, with respect to a Business Combination transaction with our company. We will not consider a Business Combination with any company
 that has already been identified to LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, as a suitable acquisition candidate for it, unless LionTree Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective
 affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures,, in their sole discretion, decline such potential Business Combination or make available to our company a co-investment opportunity in accordance with the applicable existing and future policies and
 procedures of LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures. Additionally, we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, taken any substantive measure, directly or indirectly, to identify or locate any
 suitable acquisition candidate for us, nor have we engaged or retained any agent or other representative to identify or locate any such acquisition candidate.

12 

Table of Contents 

LionTree and Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliates may be seeking acquisition opportunities and related financing at any time. We may compete with any one or more of
 them on any given acquisition opportunity.

CORPORATE INFORMATION

Our executive offices are located at 745 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10151. We maintain a corporate website at www.infiniteacquisitioncorp.com. The information
 contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not part of this Report.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from
 complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised)
 of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in
 addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the
 withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

Financial Position 

With funds available for a Business Combination initially in the amount of 273,660,000, after payment of the expenses of our initial public offering and 9,660,000 of deferred
 underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt
 ratio.

Because we are able to complete our initial Business Combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most
 efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third-party financing and there can be no assurance it will be
 available to us.

Effecting Our Initial Business Combination

General

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time until we consummate an initial Business Combination. We intend to
 effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial Business
 Combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or
 the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which
 would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses.

If our initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection
 with our initial Business Combination or used for redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of
 operations of the post-Business Combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital.

13 

Table of Contents 

Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our
 identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business.

We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in
 our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of the Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business
 Combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial Business Combination. We are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising
 any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise.

Sources of Target Businesses

We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various affiliated and unaffiliated sources, including, investment market participants, private
 equity groups, investment banking firms, consultants, accounting firms and large business enterprises. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings.
 These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Report or our final prospectus relating to our initial public offering and know
 what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates and other affiliated sources may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a
 result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available
 to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may
 engage these firms, including the Underwriter, or one of their respective affiliates, or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the
 terms of the transaction. In addition, the Underwriter may provide these services without additional compensation.

We will formally engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if
 finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be
 paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In addition, our sponsor or any of our existing executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, including LionTree Advisors, and other entities affiliated with LionTree, may be
 paid a consulting fee or other compensation and reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying investigating, negotiating and completing an initial Business Combination and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations.
 We have agreed to pay our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating
 and completing an initial Business Combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-Business Combination company following our initial Business Combination. The presence or absence of
 any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliates or our
 sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliates, our sponsor or any of our sponsor, officers or
 directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such initial Business Combination is fair to our
 company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context.

14 

Table of Contents 

Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including and other
 entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business
 Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to
 such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest. 

Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination

In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review which may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent
 management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We will also utilize our management team s operational and
 capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the Business Combination transaction.

The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not
 currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed
 will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination.

Lack of Business Diversification

For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single
 business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete Business Combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of
 being in a single line of business. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may:

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial Business
 Combination; and

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services.

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team

Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with that
 business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of
 members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of
 our initial Business Combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial Business Combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our
 affairs subsequent to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business.

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key
 personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination.

15 

Table of Contents 

Following a Business Combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the
 ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management.

Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination

We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons.

Under NYSE s listing rules, shareholder approval would typically be required for our initial Business Combination if, for example:

We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then-outstanding;

Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holder (as defined by the NYSE rules) has a 5 or greater interest, directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and

the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 1 or more (or 5 or more if the related party involved is classified as
 such solely because such person is a substantial security holder); or

The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control.

The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination in those instances in which shareholder approval is not required by law will be made by us, solely in our
 discretion, and will be based on business and reasons, which include a variety of factors, including, but not limited to:

the timing of the transaction, including in the event we determine shareholder approval would require additional time and there is either not enough time to seek shareholder approval or doing so would place the
 company at a disadvantage in the transaction or result in other additional burdens on the company;

the expected cost of holding a shareholder vote;

the risk that the shareholders would fail to approve the proposed Business Combination;

other time and budget constraints of the company; and

additional legal complexities of a proposed Business Combination that would be time-consuming and burdensome to present to shareholders.

16 

Table of Contents 

Permitted Purchases and Other Transactions with Respect to Our Securities

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender
 offer rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants or a combination thereof, in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of
 our initial business combination. There is no limit on the number of public shares or warrants our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law
 and NYSE rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any
 such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any,
 would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such
 purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such
 reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions prior to completion of our initial business combination. It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to
 purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain
 conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases.

We expect to require insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing our securities during certain blackout periods when they are in possession of any material non-public information
 and (ii) clear all trades of company securities with a compliance officer prior to execution. We cannot currently determine whether our insiders will make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan, as it will be dependent upon several factors,
 including but not limited to, the timing and size of such purchases. Depending on such circumstances, our insiders may either make such purchases pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 plan or determine that such a plan is not necessary.

The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain
 amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding
 or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that
 may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make
 it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or any of their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our sponsor, officers, directors or their
 affiliates may pursue privately-negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests tendered by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial
 business combination. To the extent that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem
 their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial business combination, whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial business combination. Such persons would select the
 shareholders from whom to acquire shares based on the number of shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors as any such person may deem relevant at the time of purchase. The price per share paid in any such transaction
 may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates will only purchase
 shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws.

17 

Table of Contents 

Any purchases by our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates who are affiliated purchasers under Rule 10b-18 under the Exchange Act will only be made to
 the extent such purchases are able to be made in compliance with Rule 10b-18, which is a safe harbor from liability for manipulation under Section 9(a)(2) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Rule 10b-18 has certain technical requirements that must
 be complied with in order for the safe harbor to be available to the purchaser. Our sponsor, officers, directors and/or their respective affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of
 the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Additionally, in the event our sponsor, directors, officers,
 advisors or their affiliates were to purchase public shares or warrants from public shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through
 adherence to the following:

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares, rights or warrants
 from public shareholders outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases;

if our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process;

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our securities purchased by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would
 not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction;

our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and

we would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material items:

the amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, along with the purchase price;

the purpose of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates;

the impact, if any, of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood that the business combination transaction will be approved;

the identities of our security holders who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who
 sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and

the number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer.

18 

Table of Contents 

Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination at a
 per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the
 trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per
 public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the Underwriter. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a
 beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial Business Combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our
 public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a Business Combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
 agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business
 Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the
 rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

Limitations on Redemptions

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be
 less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed Business Combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the
 target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be
 required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to
 us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof.

Manner of Conducting Redemptions

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination either
 (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be
 made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange
 listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder
 approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require
 shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to
 the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on NYSE, we will be required to comply with the NYSE rules. 

19 

Table of Contents 

If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial Business Combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and

file proxy materials with the SEC.

In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders
 with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial Business Combination.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires
 the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company where a quorum is present. In accordance with our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association, shareholders representing at least one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote at the general meeting, present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum. In such case, our
 sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need 10,350,001, or 37.5 
 (assuming all issued and outstanding ordinary shares are voted) of the 27,600,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have it approved. Assuming that only one-third of
 our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an
 initial Business Combination in order to have it approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each
 member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a
 Business Combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public
 offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association:

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the
 redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies.

Upon the public announcement of our initial Business Combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan
 established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act.

20 

Table of Contents 

In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
 Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of
 public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial Business Combination.

Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer
 rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
 under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We
 believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Business Combination as a means to
 force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our
 initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our
 shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to
 complete our initial Business Combination, particularly in connection with a Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash.

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination.

Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights

Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, will be required to either tender their
 certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository
 Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the Business Combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials,
 as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify
 itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled
 vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption
 rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares.

There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent
 will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders
 seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated.

21 

Table of Contents 

The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their Business Combinations, many blank
 check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial Business Combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed Business Combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was
 seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the Business Combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder
 then had an option window after the completion of the Business Combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in
 the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights
 surviving past the completion of the Business Combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholder s election to redeem is
 irrevocable once the Business Combination is approved.

Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the Business
 Combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise
 such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be
 distributed promptly after the completion of our initial Business Combination.

If our initial Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to
 redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares.

If our initial proposed Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a Business Combination with a different target until 21 months from the closing of
 our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023.

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we have only 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering to consummate an initial Business
 Combination, or August 23, 2023. If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten
 business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
 released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights
 as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors,
 liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to
 our warrants, which will expire worthless if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the
 consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable
 Cayman Islands law.

22 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from
 the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023 (although they are entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public
 shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame).

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of
 our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with
 the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
 account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than
 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement,
 we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, any executive officer,
 director, or any other person.

We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts of the approximately
 66,000 (as of December 31, 2022) held outside the trust account and approximately 800,000 of remaining availability under a sponsor loan commitment, plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay liquidation and
 dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose.

If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and
 without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.20. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to
 the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.20. While we intend to pay
 such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims.

Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers (except our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do
 business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even
 if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited, to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims
 challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims
 to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such
 third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose
 particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.

23 

Table of Contents 

In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or
 agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party
 for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account
 to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the
 trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that
 executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the Underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
 Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such
 indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you
 that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account
 as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our
 sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to
 enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
 directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.20 per
 public share.

We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except
 our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust
 account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the Underwriter of our initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to approximately 66,000
 of funds held outside of the trust account (as of December 31, 2022) with which we may pay any such potential claims. In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient,
 shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder.

If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account
 could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or
 insolvency claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.20 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up
 petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As
 a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders.

24 

Table of Contents 

Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our
 company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons.

Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business
 Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or
 timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business
 Combination by August 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial Business
 Combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of
 an initial Business Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or
 interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial Business Combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the Business Combination alone will not result in a
 shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote.

Comparison of Redemption or Purchase Prices in Connection with our Initial Business Combination and if We Do Not Complete our Initial Business Combination

The following table compares the redemptions and other permitted purchases of public shares that may take place in connection with the completion of our initial business combination
 and if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by August 23, 2023.

Redemptions in

 Connection

 with our Initial 

 Business

 Combination

Other Permitted Purchases

 of

 Public Shares

 by us or our Affiliates

Redemptions if we fail to

 Complete an Initial

 Business Combination

Calculation of redemption price

Redemptions at the time of our initial business combination may be made pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. The redemption price will be the same whether we conduct redemptions
 pursuant to a tender offer or in connection with a shareholder vote. In either case, our public shareholders may redeem their public shares for cash equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days
 prior to the consummation of the initial business combination (which is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share), including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and (which shall be net of taxes payable) divided
 by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitation that no redemptions will take place if all of the redemptions would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 as described elsewhere in this Report and
 any limitations (including but not limited to cash requirements) agreed to in connections with the negotiation of terms of a proposed initial business combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or warrants or a combination thereof, in
 privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following completion of our initial business combination. If any of our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants
 from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are in possession of
 any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to
 the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to
 such rules, the purchasers will be required to comply with such rules.

If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023, we will redeem all public shares at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount, then on deposit in the
 trust account (which is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public share) including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released (which shall be net of taxes payable and less up to 100,000 of interest
 to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares.

25 

Table of Contents 

Impact to

 remaining

 shareholders

The redemptions in connection with our initial business combination will reduce the book value per share for our remaining shareholders, who will bear the burden of the deferred underwriting commissions and
 taxes payable.

If the permitted purchases described above are made there would be no impact to our remaining shareholders because the purchase price would not be paid by us. In the event our sponsor, directors, officers,
 advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, such purchases would by structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part,
 through disclosing the following in our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction: the possibility that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares or
 warrants from public shareholders outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases; a representation that any of our securities purchased by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their
 affiliates would not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction; and our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities or, if
 they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights. Additionally, we would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material items: the
 amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, along with the purchase price; the purpose of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers,
 advisors or any of their affiliates; the impact, if any, of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood that the business combination transaction will be approved; the identities of
 our security holders who sold to our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who sold to our sponsor, directors,
 officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and the number of our securities for which the we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer.

The redemption of our public shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination will reduce the book value per share for the shares held by our initial shareholders, who will be our only remaining
 shareholders after such redemptions.

26 

Table of Contents 

Competition

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial Business Combination, we have encountered intense competition from other entities having a business
 objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have
 extensive experience identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through affiliates.

Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our
 available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business.

Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial
 Business Combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully
 negotiating an initial Business Combination.

Facilities

We currently maintain our executive offices at 745 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10151. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we
 pay to our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Employees

We currently have four executive officers. These individuals are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as
 they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination
 and the stage of the Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination.

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information

We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and
 current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants.

We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to
 shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the
 standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance
 with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements
 prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be
 met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material.

27 

Table of Contents 

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a
 large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over
 financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

We filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and
 regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial Business Combination.

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from
 complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised)
 of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in
 addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the
 withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us.

We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
 from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
 approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile.

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the
 Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
 take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period.

We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public
 offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period.

28 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
 obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by
 non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30.

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors

An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information
 contained in this Report, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of
 our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment.

Risks Relating to our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination

We have no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective.

We are a newly incorporated company established in the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our
 ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination and
 may be unable to complete our Business Combination. If we fail to complete our Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues.

Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates, including LionTree and Thirty Five Ventures, may not be indicative of future performance of
 an investment in us.

Information regarding performance by, or businesses associated with, our management team or their affiliates, including LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures, is presented for
 informational purposes only. Any past experience of and performance by our management team or their affiliates, including LionTree or Thirty Five Ventures, is not a guarantee either: (1) that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable
 candidate for our initial Business Combination; or (2) of any results with respect to any initial Business Combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team, LionTree, Thirty Five Ventures or any of
 their affiliates or managed fund s performance as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. An investment in us is not an investment in LionTree or Thirty Five
 Ventures. Our management team has no experience in operating special purpose acquisition companies.

Potential conflicts of interest with other businesses of LionTree, LionTree Advisors, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates, including Thirty
 Five Ventures and their respective principals could negatively impact the performance of an investment in us.

There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could negatively impact the performance of an investment in us. A number of these potential conflicts of interest, including
 those that may be associated with the financial or other interests of LionTree, LionTree Advisors, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman and their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, are discussed in more detail elsewhere in this Report Item
 1. Business - Potential Conflicts of Interest, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance , Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and
 Related Transactions, and Director Independence. ). They are not, and are not intended to be, a complete enumeration or explanation of all of the potential conflicts of interest that may arise.

29 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor is an affiliate of LionTree, Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman and certain of our directors and officers are affiliated with LionTree and affiliates of LionTree, Mr. Durant and
 Mr. Kleiman, including Thirty Five Ventures. We may engage entities affiliated with LionTree or LionTree Advisors for services in connection with identifying and investigating potential targets for, and the completion of, our Business Combination.
 Conflicts may arise from LionTree s sponsorship of our company and its or LionTree Advisor s provision of services both to us (including as a financial advisor) and to third-party clients, as well as from actions undertaken by LionTree or LionTree
 Advisors for their own account. In performing services for other clients and also when acting for their own account, LionTree or LionTree Advisors may take commercial steps that may have an adverse effect on us. Any of LionTree s or LionTree
 Advisor s financial market activities may, individually or in the aggregate, have an adverse effect on us, and the interests of LionTree or LionTree Advisors or their clients or counterparties may at times be adverse to ours.

Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business Combination, which means we may complete our initial Business
 Combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination.

We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial Business Combination if the Business Combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable
 law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to
 complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their
 shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder
 approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the Business Combination we complete.

Please see the section entitled Item 1. Business - Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination for
 additional information.

We may not be able to complete an initial Business Combinations with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the target company may be
 subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations.

Our sponsor, Infinite Sponsor, LLC, is a Delaware limited liability company. The Sponsor currently owns 6,800,000 Class B Ordinary Shares and 13,540,000 private placement warrants.
 The Sponsor is governed by a board consisting of four managers, all of which are U.S. citizens. The Sponsor is not controlled (as defined in 31 CFR 800.208) by a foreign person, such that the Sponsor s involvement in any Business Combination would
 be a covered transaction (as defined in 31 CFR 800.213). However, it is possible that non-U.S. persons could be involved in our Business Combination, which may increase the risk that our Business Combination becomes subject to regulatory review,
 including review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ), and that restrictions, limitations or conditions will be imposed by CFIUS. If our Business Combination with a U.S. business is subject to CFIUS review, the scope
 of which was expanded by Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying
 U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If our potential Business Combination with a U.S. business falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction,
 we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with a Business Combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing a Business
 Combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our Business Combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such Business Combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined
 company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial Business Combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a
 result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete a Business Combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign
 ownership issues. A failure to notify CFIUS of a transaction where such notification was required or otherwise warranted based on the national security considerations presented by an investment target may expose the Sponsor and/or the combined
 company to legal penalties, costs, and/or other adverse reputational and financial effects, thus potentially diminishing the value of the combined company. In addition, CFIUS is actively pursuing transactions that were not notified to it and may ask
 questions regarding, or impose restrictions or mitigation on, a Business Combination post-closing. 

30 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, the process of government review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our Business Combination. If we cannot complete a
 Business Combination by August 23, 2023 because the transaction is still under review or because our Business Combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. If we liquidate,
 shareholders of record may only receive their pro rata portion of funds available in the Trust Account. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment
 through any price appreciation in the combined company.

Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your
 shares from us for cash.

At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may
 complete a Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval.

Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period
 of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial Business Combination.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial
 Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote.

Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of our initial public offering. Our sponsor and
 members of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we
 will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of our issued and outstanding
 ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company where a quorum is present. In accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, shareholders representing at least one-third of our issued and
 outstanding ordinary shares entitled to vote at the general meeting, present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need 10,350,001, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and
 outstanding ordinary shares are voted) of the 27,600,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have it approved. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and
 outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial Business
 Combination in order to have it approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination will
 increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial Business Combination.

31 

Table of Contents 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you
 may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss.

Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial Business Combination, and then only
 in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend
 our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business
 Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the
 rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public
 shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business
 Combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any
 kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants,
 potentially at a loss.

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets,
 which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target.

We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a
 certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Furthermore, in no event will
 we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules).

Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a
 closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be
 reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us.

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable
 Business Combination or optimize our capital structure.

At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to
 structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of
 the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing.

Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit
 our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the Underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in
 connection with an initial Business Combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount
 held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions.

32 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial
 Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares.

If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash
 at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we
 liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In
 either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market.

The requirement that we consummate an initial Business Combination within 21 months after the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, may give
 potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline,
 which could undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders.

Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial Business Combination by August
 23, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our
 initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial Business Combination on
 terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation.

Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by
 the consequences and ongoing effects of the coronavirus Covid-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets.

In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced, which has and is continuing to spread throughout the world. Since that time, the pandemic, together with
 resulting voluntary and government mandated actions, including mandatory business closures, public gathering limitations, restrictions on travel and quarantines, has meaningfully disrupted the global economy and markets. Although the long-term
 economic fallout of COVID-19 is difficult to predict, it has had and is expected to continue to have ongoing material adverse effects across many aspects of regional, national and global economies. COVID-19 has adversely affected economies and
 financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if continued
 concerns relating to COVID-19, including any new variant of COVID-19 that may emerge, result in a renewal of travel restrictions, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or potential Business Combination target company s
 personnel, vendors and service providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly
 uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the duration and severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other
 matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely
 affected.

33 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including
 as a result of increased market volatility or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all.

Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected
 by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in
 our target markets.

U.S. and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In
 response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and
 restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries,
 including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine during the ongoing military conflict, increasing geopolitical tensions with Russia. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the
 resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and
 global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in energy and other commodity prices, credit and
 capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital
 markets.

Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of
 Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a Business Combination and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine,
 resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military
 operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described elsewhere in this Report. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time,
 our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we may ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected.

In addition, the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia, and the impact of sanctions against Russia and the potential for retaliatory acts from Russia, could result in increased
 cyber-attacks against U.S. companies.

We may not be able to consummate an initial Business Combination within 21 months after the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, in which
 case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate.

34 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may
 be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to develop in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact
 of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being
 unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. Further, financial markets may be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflicts
 (including the military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022, see Our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we may ultimately
 consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected by the geopolitical conditions resulting from the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities and the
 status of debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets. ), terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events. If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within such applicable time
 period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the
 aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution
 expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as
 promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for
 claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, we will
 follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public
 shareholders may receive only 10.20 per public share, or less than 10.20 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. For more information, see the risk factor entitled If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public
 share and other risk factors herein.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to
 purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer
 rules, our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants or a combination thereof, in privately-negotiated transactions or in the open market, either prior to or following the completion of our
 initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions.
 None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. See Item 1. Business - Effecting Our Initial Business Combination - Permitted Purchases and Other
 Transactions with Respect to Our Securities for a description of how our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private
 transaction.

Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore
 agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately-negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their
 redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business
 combination. The price per share paid in any such transaction may be different than the amount per share a public shareholder would receive if it elected to redeem its shares in connection with our initial business combination. The purpose of such
 purchases could be to (1) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (2) satisfy a closing condition in an
 agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our
 securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and
 the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. The purpose of any such purchases of public
 warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination.

35 

Table of Contents 

It is intended that, if Rule 10b-18 would apply to purchases by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates, then such purchases will comply with Rule 10b-18 under
 the Exchange Act, to the extent it applies, which provides a safe harbor for purchases made under certain conditions, including with respect to timing, pricing and volume of purchases.

Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported
 pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. Additionally, in the event our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates were to purchase shares or
 warrants from public shareholders, such purchases would be structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following:

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would disclose the possibility that our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares, rights or warrants
 from public shareholders outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases;

if our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates were to purchase shares or warrants from public shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process;

our registration statement/proxy statement filed for our business combination transaction would include a representation that any of our securities purchased by our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would
 not be voted in favor of approving the business combination transaction;

our sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates would not possess any redemption rights with respect to our securities or, if they do acquire and possess redemption rights, they would waive such rights; and

we would disclose in a Form 8-K, before our security holder meeting to approve the business combination transaction, the following material items:

the amount of our securities purchased outside of the redemption offer by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates, along with the purchase price;

the purpose of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates;

the impact, if any, of the purchases by our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates on the likelihood that the business combination transaction will be approved;

the identities of our security holders who sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our security holders (e.g., 5 security holders) who
 sold to our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates; and

the number of our securities for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer.

36 

Table of Contents 

In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced,
 possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange.

If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fails to comply with the
 procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed.

We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with
 these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer
 materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In
 the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1. Business - Effecting Our Initial Business Combination - Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with
 a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 

As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for
 attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial Business Combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial Business Combination.

In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition
 companies have already entered into an initial Business Combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at
 times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial Business Combination.

In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available
 targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive Business Combinations could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry
 sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate
 our ability to find and consummate an initial Business Combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether.

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial
 Business Combination.

In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer
 insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into
 the future.

The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial Business
 Combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-Business Combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both.
 However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-Business Combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors.

37 

Table of Contents 

In addition, even after we were to complete an initial Business Combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct
 alleged to have occurred prior to the initial Business Combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-Business Combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off
 insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-Business Combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors.

Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial
 Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of
 our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment
 partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in
 identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge
 than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of our initial public
 offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation
 gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial Business Combination in
 conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in
 successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain
 circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. For more information, see the risk factor entitled If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the
 trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us
 to operate for the 21 months following the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial Business
 Combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial Business Combination.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 66,000 in cash available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds
 available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate until August 23, 2023; however, we cannot assure you
 that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to
 us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from
 shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered
 into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue
 searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business.

38 

Table of Contents 

If we are required to seek additional capital to cover our working capital needs, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or
 other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside
 the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option
 of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our
 management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the
 required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.20 per public share, or
 possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. For more information, see the risk factor entitled If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the
 trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.20 per public share and other risk factors herein.

We may seek Business Combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us
 from achieving our desired results.

We may seek Business Combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such
 improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the Business Combination may not be as successful as we anticipate.

To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks
 inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its
 operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our Business Combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to
 implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and
 complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization.

Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares.

If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following
 the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our
 directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to
 addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share
 premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands.

39 

Table of Contents 

We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination.

In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our
 listing on NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and
 to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general
 meeting) serving a three-year term.

We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise.

We will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a Business Combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers
 an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular Business Combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the
 significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to our investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. In
 the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas
 of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any
 holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to
 consummate an initial Business Combination.

The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be
 entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination) at the time of our initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of
 Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public
 offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the
 consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial
 Business Combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A
 ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding
 prior to the initial Business Combination.

40 

Table of Contents 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial Business
 Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in
 an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial
 majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business
 Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, entered into privately-negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for
 all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceeds the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not
 complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination.

In order to effectuate an initial Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other
 governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to
 complete our initial Business Combination that our shareholders may not support.

In order to effectuate a Business Combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their
 warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of Business Combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended
 their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of
 Cayman Islands law, meaning the approval of a majority of at least two-thirds of the holders of our ordinary shares who, being entitled to do so, attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement requires a vote
 of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of
 the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an
 amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with
 our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other
 provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities issued in our initial public offering, we would register, or
 seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities.

Our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that
 you do not support.

41 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor owns, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, it may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder
 vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares or units in the aftermarket or in
 privately-negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making
 such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated
 memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have it approved. In addition, our board of directors, whose
 members were elected by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to
 appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as
 a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary
 shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial Business Combination.

After our initial Business Combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will
 be located outside the United States; therefore investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights.

It is possible that after our initial Business Combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located
 outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce
 judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws.

You are not entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies.

Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial Business Combination with a target
 business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we will have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of our initial public offering
 and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such
 as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable after our initial public offering and we will have a longer period of time to complete
 our initial Business Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if our initial public offering had been subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless
 and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial Business Combination.

Subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other
 charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment.

Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular
 target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we
 may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may
 arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this
 nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a
 target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders
 are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

42 

Table of Contents 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may
 be less than 10.20 per public share.

Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers (except our
 independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust
 account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to,
 fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
 held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an
 agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative.

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or
 skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no
 guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon
 redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our
 initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by
 public shareholders could be less than the 10.20 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement that was executed in connection with our initial public offering, our sponsor
 has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have
 discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the
 trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a
 third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the Underwriter of our initial public offering against certain
 liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
 claims.

However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its
 indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made
 against the trust account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.20 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would
 receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target
 businesses.

43 

Table of Contents 

Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account
 available for distribution to our public shareholders.

In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account
 as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.20 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts
 that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
 obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their
 business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for
 distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per public share.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or
 winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors,
 thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages.

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
 is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result,
 a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith,
 thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or
 winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in
 connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
 is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with
 priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced.

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to
 pursue our initial Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations.

44 

Table of Contents 

We may pursue Business Combination opportunities in any sector, except that we are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate
 our initial Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a Business Combination, there is no basis
 to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we may be affected by
 numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the
 business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or
 assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks
 will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination
 target. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our
 initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general
 criteria and guidelines.

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial
 Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a
 business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise
 their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is
 required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination if the
 target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in
 certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent
 source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view.

Unless we complete our initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
 independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of
 directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial
 Business Combination.

We may engage the Underwriter of our initial public offering, LionTree Advisors, or one of their respective affiliates, to provide additional services to us, which
 may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial Business Combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The Underwriter of our initial public offering is entitled to receive deferred
 commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial Business Combination. LionTree Advisors will receive part of its fee for acting as our financial advisor in connection with our initial public offering upon the
 closing of our initial Business Combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation
 of an initial Business Combination.

45 

Table of Contents 

We may engage the Underwriter in our initial public offering, LionTree Advisors, or one of their respective affiliates, to provide additional services to us, including, for example,
 identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the Underwriter, LionTree Advisors or any of their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or
 other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the Underwriter, LionTree Advisors or their respective affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such
 services will be paid to the Underwriter, LionTree Advisors or their respective affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from the date of the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering, unless such payment would not be deemed
 underwriter s compensation in connection with our initial public offering. Further, the Underwriter is entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial Business Combination and part of the fee of LionTree
 Advisors for acting as our financial advisor in connection with our initial public offering will be payable upon the closing of an initial Business Combination. The fact that the underwriter s, LionTree Advisor s or their respective affiliates 
 financial interests are tied to the consummation of a Business Combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the
 sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination.

Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or
 merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
 liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments
 will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction
 likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will
 result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required
 time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a Business Combination, require substantial financial and
 management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large
 accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
 reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes- Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our
 initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition.

46 

Table of Contents 

The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and
 corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who
 attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to
 facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support.

Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a
 company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and
 restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of our initial public offering and the private placement
 of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning holders of at
 least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at
 least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial Business Combination may only be amended by a
 special resolution passed either (a) unanimously in writing by all the holders of our Class B ordinary shares or (b) by holders representing at least two-thirds of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general
 meeting. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association which govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue
 remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.

Our sponsor, executive officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles
 of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our
 public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A
 ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the
 trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or
 third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers or director for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our
 shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law.

Our letter agreement with our initial shareholders may be amended without shareholder approval.

Our letter agreement with our initial shareholders contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the
 trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction not to transfer
 the founder shares for 180 days following the date of the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering, or May 17, 2022, will require the prior written consent of the Underwriter). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment
 to the letter agreement prior to our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such
 amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities.

47 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could
 compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or
 less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless.

Although we believe that the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial Business
 Combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement
 warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial Business Combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from
 shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or
 to abandon the proposed Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the
 extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative
 target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial Business Combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.20 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the
 liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the
 target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us
 in connection with or after our initial Business Combination.

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial Business Combination with a target business whose
 management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company.

When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be
 limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected.
 Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders
 who choose to retain their securities following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value.

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and
 financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us.

Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following our initial public
 offering, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial Business Combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or
 claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative
 effects, including:

48 

Table of Contents 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations;

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or
 reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant;

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand;

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding;

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares;

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures,
 acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate;

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to
 our competitors who have less debt.

We may only be able to complete one Business Combination with the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which
 will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability.

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 66,000 in operating cash available and approximately 800,000 of remaining availability under a sponsor loan commitment in order to
 consummate an initial Business Combination and 9,660,000 of deferred underwriting fees.

We may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be
 able to effectuate our initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with
 the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification
 may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the
 resources to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry.

49 

Table of Contents 

Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be:

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services.

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular
 industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination.

We may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial Business
 Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability.

If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is
 contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face
 additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and
 services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations.

We may attempt to complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business
 Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all.

In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about
 private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as
 we suspected, if at all.

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business
 Combination with some prospective target businesses.

The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a Business Combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro
 forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements
 may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting
 Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These
 financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and
 complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame.

If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, our public
 shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 21 months before redemption from our trust account.

50 

Table of Contents 

If we have not consummated an initial Business Combination by August 23, 2023, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the
 trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any
 redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the
 trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case,
 investors may be forced to wait beyond August 23, 2023 before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation
 to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial Business Combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and
 only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial Business Combination and do
 not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial
 Business Combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and
 our activities would be severely restricted. As a result, in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination
 and instead liquidate the Company.

As described in the SEC s new SPAC Proposed Rules (see The SEC has issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain
 of the procedures that we, a Business Combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a Business Combination and may constrain the circumstances under
 which we could complete a Business Combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Proposed Rules may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. ), the SPAC
 Proposed Rules relate, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as the company could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Proposed Rules would provide a safe harbor for
 such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria, including a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction.
 Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Proposed Rules would require a company to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for a Business Combination no later than 18 months after
 the effective date of its registration statement for the Initial Public Offering (the IPO Registration Statement ). The company would then be required to complete its initial Business Combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of
 the IPO Registration Statement.

If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to burdensome compliance
 requirements. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to regulation as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation
 under the Investment Company Act, we would be subject to additional regulatory burdens and expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company,
 we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead liquidate the company. Were we to liquidate, our shareholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including
 any potential price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares. As described below, we may implement measures to mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act (see To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold
 the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust
 Account, we would likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive in connection with any redemption or liquidation of the company ).

51 

Table of Contents 

To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the
 investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result,
 following the liquidation of investments in the Trust Account, we would likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive in connection with any
 redemption or liquidation of the company.

The funds in the Trust Account have, since our Initial Public Offering, been held in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds
 investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the
 subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee with respect to the Trust Account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations
 or money market funds held in the Trust Account and thereafter to maintain the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of the consummation of our initial Business Combination and
 liquidation of the company. Interest on such deposit account is currently approximately 2.5 3.0 per annum, but such deposit account carries a variable rate and the company cannot assure you that such rate will not decrease or increase
 significantly. Following such liquidation, we will likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account.

However, interest previously earned on the funds held in the Trust Account still may be released to us to pay our taxes or certain of our dissolution expenses. As a result, the
 decision to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and thereafter to hold all funds in the Trust Account in cash an interest-bearing demand deposit account is likely to reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders could receive in
 connection with any redemption or liquidation of the company.

In addition, even prior to the 24-month anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company. For more information see If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we would be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted. As a result,
 in such circumstances, unless we are able to modify our activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company, we may abandon our efforts to complete an initial Business Combination and instead liquidate the Company. The longer
 that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, the greater the risk that we may be considered
 an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate the company.

Risks Relating to our Securities

The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available
 for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.20 per share.

52 

Table of Contents 

The net proceeds of our initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 281,520,000 are held in an interest-bearing
 trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While
 short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open
 Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay
 our taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest
 income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 281,520,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.20 per share.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group 
 of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer
 rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
 under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent.

However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to
 redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you
 will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would
 be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to
 additional trading restrictions.

We have been approved to list our units, our Class A ordinary shares and warrants on NYSE. Although we met the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NYSE listing
 standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial Business
 Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public
 holders).

Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial Business Combination and, in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to
 demonstrate compliance with the NYSE initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE.

For instance, in order for our shares to be listed upon the consummation of our Business Combination, at such time our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per
 share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 150.0 million, the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 40.0 million and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot
 shareholder and 1.1 million publicly held shares. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time.

53 

Table of Contents 

If the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities
 could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including:

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities;

reduced liquidity for our securities;

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of
 trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities;

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future.

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred
 to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and eventually our Class A ordinary shares and warrants will be listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute.
 Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states
 can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain
 state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the
 NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities.

We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after
 completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution
 provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B
 ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are 451,400,000 and 13,100,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for
 issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into
 Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination) at
 the time of our initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding.

54 

Table of Contents 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after
 completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants as described in Exhibit 4.5 under Warrants - Public Shareholders Warrants 
 or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii)
 vote on any initial Business Combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares:

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a
 greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares;

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares;

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result
 in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors;

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us;

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants.

Holders of Class A ordinary shares are not entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial Business Combination.

Prior to our initial Business Combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to
 vote on the appointment of directors during such time.

Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination.

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the
 then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all
 without your approval.

Our public warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement
 provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms
 of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in
 accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties
 deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests
 of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with
 respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our
 ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the
 warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant.

55 

Table of Contents 

We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless.

We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that
 the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants - Public Shareholders Warrants - Anti-Dilution Adjustments in Exhibit 4.5 hereto) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such
 redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable
 state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the
 exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the
 time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants.

Our management s ability to require holders of our public warrants to exercise such public warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A
 ordinary shares upon their exercise of the public warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their public warrants for cash.

If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in exhibit 4.5 to this Report, our management will have the option to require any
 holder that wishes to exercise its public warrants to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon
 exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised their public warrants for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in us.

Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial Business
 Combination.

We issued warrants to purchase 13,800,000 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of our
 initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 13,540,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if the sponsor, its
 affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans to us, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted by the lenders at their option into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00
 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our warrants.

To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a Business Combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A
 ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value
 of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business.

56 

Table of Contents 

Because each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank
 check companies.

Each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will
 trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.
 This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the
 warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we
 believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses.

Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a warrant to purchase one whole share.

A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination.

Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our
 initial Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of
 our initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to
 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices described in Exhibit 4.5 under Warrants - Public Shareholders Warrants - Redemption of warrants
 when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate
 an initial Business Combination with a target business.

The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such
 other security at this time.

In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial Business Combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A
 ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant
 agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within twenty business days of the closing of an initial Business Combination.

A market for our securities may not develop, or, if developed, it may not be sustained, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities.

The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential Business Combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19
 outbreak. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained.

57 

Table of Contents 

Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing
 to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their
 best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial Business
 Combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that
 otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that the courts of the Cayman Islands will be the exclusive forums for certain disputes
 between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for complaints against us or our directors, officers or employees.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands
 shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder s shareholding in us, including but
 not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any of our current or former director, officer or other employee to us or our
 shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act or our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal
 affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States of America) and that each shareholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes. The
 forum selection provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not apply to actions or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal
 district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States of America, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim.

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also provide that, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have, each of our shareholders
 acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly we shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of
 injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum.

This choice of forum provision may increase a shareholder s cost and limit the shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us
 or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees.

Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any of our shares or other securities, whether by transfer, sale, operation of law or otherwise, shall be deemed to have notice
 of and have irrevocably agreed and consented to these provisions. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been
 challenged in legal proceedings. It is possible that a court could find this type of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find this provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be
 inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could have adverse effect on our business and financial performance.

58 

Table of Contents 

The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may
 adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares.

Pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection with our public offering, our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand
 that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be
 issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares and the private placement warrants and the Class
 A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have
 an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Further, the market price of our Class A ordinary shares might also be adversely affected by the fact that the founder shares held by our sponsor and our directors and executive
 officers may become transferable earlier than one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share
 capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination, which represents a relatively small
 premium compared to the initial public offering price of our units of 10.00 per unit.

In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target
 business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders,
 holders of our private placement warrants or their permitted transferees are registered for resale.

Risks Relating to our Sponsor and Management Team

We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate.

Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our executive officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the
 continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and,
 accordingly, have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or
 key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers.

The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key
 personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however,
 cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management
 of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These
 individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements.

59 

Table of Contents 

We may engage LionTree, LionTree Advisors or other affiliates of our sponsor, as our financial advisor or agent on our Business Combinations and other
 transactions. Any fee in connection with such engagement may be conditioned upon the completion of such transactions. This financial interest in the completion of such transactions may influence the advice such affiliate provides.

We may engage LionTree, LionTree Advisors or another affiliate of our sponsor, as a financial advisor or other advisor or agent in connection with our initial Business Combination and
 pay such affiliate a customary financial advisory fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard financial advisory fee for comparable transactions. Pursuant to any such engagement, the affiliate may earn its fee upon closing of the initial
 Business Combination. The payment of such fee would likely be conditioned upon the completion of the initial Business Combination. Therefore, our sponsor may have additional financial interests in the completion of the initial Business Combination.
 These financial interests may influence the advice any such affiliate provides us as our financial advisor, which advice would contribute to our decision on whether to pursue a Business Combination with any particular target.

Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination, and a particular
 Business Combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts
 of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous.

Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting
 agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments
 and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial
 interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection with our initial public offering, our
 sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial Business Combination, is entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder
 rights agreement, which is described under Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Registration and Shareholder Rights. 

The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The loss of a Business Combination target s
 key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business.

The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain
 members of a target company s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in
 place.

Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time
 to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

60 

Table of Contents 

Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time
 between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is
 engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our
 independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current
 commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors other
 business affairs, please see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including
 another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented.

Until we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our sponsor, officers and directors
 are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in a similar business. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check
 company prior to completion of our initial Business Combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present Business Combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check
 company with which they may become involved. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

Our sponsor, officers and directors, LionTree, Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliares, including Thirty Five Ventures, may also become aware of business
 opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business
 opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the
 same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any
 director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

For a complete discussion of our executive officers and directors business affiliations and the potential conflicts of interest that you should be aware of, please see Item 1. Business Potential Conflicts of Interest, Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest and Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests.

We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial
 interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our
 directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons
 or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours.

61 

Table of Contents 

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business
 Combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business
 Combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, it would be a breach of their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals
 for infringing on our shareholders rights. See Exhibit 4.5 hereto for further information on the ability to bring such claims. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason.

We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with LionTree Advisors, our
 sponsor, executive officers or directors or their affiliates, which may raise potential conflicts of interest.

In light of the involvement of LionTree Advisors, our sponsor, executive officers and directors and their affiliates with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more
 businesses affiliated with LionTree Advisors, our sponsor, executive officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation, those described under Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest. LionTree Advisors might act as a financial advisor of a potential Business Combination target. Further, our sponsor, officers and directors
 may also sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. LionTree
 Advisors, our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial Business Combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions
 concerning a Business Combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated
 entity met our criteria and guidelines for a Business Combination as set forth in Item 1. Business - Effecting Our Initial Business Combination - Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial
 Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that
 commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors
 potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest.

Moreover, we may pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with our sponsor, LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman or their respective affiliates, including Thirty Five Ventures, one or
 more funds of LionTree, Thirty Five Ventures or their respective affiliates and/or investors in funds of LionTree and of members or affiliates of our sponsor group. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our
 initial Business Combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the Business Combination by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their
 interests and ours.

Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new
 management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business.

We may structure our initial Business Combination so that the post-Business Combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity
 interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
 interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-Business Combination
 company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the
 target and us in the Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a
 target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority
 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion of the company s
 shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business.

62 

Table of Contents 

Since our sponsor, executive officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed (other than with
 respect to public shares they may acquire), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination.

On April 9, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000 to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. Prior to the initial
 investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. In November 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stancey
 Bendet. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued and outstanding. On November 18, 2021, we effected a share capitalization resulting in our
 initial shareholders holding 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 13,540,000 private placement warrants, each
 exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant 13,540,000 in the aggregate), in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of our initial public
 offering. If we do not consummate an initial business within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our executive
 officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination, completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination.
 This risk may become more acute as the 21-month anniversary of the closing of our initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial Business Combination.

Since our officers and directors will share in any appreciation of the founder shares purchased at approximately 0.003 per share, a conflict of interest may arise
 in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination.

Our officers and directors who will assist us in sourcing potential acquisition targets have an interest in the founder shares as of the date hereof. These officers and directors will
 not receive any cash compensation from us prior to a Business Combination but will share in any appreciation of the founder shares, provided that we successfully complete a Business Combination. We believe that this structure aligns the incentives of
 these officers and directors with the interests of our shareholders. However, investors should be aware that, as these officers and directors have paid approximately 0.003 per share or less for the interest in the founder shares, this structure also
 creates an incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we complete a Business Combination with a target that ultimately declines in value and is not profitable for our public shareholders.

Certain of our officers and directors have or will have direct and indirect economic interests in us and/or our sponsor after the consummation of our initial
 public offering and such interests may potentially conflict with those of our public shareholders as we evaluate and decide whether to recommend a potential Business Combination to our public shareholders.

63 

Table of Contents 

Certain of our officers and directors may own membership interests in our sponsor and indirect interests in our Class B ordinary shares and private placement warrants which may result
 in interests that differ from the economic interests of our investors, which includes making a determination of whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination. There may be a
 potential conflict of interest between our officers and directors that hold membership interests in our sponsor and our public shareholders that may not be resolved in favor of our public shareholders. See Item 10.
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest. 

We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers.

We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or
 claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares).
 Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and
 directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and
 directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our
 officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

Involvement of members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations or negative
 publicity unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination.

Members of our management team and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including
 transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil
 disputes, litigation, governmental investigations and negative publicity relating to their business affairs. Any such claims, investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability
 to identify and complete an initial Business Combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities.

General Risk Factors

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss.

We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal.
 Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and
 sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against,
 or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss.

Changes in laws or regulations, including different or heightened rules or requirements promulgated by the SEC, or a failure to comply with any laws
 and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and results of operations, and may increase both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

64 

Table of Contents 

We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements.
 It is possible that we will become subject to different or heightened rules or requirements promulgated by the SEC, and we may become subject to heightened or increased scrutiny by the SEC. On December 10, 2020, the SEC s Office of Inspector
 Education and Advocacy issued an investor bulletin entitled What You Need to Know About SPACs . On December 22, 2020, the SEC s Division of Corporate Finance issued CF Disclosure Guidance: Topic No. 11
 regarding special purpose acquisition companies.

Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time. In particular, it is possible that we may become subject to different or
 heightened rules or requirements, or face increased regulatory scrutiny, by the SEC. These changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations, and we may not have launched our Company had we been
 subject to these changes in laws, regulations or increased regulatory scrutiny at the time of our initial public offering. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination and results of operations.

The SEC has issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a Business Combination target, or others
 may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our costs and the time needed to complete a Business Combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete a Business Combination. The need for
 compliance with the SPAC Proposed Rules may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose.

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued the SPAC Proposed Rules relating, among other items, to disclosures in business combination transactions between special purpose acquisition
 companies SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the condensed financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business
 combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that
 would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The SPAC Proposed Rules have not yet been adopted, and may
 be adopted in the proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional regulatory requirements on SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a Business Combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC
 Proposed Rules, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Proposed Rules, may increase the costs of negotiating and completing a Business Combination and the time required to consummate a transaction, and may constrain the circumstances
 under which we could complete a Business Combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Proposed Rules may cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold
 the funds in the Trust Account in cash in an interest-bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of an initial Business Combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments in the Trust
 Account, we would likely receive minimal interest on the funds held in the Trust Account, which would reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive in connection with any redemption or liquidation of the company. ). Were we
 to liquidate, our shareholders would lose the investment opportunity associated with an investment in the combined company, including any potential price appreciation of our ordinary shares.

We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from
 disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies.

65 

Table of Contents 

We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting
 requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act,
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden
 parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose
 that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following
 December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading
 prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile.

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies
 (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The
 JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of
 such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private
 companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended
 transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used.

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
 obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by
 non-affiliates equals or exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year or the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible.

Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York
 as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company.

Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement,
 including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which
 jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum.

66 

Table of Contents 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim
 for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented
 to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States
 District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State
 of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant
 holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder.

This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage
 such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with
 resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights
 through the U.S. federal courts may be limited.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon
 our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers.

Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time)
 and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of
 our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well
 as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law
 are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states,
 such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States.

We have been advised by Ogier (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of
 courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon
 the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the
 Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a
 judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must
 be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be
 of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement
 proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

67 

Table of Contents 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of
 directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company.

Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, upon the listing of our shares on NYSE, NYSE may consider us to be
 a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements.

Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the
 NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with
 certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that:

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of NYSE;

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities.

We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors.

If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a beneficial owner of our ordinary shares who or that is a United States person (as such term is
 defined in the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), such United States person may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for any taxable year will not
 be determinable until after the end of any taxable year. Because we are a blank check company with no active business, it is likely we were a PFIC for the taxable year ending on December 31, 2022 and will likely be a PFIC for our current taxable
 year. If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to
 enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases.
 We urge U.S. Holders to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our securities.

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on
 shareholders and warrant holders.

We may, in connection with our initial Business Combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the
 target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its
 members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with
 respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation.

68 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries

If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in
 connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial Business Combination, and if we effect such initial Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations.

If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with
 cross-border Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local
 governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates.

If we effect our initial Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international
 setting, including any of the following:

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations;

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption;

complex withholding tax regimes with respect to payment from a corporation to individuals;

laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected;

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements;

tariffs and trade barriers;

regulations related to customs and import/export matters;

local or regional economic policies and market conditions;

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements;

longer payment cycles;

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States;

currency fluctuations and exchange controls;

rates of inflation;

challenges in collecting accounts receivable;

cultural and language differences;

employment regulations;

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems;

corruption;

69 

Table of Contents 

protection of intellectual property;

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances;

regime changes and political upheaval;

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including the military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022; and

deterioration of political relations with the United States.

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial Business Combination, or, if we complete such
 combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

If our management following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming
 familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues.

Following our initial Business Combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the
 time of the Business Combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and
 resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations.

After our initial Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived
 from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the
 country in which we operate.

The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be
 uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand
 for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we
 effect our initial Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable.

Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished.

In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if
 any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the
 relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial Business Combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a
 currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such
 transaction.

70 

Table of Contents 

We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our
 future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights.

In connection with our initial Business Combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this,
 the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States.
 The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital.

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments

None.

Item 2. 

Properties

We currently maintain our executive offices at 745 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10151. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we
 pay to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations.

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings

To the knowledge of our management, there is no litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of
 our property.

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures

Not applicable.

71 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 

Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

(a) 

Market Information

Our units, Class A ordinary and warrants are each traded on the NYSE under the symbols NFNT.U, NFNT and NFNT WS, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 19,
 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on January 10, 2022.

(b) 

Holders

As of the date of this Report, we had one holder of record for our units, one holder of record for our Class A ordinary shares, five holders of record for our Class B ordinary shares
 and two holders of record for our warrants.

(c) 

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of
 cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to
 our initial Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a Business Combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive
 covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

(d) 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

None

(e) 

Performance Graph

Not applicable.

(f) 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings.

Unregistered Sales

On April 9, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par
 value 0.0001. In November 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our four independent directors and we effected a share capitalization resulting in our initial shareholders holding 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares.
 Such securities were issued in connection with our organization pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. Our sponsor is an accredited investor for purposes of Rule 501 of Regulation D.

Simultaneously with the consummation of our initial public offering and the exercise of the over-allotment option by the Underwriter in full, our sponsor purchased 13,540,000 private
 placement warrants, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. This issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in
 Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and no underwriting discounts or commissions were paid with respect to such sale.

72 

Table of Contents 

Use of Proceeds

In connection with our initial public offering, our sponsor had agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 pursuant to a note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing
 and payable on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the consummation of the initial public offering. On November 24, 2021, the Note was fully repaid.

Of the gross proceeds received from the initial public offering, the full exercise of the option to purchase additional ordinary shares and the private placement warrants,
 281,520,000 was placed in the trust account. The net proceeds of the initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are invested in U.S. government treasury bills with a maturity of 180 days or less and
 in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.

We incurred offering costs of approximately 16.0 million (net of reimbursement of approximately 2.2 million from the Underwriter), of which approximately 9.7 million was for
 deferred underwriting commissions.

(g) 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers

None.

Item 6. 

Reserved

Not applicable.

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

Overview

We are a blank check company incorporated on March 29, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
 purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We are an emerging growth company and, as such, we are subject to all of the risks associated with emerging growth
 companies.

Our sponsor is Infinite Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor ). The registration statement for our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on November 18, 2021. On November 23, 2021, we consummated our Initial Public Offering of 27,600,000 units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ),
 including the issuance of 3,600,000 Units as a result of the Underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 276.0 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 16.0 million, of
 which approximately 9.7 million was for deferred underwriting commissions.

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 13,540,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant 
 and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 13.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 23,000.

Upon the closing of Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, approximately 281.5 million 10.20 per Unit) of net proceeds, including the net proceeds of the Initial Public
 Offering and certain of a portion of the proceeds of the Private Placement, was placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S.
 government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account.

73 

Table of Contents 

Our management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although
 substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. Our initial Business Combination must
 be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable, if any, on the interest earned on the Trust
 Account) at the time we sign a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, we will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of
 the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

If we are unable to complete a Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or August 23, 2023 (the Combination Period ), we will (1) cease
 all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
 in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less
 up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
 liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our
 obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail
 to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period.

Liquidity and Going Concern

As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 66,000 in our operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately 333,000 inclusive of a note payable to our Sponsor.

Prior to the completion of the Initial Public Offering and Private Placement, our liquidity needs were satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from Sponsor to cover for certain
 expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Founder Shares ), and a loan of approximately 269,000 from the Sponsor pursuant to a promissory note originally issued on April 9, 2021 (the
 Note ). We repaid the Note in full on November 24, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the certain proceeds from the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In
 addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us loans in order to finance
 transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination Working Capital Loans ). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans.

In February 2022, our Sponsor committed to provide us an aggregate of up to 900,000 in loans in order to finance our working capital needs (including transaction costs in connection
 with a Business Combination) (the Sponsor Loan Commitment ), and the Sponsor increased the principal amount of the Sponsor Loan Commitment to 1.2 million as of June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 400,000 and 0 of advances
 drawn under the Sponsor Loan Commitment, respectively.

74 

Table of Contents 

In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
 Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the working capital deficit, as well as the mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management
 intends to complete a Business Combination prior to the mandatory liquidation date. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after August 23, 2023. The financial statements do
 not include any adjustment that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern.

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect
 on our financial position, results of our operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements included in this Report. The financial statements included in this
 Report do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of this action, various nations, including the United States,
 have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy are not determinable as of the date of this Report. Further, the specific impact of this action on our
 financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows is also not determinable as of the date of this Report.

Results of Operations

Our entire activity since inception up to December 31, 2022, was in preparation for our formation and the Initial Public Offering, and since the completion of the Initial Public
 Offering, the search for Business Combination candidates. We will not be generating any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial Business Combination.

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of approximately 2.4 million, which consisted of approximately 4.1 million net income on the investments held in the Trust
 Account, partially offset by approximately 1.2 million in general and administrative expenses and related party administrative fees of approximately 453,000.

For the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of approximately 381,000, which consisted of approximately 226,000 in general and
 administrative expenses and related party administrative fees of approximately 158,000, partially offset by approximately 3,000 of net income on the investments held in the Trust Account.

Related Party Transactions

Founder Shares

On April 9, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000 to cover for certain offering costs on behalf of us in exchange for issuance of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per
 share. On November 2, 2021, the Sponsor transferred 25,000 Founder Shares to each of our board of directors (the holders of our Founder Shares, the initial shareholders ). On November 18, 2021, we effected a share capitalization resulting in an
 aggregate of 6,900,000 Founder Shares outstanding. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 900,000 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the Underwriter, so that the Founder Shares would represent 20 of
 our issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On November 23, 2021, the Underwriter exercised the over-allotment option in full; thus, these 900,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.

The initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the
 completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, capitalization of
 shares, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, and (B) the date
 following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares
 for cash, securities or other property.

75 

Table of Contents 

Private Placement Warrants

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the Private Placement of 13,540,000 Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per Private
 Placement Warrant, to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately 13.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 23,000.

Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
 Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If we do not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement
 Warrants are non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis.

The Sponsor and the officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the
 completion of the initial Business Combination.

Related Party Loans

On April 9, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan us an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant the Note. This loan was non-interest
 bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. We borrowed approximately 269,000 under the Note and repaid in full on November 24, 2021.

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors may,
 but are not obligated to, loan us the Working Capital Loans. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not
 close, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid
 upon consummation of a Business Combination or, at the lender s discretion, without interest, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant.
 The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022
 and 2021, we had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

In February 2022, the Sponsor committed to provide the Company an aggregate of up to 900,000 in loans in order to finance the Company s working capital needs (including transaction
 costs in connection with a Business Combination), and the Sponsor increased the principal amount of the Sponsor Loan Commitment to 1.2 million as of June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 400,000 and 0 of advances drawn under
 Sponsor Loan Commitment, respectively.

Administrative Services Agreement

On November 23, 2021, we entered into an agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which we agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and
 administrative services provided to us until the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we incurred 120,000
 and approximately 13,000, respectively, in expense for these services, which was included with general and administrative expenses related party on the accompanying statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately 132,000
 and 13,000, respectively, were payable for these services and included in accounts payable-related party as reflected in the accompanying balance sheets.

76 

Table of Contents 

We may pay the Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, a consulting fee or other compensation in connection with
 identifying, investigating and completing an initial Business Combination. The Sponsor, or any of our existing executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, including LionTree Advisors LLC LionTree Advisors and LionTree
 LLC LionTree ), and other entities affiliated with LionTree, will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on
 suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, officers, directors of us or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be
 reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on behalf of us. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception)
 through December 31, 2021, we recorded approximately 333,000 and 145,000 in expenses in connection with consulting and compliance services with a related party, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was approximately 0 and 31,000,
 respectively, payable for such services included in accounts payable-related party on the accompanying balance sheets.

Financial Advisory Fees

In addition, LionTree Advisors was acting as our independent financial advisor as defined under FINRA Rule 5110(j)(9) to provide independent financial consulting services, consisting
 of a review of deal structure and terms and related structuring advice in connection with the Initial Public Offering. LionTree Advisors was entitled to receive a fee of approximately 2.2 million, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
 Offering. In addition, LionTree Advisors will receive approximately 3.9 million, which will be payable at the closing of the initial Business Combination.

The Underwriter has agreed and reimbursed us approximately 2.2 million for such fees at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. And the Underwriter has also agreed to reimburse
 us for approximately 3.9 million upon the completion of the initial Business Combination.

Commitments and Contractual Obligations

Registration and Shareholder Rights

The holders of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon
 conversion of the Working Capital Loans) were entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. These holders were entitled to certain demands and
 piggyback registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements.

Underwriting Agreement

The Underwriter was entitled to an underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or approximately 5.5 million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. An
 additional fee of 0.35 per unit, or approximately 9.7 million in the aggregate will be payable to the Underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the Underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust
 Account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

77 

Table of Contents 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption

We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary
 shares subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable Class A ordinary shares (including Class A ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either
 within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, Class A ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity.
 Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, 27,600,000 Class A ordinary shares
 subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of our balance sheets.

Under ASC 480-10S99, we have elected to recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of the security to equal the redemption value
 at the end of each reporting period. This method would view the end of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Immediately upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we recognized the remeasurement from
 initial book value to redemption amount value. The change in the carrying value of the redeemable Class A ordinary shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in capital (to the extent available) and accumulated deficit. Subsequently, the
 Company recognized changes in the redemption value as reflected on the statements of changes in shareholders deficit.

Net Income (Loss) per Ordinary Share

We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and
 Class B ordinary shares. Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income (loss) per ordinary share is calculated by dividing the net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding for
 the respective period.

The calculation of diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering and the Private
 Placement Warrants to purchase 27,340,000 Class A ordinary shares because their exercise is contingent upon future events and inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary
 shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

Our management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards updates, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying
 financial statements.

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements

As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K.

JOBS Act

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We
 qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new
 or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, the financial
 statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates.

78 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
 in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant
 to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
 the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation
 related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our
 Initial Public Offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier.

Item 7A. 

Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item.

Item 8. 

Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

Reference is made to Pages F-1 through F-13 included at the end of this Report.

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure

None.

Item 9A. 

Controls And Procedures

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this
 Report, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
 management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management evaluated, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal
 financial and accounting officer (our Certifying Officers ), the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers
 concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

We do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
 operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met. Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints,
 and the benefits must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all
 our control deficiencies and instances of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in
 achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions.

79 

Table of Contents 

Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting

As required by SEC rules and regulations implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
 internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial
 statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that:

(1) 

pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company,

(2) 

provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in
 accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and

(3) 

provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. Also, projections of any
 evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the
 effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making these assessments, management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal
 Control - Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective as of December 31, 2022.

This Report does not include an attestation report regarding our system of internal controls over financial reporting from our independent registered public
 accounting firm due to our status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act.

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
 quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B. 

Other Information

None.

Item 9C. 

Disclosures Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections.

Not Applicable. 

80 

Table of Contents 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Directors and Executive Officers

As of the date of this Report, our directors and officers are as follows:

Name

Age

Position

Kevin Durant

34

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

Rich Kleiman

46

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

David Farber

35

Chief Financial Officer

Alexander Michael

44

Chief Development Officer

Aryeh B. Bourkoff

50

Chairman

Anr Williams

57

Director

Sam Lessin

39

Director

Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm)

36

Director

Stacey Bendet

47

Director

Kevin Durant

Kevin Durant, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors since July 2021, is a global force as an NBA superstar, businessman, and philanthropist. A
 13-year NBA veteran and forward for the Phoenix Suns, he is a 2x NBA Champion and Finals MVP and has won an NBA MVP Award, four NBA scoring titles, three Olympic gold medals, two NBA All-Star Game MVP Awards, and an NBA Rookie of the Year Award. He
 is also a thirteen-time NBA All-Star.

In 2016, Mr. Durant co-founded Thirty Five Ventures alongside entrepreneur Rich Kleiman. Through Thirty Five Ventures, Mr. Durant has become a well-respected investor and
 businessman, with a diverse portfolio of over 70 venture investments across a variety of industries including sports technology, media, gaming, health/wellness, and collectibles. Mr. Durant and Mr. Kleiman lead an experienced and established team
 to grow Thirty Five Ventures various business initiatives, including the Boardroom sports media platform.

In 2013, Mr. Durant launched The Kevin Durant Charity Foundation KDCF ). KDCF s signature programs include Build It and They Will Ball - a global basketball court renovation
 project with 22 courts completed to date - and The Durant Center, a 10-year, 10 million dollar program in partnership with Laurene Powell Jobs College Track that helps low-income and underserved students enroll in and graduate from college. Mr.
 Durant was the 2018 recipient of the season long NBA Cares Community Assist and ESPN Muhammad Ali Sports Humanitarian awards and is committed to enriching the lives of at-risk youth from low-income backgrounds through educational, athletic and
 social programs.

We believe that Mr. Durant s broad investment experience make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

Rich Kleiman

Rich Kleiman, our Co-Chief Executive Officer and member of our board of directors since July 2021, is an entrepreneur and co-founder of Thirty Five Ventures where he has served
 as a director and President since March 2017. Mr. Kleiman has partnered with Mr. Durant on over 100 early stage, venture-backed investments across multiple industries and driven the launch of several new business initiatives at Thirty Five Ventures
 including the sports business media platform, Boardroom . He brings to Infinite Acquisition Corp. deep relationships across the sports, media and technology landscape and many years of experience working
 with the biggest brands and most cutting-edge companies across those industries. Prior to forming Thirty Five Ventures, Mr. Kleiman helped launch Roc Nation Sports, where he served as Vice President of the agency founded by Jay-Z from 2008 to 2016.
 Mr. Kleiman started with Roc Nation in 2008 as a music manager representing Mark Ronson, Solange, Wale, and many others. Before joining Roc Nation, he and Ronson founded and co-owned the independent label Allido Records, was executive producer of
 the documentary Fade to Black and served as music supervisor for myriad film and television projects. Mr. Kleiman has served as the Executive Director of the Kevin Durant Charity Foundation since 2015 and
 has been one of the directors at New Heights Youth, Inc. since 2016, a non-profit dedicated to sports-based youth development and education in New York City.

81 

Table of Contents 

We believe that Mr. Kleiman s broad investment experience make him well qualified to serve on our board of directors.

David Farber

Mr. Farber, our Chief Financial Officer since August 2022, is an accomplished executive, with experience across financial advisory and asset management spaces. He currently
 serves as the Finance Director at Liontree LLC, LionTree Investments Management LLC and their affiliated entities. He has been with LionTree since January 2018. In this role, Mr. Farber leads the firm on financial matters related to all aspects of
 LionTree s business. Prior to LionTree, Mr. Farber worked at Avenue Capital Group, focusing on domestic and international fund structuring and compliance. He began his career at Ernst Young LLP where he consulted high-profile clients
 including Goldman Sachs Group Inc. and The Tudor Group Inc. Mr. Farber is a CPA in the State of New York and holds a degree in accounting as well as an MBA in Finance from Binghamton University.

Alexander Michael

Alexander Michael, our Chief Development Officer since July 2021, is Co-Head of LionTree Growth since August 2015, the division of LionTree focused on advising emerging
 companies transforming the digital economy. Prior to LionTree, Mr. Michael managed the Entertainment and National Sales divisions for LivingSocial from August 2011 to August 2015, a venture-backed social e-commerce company sold to Groupon. Before
 joining LivingSocial, Mr. Michael was the Vice President of Business Development at Madison Square Garden MSG from April 2009 to August 2011. Prior to MSG, Mr. Michael was the Director of Business Development at Ticketmaster from June 2006 to
 April 2009. Mr. Michael earned his MBA from Harvard Business School and holds a B.A. in American History from Brown University.

Aryeh B. Bourkoff

Aryeh B. Bourkoff, the Chairman of our board of directors since July 2021, is the Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of LionTree LLC since June 2012, a global
 investment and merchant banking firm, with a focus on creative industries in media, tech, sports, consumer, and the evolving digital economy. With over twenty-five years of experience, Mr. Bourkoff oversees LionTree coverage of select impactful
 relationships within the Advisory franchise around the globe including corporations, family offices, sovereigns, institutions, and individuals alike. He is also the head of the firm s Merchant Banking and Asset Management platform and manages all
 capital allocation decision making.

Since November 2021, Mr. Bourkoff also serves as a director of College Parent Holdings GP, LLC, which oversees the operations and management of the Yahoo organization. LionTree
 is also a partner in the MUSIC joint venture since August 2019, advising and investing in music and expanded audio trends as well as Griffin Gaming since June 2020, a venture fund which invests in the global growth of gaming.

Prior to founding LionTree, Mr. Bourkoff served as Vice Chairman beginning in 2011 and Head of Americas Investment Banking at UBS and on the UBS Investment Banking Executive
 Committee. During his 13-year tenure at UBS, Aryeh held a number of senior positions including Joint Global Head of Telecom, Media and Technology Investment Banking; and Head of the Media and Communications Research Group. He also serves on the
 board of Carnegie Hall since February 2019, the Royal Academy of Arts since April 2019, and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations since June 2013. Mr. Bourkoff holds a B.A. in Economics from the University of California at San Diego.

We believe that Mr. Bourkoff s broad investment experience make him well qualified to serve as the Chairman of our board of directors.

82 

Table of Contents 

Anr Williams

Anr Williams has served on our board of directors since November 2021. Mr. Williams is Chief Executive Officer of American Express National Bank AENB and Group President,
 Enterprise Services, a role he assumed in April 2021. As Chief Executive Officer of AENB, Mr. Williams oversees all aspects of American Express U.S. banking operation, which is responsible for approximately 60 percent of the company s total
 billings and revenues. In addition, as Group President of Enterprise Services, Mr. Williams leads American Express largest shared services organizations that support the entire company globally, including its technology, digital capabilities,
 customer servicing, consumer travel, real estate, purchasing and enterprise transformation functions. The organizations he oversees comprise approximately two-thirds of the company s total workforce.

Previously, Mr. Williams was Group President of American Express Global Merchant Network Services GMNS organization responsible for managing relationships with the
 millions of merchants around the world that accept American Express Cards, as well as the company s payments network, bank partnerships, international loyalty coalition programs, and relationships with its largest strategic partners. Mr. Williams
 began his career at American Express in 1990 as a marketing manager in the Consumer Card division and then served for several years in the Small Business Services group, where he led new product development and advertising. In 1999, Mr. Williams
 joined the company s Corporate Payments organization as a divisional vice president and was named President, Global Corporate Payments in 2007, responsible for marketing American Express commercial payment products to mid-size and large companies
 around the world. Mr. Williams was appointed President of Global Merchant Services in November 2011 and was named Group President, GMNS and a member of the company s Executive Committee in February 2018.

Anr serves on the Board of Illinois Tool Works Inc. He is also a member of the Board of Advisors of The Wharton School and the USA Track Field Foundation Board. He
 earned his BA from Stanford University and his MBA from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.

We believe that Mr. Williams executive experience make him well qualified to serve as a director on our board of directors.

Sam Lessin

Sam Lessin has served on our board of directors since November 2021. Since April 2015, Mr. Lessin is a General Partner at Slow Ventures, a seed focused venture capital firm he
 co-founded. Mr. Lessin was formerly a Vice President of Product Management at Facebook where he worked from 2010 to 2014 and managed the product, engineering, and design teams for many products, including user profiles and privacy. Mr. Lessin has
 founded two companies, Drop.io (a file-sharing platform acquired by Facebook in October of 2010) and Fin (an analytics platform that helps knowledge work teams improve productivity).

Mr. Lessin started his career at Bain and Company, and graduated Magna Cum Laude and Phi Beta Kappa with an AB in Social Studies from Harvard College. Mr. Lessin writes a
 column for The Information on technology and economics.

We believe that Mr. Lessin s broad investment experience make him well qualified to serve as a director on our board of directors.

83 

Table of Contents 

Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm)

Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) has served on our board of directors since November 2021. Since May 2021, Ms. Seebohm is the Chief Executive Officer of Brilliant Minds
 Foundation. This marks her second Chief Executive Officer role under the age of 35. Brilliant Minds Foundation was founded in 2015 by Spotify founder and Chief Executive Officer, Daniel Ek and today comprises of an esteemed and established board
 consisting of the biggest business leaders and entrepreneurs across Sweden. The Foundation has brought together some of the world s most influential thought leaders at the intersection of humanity and technology, with past speakers including
 President Barack Obama, co-founder of Snap Inc. Evan Spiegel, activist and supermodel Naomi Campbell and lifestyle expert and actress Gwyneth Paltrow.

Prior to her current role, Ms. Seebohm was the Group Chief Executive Officer of Quintessentially from February 2018 to April 2021. As the first female and millennial to hold
 the Group Chief Executive Officer role, Ms. Seebohm was responsible for the strategy and day-to-day operations of Quintessentially, the world s leading lifestyle group. Her remit involved leading a team of over 1,000 employees across 50 cities. Ms.
 Seebohm spearheaded Quintessentially s global growth, navigated a hospitality business through the pandemic and led the group through a significant restructure. During her tenure from 2016 to 2021, annual revenues exceeded 100 million. Ms. Seebohm
 has an acute understanding of today s new era of connection - the evolving values and desires of society and brands with the importance of meaningful experiences and authentic human connections. Her business philosophies are rooted in impact
 leadership and she is passionate about using her platform to create a global community of individuals who can create change through their influence.

Ms. Seebohm has been profiled in publications such as Forbes, Vanity Fair, Bloomberg, The CEO Magazine and Harvard Business Review, amongst others, and British GQ listed Ms.
 Seebohm as one of the Top 50 Most Influential People in the UK. An authority on international business, Ms. Seebohm is a renowned figure on the speaker circuit and is frequently asked to contribute at high profile events such as Web Summit and FT
 conferences. Ms. Seebohm holds a BA in International Business Management from Cardiff University.

We believe that Ms. Seebohm s broad executive experience make her well qualified to serve as a director on our board of directors.

Stacey Bendet

Stacey Bendet has served on our board of directors since November 2021. Since 2002, Ms. Bendet is the Chief Executive Officer and Creative Director of Alice + Olivia a
 contemporary fashion brand based in New York City. She is also the Founder of Creatively since May 2020, a networking platform for the creative industry, and co-founder of the #ShareTheMicNow movement since 2020, which was created to help amplify
 black women s voices.

New York native Ms. Bendet founded Alice + Olivia in 2002 with the quest to create the perfect pair of pants. The brand was an immediate success, and shortly after its launch,
 Theory founder Andrew Rosen joined as a partner. Since then, the company has grown into a full contemporary lifestyle brand, including ready-to-wear, gowns, shoes, handbags, accessories, and eyewear, all while empowering women with the company run
 by women, for women.

In 2020, Ms. Bendet cofounded Creatively, a networking platform to help people in creative industries connect and find job opportunities. Creatively champions and connects the
 world s creative community through best-in-class portfolios, collaborative features, and opportunities in a world where remote work will be more part of our lives than ever before. Most importantly, it is designed by creatives, for creatives, to be
 a place to showcase work and connect authentically, and for companies and brands to discover amazing talent.

Full-time Chief Executive Officer and Creative Director, Ms. Bendet is also a wife and mother of three daughters who makes supporting charity endeavors a priority in her
 personal and professional activities. She is a member of the board of trustees of New York-based GOOD+ Foundation, a foundation that provides essentials for children of families in need, she supports Ronald McDonald House, which aids the families
 of children suffering from life-threatening illnesses, and she is also a member of the board of the Jay H. Baker Retailing Center of The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Ms. Bendet holds a BA in French and International Relations
 from the University of Pennsylvania.

We believe that Ms. Bendet s broad executive experience make her well qualified to serve as a director on our board of directors.

84 

Table of Contents 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors

Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed
 prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our
 listing on NYSE. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Anr Williams and Sam Lessin, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Annastasia Skilakos
 (Seebohm) and Stacey Bendet, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Kevin Durant, Rich Kleiman and Aryeh B. Bourkoff, will expire at our third annual general meeting.

Prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder
 shares.

Pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement entered into in connection with our initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an
 initial Business Combination, are entitled to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is
 authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may
 consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, chief development officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors.

Director Independence

NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Aryeh B. Bourkoff, Anr Williams, Sam
 Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stacey Bendet are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards.

Committees of the Board of Directors

Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee.

Audit Committee

We established an audit committee of the board of directors. Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stacey Bendet serve on our audit committee. Our board
 of directors has determined that Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stacey Bendet are independent under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Sam Lessin serves as the chairman of the audit committee.

Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially
 literate and our board of directors has determined that Sam Lessin qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules.

85 

Table of Contents 

The audit committee is responsible for:

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems;

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm;

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law;

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations;

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed;

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm;

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public
 accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work;

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial
 statements or accounting policies;

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of our initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or
 otherwise causing compliance with the terms of our initial public offering; and

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed
 and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval.

Nominating Committee

We established a nominating committee of our board of directors. The members of our nominating committee are Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stacey
 Bendet, and Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has
 determined that Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stacey Bendet are independent under the NYSE listing standards.

The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons
 identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others.

Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees

The guidelines for selecting nominees, which are specified in a charter that we adopted, generally provides that persons to be nominated:

86 

Table of Contents 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service;

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its
 deliberations; and

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders.

The nominating committee will consider a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a
 person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also
 consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons.

Compensation Committee

We established a compensation committee of our board of directors. The members of our compensation committee are Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and
 Stacey Bendet, and Anr Williams serves as chairman of the compensation committee.

Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that Anr 
 Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stacey Bendet are independent under the NYSE listing standards.

We adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including:

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s and Chief Financial Officer s, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s and Chief
 Financial Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer based on such evaluation;

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers;

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans;

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans;

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements;

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees;

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors.

87 

Table of Contents 

The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser
 and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the
 compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by NYSE and the SEC.

Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation

None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive
 officers serving on our board of directors.

Code of Ethics

We adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon written request to our
 principal executive offices. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

Conflicts of Interest

Under Cayman Islands law, directors and officers owe the following fiduciary duties:

duty to act in good faith in what the director or officer believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole;

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose;

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion;

duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders;

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and

duty to exercise independent judgment.

In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person
 having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of
 that director.

As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a
 result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by
 the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings.

88 

Table of Contents 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any
 of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands
 law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we
 may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the
 fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar
 business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or
 officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other.

In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment
 ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial Business Combination. However, we do not believe
 that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination.

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships:

Individual

Entity

Entity s Business

Affiliation

Kevin Durant

Thirty Five Ventures LLC (1) 

Sports

Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer

Thirty Five Ventures Fund I (1) 

Private Equity

Chief Executive Officer and Co-Manager

Thirty Five Ventures Fund II (1) 

Private Equity

Chief Executive Officer and Co-Manager

Boardroom Sports Clubs(1)

Private Equity

Co-Owner

Boardroom 35 LLC

Media

Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer

Rich Kleiman

Thirty Five Ventures LLC (1) 

Sports

Co-Manager

Thirty Five Ventures Fund I (1) 

Private Equity

President and Co-Manager

Thirty Five Ventures Fund II (1) 

Private Equity

President and Co-Manager

Boardroom Sports Clubs LLC (1) 

Private Equity

Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer

Boardroom 35 LLC

Media

Co-Founder and Co-Chief Executive Officer

Alexander Michael

LionTree LLC (1) 

Investment and Merchant Banking

Co-Head of LionTree Growth

Aryeh B. Bourkoff

LionTree LLC (1) 

Investment and Merchant Banking

Founder, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

LionTree Investment Management LLC

Private Equity

Founder and Chief Executive Officer

David Farber

LionTree LLC (1) 

Investment and Merchant Banking

Finance Director

LionTree Investment Management LLC

Private Equity

Finance Director

Anr Williams

American Express

Financial Services

Group President and member of Executive Committee

Illinois Tool Works Inc.

Manufacturing

Director

Sam Lessin

Slow Ventures

Venture Capital

General Partner

Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm)

Brilliant Minds Foundation

Education

Chief Executive Officer

Stacey Bendet

Alice + Olivia

Fashion

Chief Executive Officer and Creative Director

(1)

Includes certain of its funds and other affiliates.

89 

Table of Contents 

Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest:

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search
 for a Business Combination and their other businesses, on the other hand. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our executive officers and directors is engaged
 in several other business endeavors for which he is entitled to substantial compensation and has substantial time commitments, and our executive officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to
 our affairs.

Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the consummation of our initial public offering and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that closed simultaneously with the closing of our
 initial public offering. In November 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stancey Bendet.

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public
 shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial Business Combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
 our initial Business Combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a
 target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination.

LionTree Advisors is acting as our independent financial advisor as defined under FINRA Rule 5110(j)(9), to provide independent financial consulting services, consisting of a review of deal structure and
 terms and related structuring advice in connection with our initial public offering, for which LionTree Advisors received a fee of 2,208,000, which was paid upon the closing of our initial public offering. In addition, LionTree Advisors
 will receive up to 3,864,000, which will be payable at the closing of our initial Business Combination.

We may engage LionTree, LionTree Advisors or another affiliate of our sponsor, as a financial or other advisor or agent in connection with our initial Business Combination and may pay them a customary
 financial advisory fee, agent fee or consulting fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard fee for comparable transactions. See Item 1.A. Risk Factor - We may engage LionTree, LionTree Advisors or
 other affiliates of our sponsor, as our financial advisor or agent on our Business Combinations and other transactions. Any fee in connection with such engagement may be conditioned upon the completion of such transactions. This financial
 interest in the completion of such transactions may influence the advice such affiliate provides. 

90 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, our sponsor has agreed to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to its founder shares if we fail to complete our
 initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our sponsor
 and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to our initial Business
 Combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20
 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results
 in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion
 of our initial Business Combination. Because each of our executive officers and directors own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an
 appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial Business Combination.

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular Business Combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and
 directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial Business Combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to
 ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates.

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman, their respective affiliates,
 including Thirty Five Ventures, or our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company that is affiliated with LionTree, Mr. Durant, Mr. Kleiman, their respective affiliates,
 including Thirty Five Ventures, our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders
 valuation opinions that such initial Business Combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. In addition, our sponsor or any of our existing executive officers
 and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, including LionTree, and other entities affiliated with LionTree, may be paid a consulting fee or other compensation and reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying
 investigating, negotiating and completing an initial Business Combination and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Further, commencing on November 18, 2021, we started to reimburse our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
 for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month.

We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which
 requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team
 have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial Business Combination.

Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors

Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to
 the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended
 and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual
 fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We entered into agreements with our directors and officers to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association. We also purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our
 obligations to indemnify our officers and directors.

91 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right,
 title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled
 to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an
 initial Business Combination.

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also
 may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be
 adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions.

We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors.

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation

Executive Officer and Director Compensation

In November 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stancey Bendet. None of our executive
 officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on November 18, 2021, we started to reimburse our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services
 provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, or their respective affiliates will also be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as
 identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Further, our sponsor or any of our existing executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, including LionTree
 Advisors, and other entities affiliated with LionTree, may be paid a consulting fee or other compensation and reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying investigating, negotiating and completing an initial Business Combination
 and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations.

Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers, directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments
 prior to an initial Business Combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our
 reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial Business Combination.

After the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the
 combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination.
 We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed Business
 Combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the
 board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors.

92 

Table of Contents 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination,
 although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or
 consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of
 our initial Business Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon
 termination of employment.

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 based on information obtained from the persons
 named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares, by:

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares;

each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns ordinary shares; and

all our executive officers and directors as a group.

In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 27,600,000 public shares and 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares, issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. All of the Class B ordinary
 shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis, as described herein. The below table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days
 of the date of this Report.

Class A ordinary shares 

Class B ordinary shares 

Ordinary 

 shares 

Name of Beneficial Owners (1) 

Number of 

 Shares 

 Beneficially 

 Owned 

Approximate 

 Percentage 

 of 

 Class 

Number of 

 Shares 

 Beneficially 

 Owned 

Approximate 

 Percentage 

 of 

 Class 

Approximate 

 Percentage 

 of 

 Voting 

 Control(2) 

Kevin Durant(3)

-

-

-

-

-

Rich Kleiman(3)

-

-

-

-

-

David Farber (3)

-

-

-

-

-

Alexander Michael(3)

-

-

-

-

-

Aryeh B. Bourkoff(3)

-

-

-

-

-

Anr Williams(3)

-

-

25,000

Sam Lessin(3)

25,000

Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm)(3)

25,000

Stacey Bendet(3)

25,000

All officers and directors as a group (nine individuals)(3)

-

-

100,000

1.4 

Infinite Sponsor, LLC (our sponsor)(4)

-

-

6,800,000

98.6 

19.7 

Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust(5)

1,500,000

5.4 

-

-

4.4 

Sculptor Capital LP(6)

1,677,086

6.08 

Saba Capital Management, L.P.(7)

1,672,885

6.1 

Cantor Fitzgerald Securities(8)

2,070,000

7.50 

Less than one percent.

93 

Table of Contents 

(1) 

Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 745 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10151.

(2) 

Assuming the automatic conversion of Class B ordinary shares into the shares of Class A ordinary shares at the time of the Company s initial Business Combination.

(3) 

Does not include any securities indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his ownership interest in our sponsor.

(4) 

Infinite Sponsor, LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. Our sponsor is governed by a board consisting of four managers. Each manager has one vote, and the approval of a majority of the
 managers is required to approve an action on behalf of our sponsor.

(5) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust, based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 3, 2022. The
 business address of each of the Blackstone Reporting Persons is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563.

(6) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Sculptor Capital LP Sculptor ), based solely on the Schedule 13G filed by Sculptor, Sculptor Capital II LP Sculptor-II ), Sculptor Capital Holding
 Corporation SCHC ), Sculptor Capital Holding II LLC SCHC-II ), Sculptor Capital Management, Inc. SCU ), Sculptor Master Fund, Ltd. SCMF ), Sculptor Special Funding, LP NRMD ), Sculptor Credit Opportunities Master Fund, Ltd.
 SCCO and Sculptor SC II LP NJGC (together the Sculptor Accounts with the SEC on February 14, 2023. Sculptor and Sculptor-II serve as the principal investment managers to the Sculptor Accounts and thus may be deemed beneficial
 owners of the ordinary shares in the Sculptor Accounts managed by Sculptor and Sculptor-II. SCHC-II serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor-II and is wholly owned by Sculptor. SCHC serves as the sole general partner of Sculptor. As
 such, SCHC and SCHC-II may be deemed to control Sculptor as well as Sculptor-II and, therefore, may be deemed to be the beneficial owners of the ordinary shares reported in this Schedule 13G. SCU is the sole shareholder of SCHC, and, for
 purposes of Schedule 13G, may be deemed a beneficial owner of the ordinary shares reported therein. The business address of the Sculptor Reporting Persons is 9 West 57 th Street, New York, NY 10019.

(7) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Saba Capital Management, L.P. Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC Saba GP ), and Boaz R. Weinstein (together, the Saba Capital Reporting
 Persons based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on September 23, 2022. The business address of the Saba Capital Reporting Persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58 th Floor, New York, NY 10174.

(8) 

Includes Class A ordinary shares beneficially held by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities CFS ), Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Cantor ), CF Group Management, Inc. CFGM and Howard W. Lutnick. CFS is the record
 holder of the securities (together, the CFS Reporting Persons based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023). CFGM is the managing general partner of Cantor and directly or indirectly controls the managing
 general partner of CFS. Mr. Lutnick is Chairman and Chief Executive of CFGM and trustee of CFGM s sole stockholder. Cantor, indirectly, holds a majority of the ownership interests of CFS. As such, each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may be
 deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities directly held by CFS. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein,
 directly, or indirectly. The business address of each of the CFS Reporting Persons is 110 East 59 th Street New York, NY 10022.

94 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence

On April 9, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain offering costs on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary
 shares, par value 0.0001. In November 2021, our sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of Anr Williams, Sam Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stancey Bendet. On November 18, 2021, we effected a share capitalization resulting in
 our initial shareholders holding 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares upon
 completion of our initial public offering. The founder shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder.

Our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 13,540,000 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.00 per whole warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously
 with the closing of our initial public offering. As such, our sponsor s interest in this transaction is valued at 13,540,000. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to
 adjustment. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise thereof) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after the completion of
 our initial Business Combination.

As more fully discussed in the section of this Report entitled Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance - Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers
 or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual
 obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us.

We currently maintain our executive offices at 745 Fifth Avenue, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10151. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month
 fee we pay to our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services, commencing on November 18, 2021. Upon completion of our initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these
 monthly fees.

None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We may pay our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any
 entity with which they are affiliated, a consulting fee or other compensation in connection with identifying, investigating and completing our initial Business Combination. These individuals and entities, including LionTree Advisors and other
 entities affiliated with LionTree, may receive customary fees and will be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on
 suitable Business Combinations. In addition, LionTree Advisors was acting as our independent financial advisor as defined under FINRA Rule 5110(j)(9), to provide independent financial consulting services, consisting of a review of deal structure
 and terms and related structuring advice in connection with our initial public offering, for which LionTree Advisors received a fee of 2,208,000, which was paid upon the closing of our initial public offering. In addition, LionTree Advisors will
 receive 3,864,000, which will be payable at the closing of our initial Business Combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates and will
 determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf.

Prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of our initial public offering.
 This loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of our initial public offering. The note was reimbursed in full on November 24, 2021 out of the offering proceeds not held in the trust
 account.

95 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors have the right, but not the obligation, to loan us funds interest free and on
 substantially the same terms as our existing promissory note. If we complete an initial Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that the initial Business
 Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans, which we
 have agreed to incur and which are due upon the earlier of our liquidation or the consummation of our initial Business Combination, may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be
 identical to the private placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or our management team as we do not believe third
 parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account.

After our initial Business Combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any
 and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at
 the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial Business Combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive
 and director compensation.

We entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our sponsor is entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement
 warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial Business
 Combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

We intend to enter into a reimbursement agreement with our sponsor, officers or directors, or their affiliates, including LionTree and Thirty Five Ventures, to provide for
 reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses (or an allocable portion thereof), to the extent that our sponsor, officers or directors, or their affiliates, including LionTree and Thirty Five Ventures, incur expenses for services provided to us
 prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, and to indemnify our sponsor, officers or directors, or their affiliates, including LionTree and Thirty Five Ventures, from (i) any claims made by us or a third party in respect of any
 investment opportunities sourced by them, (ii) any liability arising with respect to their activities in connection with our affairs, and (iii) for any services that are provided without a separate written agreement between us and any such party.
 Such indemnity will provide that the indemnified parties cannot access the funds held in our trust account.

Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions

The audit committee of our board of directors adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those
 transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party
 transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related
 party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the
 committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party
 transaction.

96 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence

NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Aryeh B. Bourkoff, Anr Williams, Sam
 Lessin, Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm) and Stacey Bendet are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards.

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The firm of Marcum LLP, or Marcum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm:

Marcum LLP

730 3rd Ave 11th Floor

New York, NY 10017

PCAOB ID # 688 

The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered.

Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements,
 reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for audit fees,
 inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and of services rendered, totaled 77,250 and 74,250, respectively.

Audit-Related Fees . Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to
 performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting
 and reporting standards. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay Marcum any audit-related fees.

Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. For the
 year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay Marcum any tax fees.

All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period
 March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we did not pay Marcum any other fees.

PART IV 

Item 15. 

Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules

(a)

The following documents are filed as part of this Report:

(1) 

Financial Statements

(2) 

Exhibits

We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index.

97 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit

 Number

Description

3.1 

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (1)

4.1 

Warrant Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (1)

4.2 

Specimen Unit Certificate (2)

4.3 

Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate (2)

4.4 

Specimen Warrant Certificate (2)

4.5 

Description of Registrant s Securities

10.1 

Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor (1)

10.2 

Investment Management Trust Account Agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company and the Company (1)

10.3 

Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and certain other equityholders named therein (1)

10.4 

Letter Agreement among the Company, the Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors (1)

10.5 

Administrative Services Agreement between the Company and the Sponsor (1)

10.6 

Engagement Letter between the Registrant and LionTree Advisors LLC (3)

31.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of
 the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.

31.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.

32.1 

Certification of the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.

32.2 

Certification of the Principal Financial and Accounting Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002.

Filed herewith.

Furnished herewith.

(1) 

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 23, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein.

(2) 

Incorporated by reference to the registrant s Form S-1, filed with the SEC on November 15, 2021.

(3) 

Previously filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 1, 2021 and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary

Not applicable.

98 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused the Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by
 the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

March 21, 2023

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP.

/s/ Rich Kleiman

Name:

Rich Kleiman

Title:

Co-Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
 and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

Signature

Title

Date

/s/ Rich Kleiman

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 21, 2023

Rich Kleiman

Principal Executive Officer 

/s/ Kevin Durant

Co-Chief Executive Officer and Director

March 21, 2023

Kevin Durant

/s/ Aryeh B. Burkoff

Chairman

March 21, 2023

Aryeh B. Burkoff

/s/ David Farber

Chief Financial Officer

March 21, 2023

David Farber

Principal Accounting Officer and Principal Financial Officer 

/s/ Anr Williams

Director

March 21, 2023

Anr Williams

/s/ Sam Lessin

Director

March 21, 2023

Sam Lessin

/s/ Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm)

Director

March 21, 2023

Annastasia Skilakos (Seebohm)

/s/ Stacey Bendet

Director

March 21, 2023

Stacey Bendet

99 

Table of Contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP.

INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Page

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

F-2

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

F-3

Statements of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from March 29, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from March 29, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from March 29, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7

F-1 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of

Infinite Acquisition Corp.

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the
 accompanying balance sheets of Infinite Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the
 period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
 position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern

The accompanying
 financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has a significant working capital deficiency, and the Company has until August 23, 2023 to
 complete a Business Combination or the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard
 to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

Basis for Opinion

These financial
 statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting
 Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
 the PCAOB.

We conducted our
 audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or
 fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion.

Our audits included
 performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
 regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
 statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

/s/ Marcum LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021.

March 21, 2023

F-2 

Table of Contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 BALANCE SHEETS

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021 

Assets:

Current assets:

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

Prepaid expenses - long term

Investments held in Trust Account

Total Assets

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit:

Current liabilities:

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party

Accrued expenses

Note payable - related party 

Total current liabilities

Deferred underwriting commissions

Total liabilities

Commitments and Contingencies

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 
 par value; shares issued and outstanding at approximately and per share redemption value as of
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
 respectively 

Shareholders Deficit:

Preference shares, par value shares authorized 
 issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; 
 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated deficit

Total shareholders deficit

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-3 

Table of Contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

For the Period from 

For the Year Ended 

March 29, 2021 (Inception) 

December 31, 2022

through December 31, 2021 

Operating expenses

General and administrative expenses

General and administrative expenses - related party

Loss from Operations

Income from investments held in Trust Account

Net income (loss)

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class A ordinary share

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per Class B ordinary share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-4 

Table of Contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 
 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 and for the Period from March 29, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021

Ordinary shares

Total

Class A

Class B

Additional Paid-In

Accumulated

Shareholders 

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Capital

Deficit

Deficit

Balance - March 29, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Sale of private placement warrants to Sponsor in private placement

-

-

Fair value of public warrant included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering

-

-

Offering costs associated with public warrants

-

-

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

-

-

Net loss

-

-

Balance - December 31, 2021

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

- 

- 

Net income 

- 

- 

Balance - December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-5 

Table of Contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

For the Period from 

For the Year Ended 

March 29, 2021 (Inception) 

December 31, 2022

through December 31, 2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Income from investments held in Trust Account

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

Accounts payable 

Accounts payable - related party

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Cash deposited in Trust Account

Cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from note payable to related party

Repayment of note payable to related party

Proceeds received from initial public offering, gross

Proceeds received from private placement

Reimbursement from underwriter

Offering costs paid

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash

Cash - beginning of the period

Cash - end of the period

Supplemental disclosure of noncash activities:

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value 

Offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Offering costs included in accrued expenses

Prepaid expenses paid by Sponsor under promissory note

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

F-6 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), including the issuance of 
 Units as a result of the underwriter s full exercise of their over-allotment option, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions (Note 6).

warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million, and incurring offering costs of approximately .

million per Unit) of net proceeds, including the
 net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and a portion of the proceeds of the Private Placement, was placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee,
 and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain
 conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the
 distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

or more operating businesses or assets with a fair
 market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes
 payable, if any, on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company sign a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the
 post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling
 interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act.

F-1 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

per share, sold in the Initial Public Offering (the Public Shares with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon
 the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a
 Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely at its discretion. The Public Shareholders are entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then held in the Trust Account (initially
 anticipated to be per Public Share). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares
 will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter (as discussed in Note 6). These Public Shares are classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board s
 FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a
 shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (the Amended and
 Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of
 the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant
 to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a
 Business Combination, the Initial Shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined below) in favor of a Business Combination. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Company adopted an
 insider trading policy which requires insiders to: (i) refrain from purchasing shares during certain blackout periods and when they are in possession of any material non-public information and (ii) to clear all trades with its Chief Financial
 Officer (or his or her designee) prior to execution. In addition, the initial shareholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of a Business
 Combination.

or more of the Public Shares, without the prior
 consent of the Company.

of the Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination
 activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment.

from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or August 23, 2023 (the Combination Period ), the Company will (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as
 reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the
 initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders 
 rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any); and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the remaining shareholders and the board of
 directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating
 distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within the Combination Period.

F-2 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor will agree to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (except
 for the Company s independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
 of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the
 Trust Account if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets. This liability will not apply with
 respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
 including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ).

,000

in the Company s operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately inclusive of of advances from its Sponsor.

from Sponsor to cover for certain expenses in exchange for the issuance of the Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ), and a loan of approximately from the Sponsor pursuant to a promissory note originally issued on April 9, 2021 (the Note ). The Company repaid the Note in full on November 24, 2021. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public
 Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the certain proceeds from the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the
 Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide us loans in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination Working Capital Loans ). As
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was amounts outstanding under Working Capital Loans.

in loans in order to finance the Company s working capital needs (including transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination) (the Sponsor Loan
 Commitment ), and the Sponsor increased the amount of the Sponsor Loan Commitment to million as of June 30, 2022. As of December 31,
 2022 and 2021, there was and ,
 respectively, of advances drawn under the Sponsor Loan Commitment.

F-3 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

F-4 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

t have any cash equivalents.

F-5 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering (including 
 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance
 provides that the warrants were not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified contracts were initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the contracts
 continue to be classified in equity.

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
 equity section of the Company s balance sheets.

F-6 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Class A ordinary shares since their exercise is
 contingent upon future events and inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock method. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per share is the same as basic net income (loss) per share. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A
 ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator:

Weighted average ordinary shares outstanding, basic and diluted

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s
 management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could
 result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position.

Units, including Over-Allotment Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 
 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred underwriting commissions. 

F-7 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Class A
 ordinary share, and one-half of 
 redeemable warrant (the Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 
 per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 8).

Private Placement Warrants, at a price of 
 per Private Placement Warrant, to the Sponsor, generating proceeds of approximately million.

whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants
 was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement
 Warrants are non-redeemable for cash and exercisable on a cashless basis.

days after the completion of the initial Business Combination.

to cover for certain offering costs on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares, par value per share. On November 2, 2021, the Sponsor transferred Founder Shares to each of the Company s board of directors. On November 18, 2021, the Company effected a share capitalization resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up to 
 Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriter, so that the Founder Shares would represent 
 of its issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On November 23, 2021, the underwriter exercised the over-allotment option in full; thus, these Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.

after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination,
 the closing price of the Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, capitalization
 of shares, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days
 within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial Business Combination, and (B) the date following the completion of the initial Business Combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar
 transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property.

to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant the Note. This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the Initial Public
 Offering. The Company borrowed approximately under the Note and repaid in full on November 24, 2021.

F-8 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been
 determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 
 borrowings under the Working Capital Loans.

in loans in order to finance the Company s
 working capital needs (including transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination), and the Sponsor increased the principal amount of the Sponsor Loan Commitment to million as of June 30, 2022. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were 
 and of advances drawn under the Sponsor Loan Commitment, respectively.

per month for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to the Company until the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or liquidation. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021
 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and approximately , respectively, in expense for these services, which is included in general and administrative expenses related party on the accompanying statements of operations. As
 of December 31, 2022 and 2021, approximately and of such expenses were payable for these services and included in accounts payable-related party on the accompanying balance sheets. 

and in expenses in connection with consulting and compliance services with a related party, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 there was approximately and ,
 respectively, outstanding related to these services, included in accounts payable-related party on the accompanying balance sheets. 

million, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, LionTree Advisors will receive approximately million, which will be payable at the closing of the initial Business Combination.

F-9 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

million for such fees at the closing of the Initial Public Offering and the underwriter has also agreed to reimburse the Company for approximately 
 million upon the completion of the initial Business Combination.

per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial
 Public Offering. An additional fee of per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts
 held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share at a general meeting of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding and subject to possible redemption.

F-10 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

Offering costs allocated to Class A ordinary shares

Plus:

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022

preference shares, par value 
 per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding.

Class A ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were non-redeemable Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding.

Class B ordinary shares with a par value of 
 per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, which amount have
 been retroactively restated to reflect the share capitalization on November 18, 2021 as discussed in Note 5. Of the Class B
 ordinary shares outstanding, up to Class B ordinary shares were subject to forfeiture, to the Company by the Sponsor for no
 consideration to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part, so that the Initial Shareholders will collectively own of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On November 23, 2021, the underwriter exercised the over-allotment option in full; thus, these
 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture.

vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders at a general meeting of the Company. Holders of Class B ordinary shares have the right to appoint all of the
 Company s directors prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination. On any other matter submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders, holders of Class B ordinary shares and holders of Class A ordinary shares will vote together
 as a single class, except as required by applicable law or stock exchange rule.

of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary
 shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination,
 excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement
 Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary
 shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than -to-one.

F-11 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Public Warrants and Private
 Placement Warrants were outstanding.

days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) months from the closing of the
 Initial Public Offering, or November 23, 2022; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current
 prospectus relating to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permit holders to exercise their warrants
 on a cashless basis under certain circumstances). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 
 business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and
 to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of
 the warrants is not effective by the th day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such
 time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the
 Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security 
 under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to
 file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not
 available.

per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption
 or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective
 issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith
 by the board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Initial Shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
 issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity
 proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A
 ordinary shares during the -trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its
 initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be
 adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. See Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share
 equals or exceeds below).

F-12 

Table of contents 

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP. 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions, (ii) the Private Placement Warrants are non-redeemable and (iii) the Private
 Placement Warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis and have certain registration rights.

.

-day redemption period.

transfers between levels for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 29, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021.

F-13 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 brhc10049648_ex4-5.htm
 EXHIBIT 4.5

Exhibit 4.5

INFINITE ACQUISITION CORP.

 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

The following summary of the material terms of the securities of Infinite Acquisition Corp. is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is
 subject to and qualified by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ), and
 applicable Cayman Islands law. We urge you to read our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences securities.

Certain Terms

Unless otherwise stated in this exhibit or the context otherwise requires, references to:

amended and restated memorandum and article of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association that the company adopted in connection with the consummation of our initial public offering; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to our initial
 public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance
 of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial public offering refers to our initial public offering units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of
 one redeemable warrant; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of
 our initial public offering and upon conversion of working capital loans, if any; 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in our initial public offering (whether they are
 purchased in our initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our
 sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

sponsor are to Infinite Sponsor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company; 

warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which includes the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the
 extent that they are no longer held by our sponsor or their permitted transferees; and 

we, us, our, company or our company are to Infinite Acquisition Corp., a Cayman Islands exempted company. 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman
 Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which were adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering, we are authorized to issue 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 20,000,000 Class
 B ordinary shares, as well as 1,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes the material terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
 association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you.

Units

Each unit sold in our initial public offering had an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the
 holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as described in the final prospectus relating to our initial public offering.

Pursuant to the warrant agreement we entered into in connection with our initial public offering, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the company s Class A
 ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder.

Holders of units have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to
 separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to
 receive or trade a whole warrant.

Our units started separate trading on January 10, 2022. The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business
 combination.

Ordinary Shares

There are 6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding, all of which are held of record by our sponsor and independent directors. Thereby, our sponsor and independent
 directors collectively own approximately 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Upon the closing of our initial public offering, 34,500,000 of our ordinary shares are issued outstanding including:

27,600,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as part of our initial public offering; and 

6,900,000 Class B ordinary shares held by our sponsor. 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders at a general meeting of the Company. Except as described below, holders
 of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares is
 required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, being the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the holders of the issued and
 outstanding ordinary shares that are voted, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory
 merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative
 voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable
 dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of
 our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial
 business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed either (a) unanimously in writing by all the holders of our Class B ordinary shares or (b) by holders representing at least two-thirds of the issued and outstanding Class B
 ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting

Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 479,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we
 may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we
 seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination.

Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual
 general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on NYSE. There
 is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual general meetings or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial
 business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares.

We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
 payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account
 and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.20 per public
 share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the Underwriter. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a
 beneficial owner must identify itself in order to valid redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
 to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
 (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
 if we do not complete our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
 shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such
 initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
 listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules
 of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same
 financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange
 listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not
 pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a
 majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, or their affiliates in
 privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For
 purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting.

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
 Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess
 Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a
 material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination.
 And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss.

If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
 affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company where a quorum is present. In accordance with our amended memorandum and
 articles of association, shareholders representing at least one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, present in person or by proxy, constitute a quorum. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have
 agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our sponsor s founder shares, we would need 10,350,001, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding ordinary
 shares are voted) of the 27,600,000 public shares sold in our initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have it approved. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary
 shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in
 order to have it approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all.

Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public
 offering, or August 23, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable
 in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay
 liquidation and dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation
 distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations
 under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their
 rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we have not consummated an initial business combination until August 23, 2023 (although they are entitled to liquidating distributions from
 the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up
 for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business
 days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law.

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after a business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for
 distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking
 fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust
 account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business
 combination, subject to the limitations described herein.

Founder Shares

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our initial
 public offering, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment
 of directors; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
 agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our
 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our
 initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other
 provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we have not consummated an initial
 business combination until August 23, 2023 (although they are entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the
 prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (e) the
 founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the
 affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have
 agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination.

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not
 have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at
 a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon
 completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in
 connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be
 issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B
 ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until earliest of (A) one year after the
 completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share
 capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete
 a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees
 would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any founder shares.

Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the
 appointment of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution passed either (a) unanimously in writing by all the holders of our Class B
 ordinary shares or (b) by holders representing at least two-thirds of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting. With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders, including
 any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote at a general
 meeting of the Company.

Preference Shares

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 1,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in
 one or more series. Our board of directors is authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions
 thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors is able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders
 of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or
 the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No
 preference shares are issued and outstanding as of date of the Report.

Warrants

Public Shareholders Warrants

Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on
 the later of one year from the closing of our initial public offering and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, provided that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class
 A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement)
 and such Class A ordinary shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities or blue sky laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its
 warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will
 trade.

Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business
 combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation.

We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration
 statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to
 registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such
 warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences
 are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In
 the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such
 unit.

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to
 file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become
 effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire
 or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered
 security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the
 event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is
 not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant holders may, until such time as
 there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or
 another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by
 surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to (A) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market
 value (as defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading
 days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is delivered to the warrant agent.

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 . Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding
 warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement warrants):

in whole and not in part;

at a price of 0.01 per warrant;

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or
 the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before we send the notice
 of redemption to the warrant holders.

We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the
 warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we
 are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws.

If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining
 whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of
 issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the
 quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market
 value.

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price.
 If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A
 ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders 
 Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued.

Redemption Procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have
 the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other
 amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise.

Anti-Dilution Adjustments . If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend paid in Class A ordinary
 shares to all or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares, or by a sub-division of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, sub-division or similar event,
 the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares.

In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the
 holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when
 combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as
 adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant)
 but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed
 initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the
 substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete
 our initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or August 23, 2023, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, (e) as a
 result of the repurchase of Class A ordinary shares by us if a proposed initial business combination is presented to our shareholders for approval, or (f) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our
 initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each
 Class A ordinary share in respect of such event.

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the
 effective date of such consolidation, combination, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary
 shares.

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the
 warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the
 denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter.

In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an
 issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our sponsor or its
 affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 
 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average
 trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the
 exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described above under Redemption of
 warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price.

In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A
 ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or
 reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in
 connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares
 immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification,
 reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event.

The warrants were issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the
 terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the
 warrants and the warrant agreement set forth herein, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or
 changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the
 registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. You should
 review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit of the Report, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants.

The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the
 issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders at a general meeting of the Company.

No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional
 interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.

We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the
 courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim.
 See Item 1.A Risk Factors Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for
 certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company in the Report. This
 provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum.

Private Placement Warrants

Except as described below, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our initial public
 offering. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business
 combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the
 initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and they are not redeemable by us. Our sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. Any amendment to the terms of
 the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants.

If holders of the private placement warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class
 A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the Sponsor fair market value over the exercise price of the
 warrants by (y) the Sponsor fair market value. For these purposes, the Sponsor fair market value shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior
 to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants are exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and its permitted transferees
 is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We
 expect to have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in
 our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open
 market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is
 appropriate.

Our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors have the right, but not the obligation, to loan us funds interest free and on substantially the same terms as
 our existing promissory note. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans, which we have agreed to incur and which are due upon the earlier of our liquidation or the consummation of our initial business combination, may be convertible into warrants of the
 post business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants.

Variation of Rights of Shares

Whenever our capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attaching to any class of share (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may only
 be materially varied either with the consent in writing of the holders of not less than two-thirds of the issued shares of that class, or with the sanction of a resolution passed by a majority of not less than two-thirds of the holders of shares of
 the class present in person or by proxy at a separate general meeting of the holders of shares of that class.

Unless the terms on which a class of shares was issued state otherwise, the rights conferred on the shareholder holding shares of any class shall not be deemed to be varied by the creation or issue
 of further shares ranking pari passu with the existing shares of that class or the creation or issue of one or more classes of shares with or without preferred, deferred or other special rights or restrictions (including, without limitation, the
 creation of Shares with enhanced or weighted voting rights), whether in regard to dividend, voting, return of capital or otherwise.

Dividends

We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash
 dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to
 our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands
 law. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith.

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent

The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer 
 Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in
 that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity.

Certain Differences in Corporate Law

Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws
 applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the
 United States and their shareholders.

Mergers and Similar Arrangements . In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or
 between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction).

Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed
 information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (usually a majority of two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b)
 such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued
 shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman
 Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation.

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are
 required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional
 documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no
 petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar
 person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or
 made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted.

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having
 made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud
 unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained,
 released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have
 been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is
 no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation.

Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger
 or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or
 consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved
 by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent
 company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or
 seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to
 purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount;
 and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman
 Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the
 company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting
 shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for
 example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be
 contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company.

Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be
 more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant
 to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority
 in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and
 voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of
 the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that:

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with;

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question;

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive
 payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations.

Squeeze-out Provisions . When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror
 may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is
 evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders.

Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital
 exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements of an operating business.

Shareholders Suits . Ogier (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands
 court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed
 to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority
 and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which:

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority;

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 

A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed.

Enforcement of Civil Liabilities . The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection
 to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States.

We have been advised by Ogier (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of
 the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon
 the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in
 the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the
 principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman
 Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of
 fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy).
 A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere.

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies . We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes
 between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an
 exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below:

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection;

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting;

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value;

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance);

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands;

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company.

Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as
 involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).

Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to
 provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands
 law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of
 association) of a company s shareholders entitled to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s
 articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved
 either by at least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders.

Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to
 amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that:

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 21 months from the closing of our initial public offering, or
 August 23, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash,
 equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up
 to 100,000 of interest to pay liquidation and dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to
 receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in
 each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the
 holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion
 of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond August 23, 2023 or (y) amend the
 foregoing provisions; 

Although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our
 directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from independent investment banking firm or another independent
 entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing
 requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the
 SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange
 Act; 

So long as our securities are then listed on NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target
 businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the trust
 account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would
 modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not
 complete our initial business combination until August 23, 2023 or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem
 all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not
 previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with
 nominal operations; and 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an
 alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or otherwise related in any way
 to each shareholder s shareholding in us, including but not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any of our current or
 former director, officer or other employee to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act or our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or (iv) any
 action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States of America) and that each shareholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
 courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also provide that, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have, each of our shareholders
 acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly we shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies
 of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum. The forum selection provision in our amended and restated memorandum and
 articles of association will not apply to actions or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter
 of the laws of the United States of America, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim. 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
 assets to be less than 5,000,001.

The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval
 of the holders of at least two-thirds of such company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting or by way of unanimous written resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval
 of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of
 association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we
 view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the
 opportunity to redeem their public shares.

Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands

If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is
 involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment,
 the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal
 conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with
 terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise.

Certain Anti-takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person
 can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings.

Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate
 purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or
 discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Securities Eligible for Future Sale

We have 34,500,000 Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding on an as-converted basis. Of these shares, 27,600,000 Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering are
 freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the issued and
 outstanding founder shares (6,900,000 founder shares) and all of the issued and outstanding private placement warrants (13,540,000 private placement warrants i) are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private
 transactions not involving a public offering.

Rule 144

Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting
 requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the twelve months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the
 sale.

Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a
 sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of:

1 of the total number of ordinary shares then-outstanding, which equals 345,000 shares immediately; or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the
 filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us.

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business
 combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met:

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the
 preceding twelve months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Form 8-K reports; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its
 status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell its founder shares and private placement warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have
 completed our initial business combination.

Registration and Shareholder Rights

The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the
 exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement signed in connection with
 our initial public offering. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights
 with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed
 under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the private placement
 warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
 statements.

Except as described herein, our sponsor and our directors and executive officers have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after
 the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
 share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which
 we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any
 permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor with respect to any founder shares.

In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, is entitled to nominate three
 individuals for election to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement.

Listing of Securities

Our units, Class A ordinary and warrants are each traded on the NYSE under the symbols NFNT.U, NFNT and NFNT WS, respectively. Our units commenced public trading on November 19, 2021.
 Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on January 10, 2022. The units that have not been separated into their components by their holders will automatically separate and will not be traded following the completion of
 our initial business combination.

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 brhc10049648_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Rich Kleiman, certify that:

1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Infinite Acquisition Corp.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

Date: March 21, 2023

/s/ Rich Kleiman

Name: Rich Kleiman

Title: Co-Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 brhc10049648_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, David Farber, certify that:

1. I have reviewed the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Infinite Acquisition Corp.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such
 statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the registrant as of, and for, the period presented in this report;

4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control
 over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal
 quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the
 registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
 ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting.

Date: March 21, 2023

/s/ David Farber

Name:

David Farber

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 brhc10049648_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Infinite Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rich Kleiman, Co-Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 21, 2023

/s/ Rich Kleiman

Name:

Rich Kleiman

Title:

Co-Chief Executive Officer

(Principal Executive Officer)

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 brhc10049648_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of Infinite Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 on the date hereof (the Report ), I, David Farber, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge:

(1) 
 
 the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

(2) 
 
 the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

Date: March 21, 2023

/s/ David Farber

Name:

David Farber

Title:

Chief Financial Officer

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nfnt-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nfnt-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nfnt-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nfnt-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nfnt-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

