<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1317945_0001493152-23-007242.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5964402</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>193551</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1097385</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2250196</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>993866</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1269361</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007242.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310161543
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007242
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		72
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Omega Flex, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001317945
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	HEATING EQUIP, EXCEPT ELEC & WARM AIR & PLUMBING FIXTURES [3430]
		IRS NUMBER:				231948942
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51372
		FILM NUMBER:		23723804

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		451 CREAMERY WAY
		CITY:			EXTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19341
		BUSINESS PHONE:		610-524-7272

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		451 CREAMERY WAY
		CITY:			EXTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			19341

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007242.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

Or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________________________ to ______________________ 

Commission
file number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction of 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 
 incorporation
 or organization) 
 Identification
 No.) 

, , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
 telephone number, including area code 
 - 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

Securities
registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act: 

Not
applicable 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer ,
 smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large
accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act Yes No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the Registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based
compensation received by any of the Registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to
 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

The
aggregate market value of voting and non-voting shares of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30, 2022,
the last business day of the second quarter of 2022, was . 

The
number of shares of common stock outstanding as of March 1, 2023 was . 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Omega
 Flex, Inc. 
 TABLE
 OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART
 I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk
 Factors 
 12 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved
 Staff Comments 
 19 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 19 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal
 Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine
 Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART
 II 

Item
 5. 
 Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, and Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 
 
 Item
 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 20 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risks 
 28 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data 
 29 
 
 Item
 9. 
 Changes
 in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 54 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 54 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other
 Information 
 55 
 
 Item
 9C. 
 Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 55 

PART
 III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors,
 Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 
 56 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive
 Compensation 
 56 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 56 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain
 Relationships and Related Party Transactions, and Director Independence 
 56 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal
 Accountant Fees and Services 
 56 

PART
 IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits
 and Financial Statement Schedules 
 57 
 
 Item
 16. 
 Form
 10-K Summary 
 59 

- 2 - 

CAUTIONARY
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

Certain
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K annual report or report of Omega Flex, Inc. that are not
historical facts but rather reflect our current expectations concerning future results and events constitute forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The words believes, expects, 
 intends, plans, anticipates, intend, estimate, potential, 
 continue, hopes, likely, will, and similar expressions, or the negative of these
terms, identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject
to risks and uncertainties . Important factors that could cause the actual results, performance or achievements of Omega Flex,
Inc., or industry results, to differ materially from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements are set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, and other parts of this annual report. 

Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s view only as of the date
of this annual report. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether to reflect events or circumstances
after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, conditions, or circumstances, except as required by law.
In addition, certain sections of this annual report contain information obtained from independent industry sources and other sources
that we have not independently verified. 

Unless
otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, all references in this annual report to the terms Omega Flex, the
 Company, us, we , and our refer to Omega Flex, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 

PART
I 

Item
1 - BUSINESS 

Overview
of the Company 

The
Company is a leading manufacturer of flexible metal hose, which is used in a variety of ways to carry gases and liquids within their
particular applications. Some of the more prominent uses include: 

carrying
 fuel gases within residential and commercial buildings; 

carrying
 gasoline and diesel gasoline products (both above and below the ground) in a double containment piping to contain any possible leaks,
 which is used in automotive and marina refueling, and fueling for back-up generation; 

using
 copper-alloy corrugated piping in medical or health care facilities to carry medical gases (oxygen, nitrogen, vacuum) or pure gases
 for pharmaceutical applications; and 

industrial
 applications where the customer requires the piping to have both a degree of flexibility and/or an ability to carry corrosive compounds
 or mixtures, or to carry at both very high and very low (cryogenic) temperatures. 

The
Company s business is managed as a single operating segment that consists of the manufacture and sale of flexible metal hose (also
described as corrugated tubing), as well as the sale of the Company s related proprietary fittings and a vast array of accessories. 

The
Company manufactures flexible metal hose at its facilities in Exton, Pennsylvania, and Houston, Texas in the United States (U.S.), and
in Banbury, Oxfordshire in the United Kingdom (U.K.). The Company primarily sells its products through distributors, wholesalers and
to original equipment manufacturers OEMs throughout North America and Europe, and to a lesser extent other global markets. 

- 3 - 

Industry
Overview 

The
flexible metal hose industry is highly fragmented and diverse, with more than 10 companies producing flexible metal hose in the U.S.,
and at least that many in Europe and Asia. Because of its simple and ubiquitous nature, flexible metal hose has been applied to a number
of different applications across a broad range of industries. 

The
major market categories for flexible metallic hose include (1) automotive, (2) aerospace, (3) residential, commercial, and institutional
construction, and (4) general industrial. Omega Flex participates in the latter two markets for flexible metallic hose. The residential
and commercial construction markets utilize corrugated stainless steel tubing (CSST) primarily for flexible gas piping, double containment
piping for conveying diesel fuel and gasoline from a storage tank to a dispenser or back-up generator. The Company utilizes corrugated
copper tubing for medical gases in medical care facilities, including hospitals, clinics, dental and veterinary offices, and long-term
care facilities. The general industrial market includes all the processing industries, the most important of which include primary steel,
petrochemical, pharmaceutical, and specialty applications for the transfer of fluids at both extremely low and high temperatures, (such
as the conveying of cryogenic liquids) and a highly fragmented OEM market, as well as the maintenance and repair market. 

None
of our competitors appear to be dominant in more than one market. We are a leading supplier of flexible metal hose in each of the markets
in which we participate. Our assessment of our overall competitive position is based on several factors. The flexible gas piping market
in the U.S. is currently concentrated in the residential housing market. Based on the reports issued by the national trade groups on
housing construction, the level of acceptance of flexible gas piping in the construction market, and the average usage of flexible gas
piping in a residential building, we believe that we can estimate with a reasonable level of accuracy the size of the total gas piping
market. In addition, the Company is a member of an industry trade group comprised of the largest manufacturers of CSST in the U.S., which
compiles and distributes sales volume statistics for its members relative to flexible gas piping. Based on our sales and the statistics
described above, the Company believes it can estimate its position within that market. For other applications, industry trade groups
collect, and report data related to these markets, and we can then compare and estimate our status within that group as a whole. In addition,
the customer base for the products that we sell, and the identity of the manufacturers aligned with those customers is fairly well known,
which again allows the Company to extract information and estimate its market position. Lastly, the term leading implies
a host of factors other than sales volume and market share position. It includes the range and capability of the product line, history
of product development and new product launches, all of which information is in the public domain. Based on all this information, the
Company is reasonably confident that it is indeed a leader in the major market segments in which it participates. 

Development
of Business 

Incorporated
in 1975 under the name of Tofle America, Inc., the Company was originally established as the subsidiary of a Japanese manufacturer of
flexible metal hose. For a number of years, the Company was a manufacturer of flexible metal hose that was sold primarily to customers
using the hose for incorporation into finished assemblies for industrial applications. The Company later changed its name to Omega Flex,
Inc., and in 1996, the Company was acquired by Mestek, Inc. (Mestek). 

In
January 2005, Mestek announced its intention to distribute its equity ownership in our common stock to Mestek shareholders. A registration
statement for the Omega Flex common stock was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and the registration
statement was declared effective on July 22, 2005. The Company also listed its common stock on the NASDAQ National Market (now the NASDAQ
Global Market) under the stock symbol OFLX and began public trading of the common stock on August 1, 2005. 

Over
the years, most of the Company s business has been concentrated in North America, but the Company also has foreign subsidiaries
located in the U.K. and France, which are largely focused on European and other international markets. The Company also has a U.S. subsidiary
which owns the Company s Exton, Pennsylvania real estate. 

- 4 - 

Overview
of Current Business 

Strategy 

The
Company s strategy has been, and continues to be, focused on its core strengths in the development, manufacture, and sale of flexible
metal hose for use in a variety of applications. The Company is uniquely situated to exploit its capabilities in this area due to its
long experience in engineering and bringing new products to market, and its proprietary rotary process, which permits the Company to
manufacture flexible metal hose with superior quality and efficiency as compared to its competitors. The Company s strategy is
to develop flexible metal products in new and developing markets that would recognize and compensate for the value-added propositions
that each product brings to that industry. Typically, this would involve a new flexible metal hose that replaces traditional rigid products,
and thereby improve the quality of the installed product, increase installation efficiency, and provide an overall cost and time savings.
Examples of such new products are our flexible gas piping sold under the TracPipe CounterStrike trademarks,
our new MediTrac corrugated medical gas tubing, and our DoubleTrac double-containment piping. In each
instance, the products we bring to market offers customers superior quality, expanded applications due to the product s flexibility,
and reduced total costs. The Company seeks to protect its investments in product development by seeking and obtaining patent protection
for new and unique features of its products. 

Sales,
Products and Customers 

We
sell our products to customers scattered across a wide and diverse set of industries ranging from construction to pharmaceutical with
close to 10,400 customers on record. These sales channels include sales through independent sales representatives, distributors, OEM,
and direct sales. We utilize various distribution companies in the sale of our TracPipe and Counterstrike flexible
gas piping, and these distribution customers in the aggregate represent a significant portion of our business. In particular, the Company
has one significant distribution customer, whose various branches had sales in the range of 12 to 13 of total sales during the periods
of 2020 to 2022 and was in the range of 7 to 19 of the Company s accounts receivable balance over the last two years. All of
this business is done on a purchase order basis for immediate resale commitments or stocking, and there are no long-term purchase commitments.
In the event we were to lose an account, we would not expect any long-term reduction in our sales due to the broad end-user acceptance
of our products. We would anticipate that in the event of a loss of any one or more distributors, that after an initial transition period,
the sales of our products would resume at or near their historical levels. Furthermore, in the case of certain national distribution
chains, which is the case regarding the Company s largest customer noted above, and other distributors, it is possible that there
would continue to be purchasing activity from one or more regional or branch distribution customers. We sell our products within North
America, primarily in the U.S. and Canada, and we also sell our products internationally, primarily in Europe through our manufacturing
facility located in Banbury, U.K. Our sales outside of North America were in the range of 5 to 7 of our total sales during the last
three years, with most of the sales occurring in the U.K. and elsewhere in Europe. We do not have a material portion of our long-lived
assets located outside of the U.S. 

As
mentioned previously, we sell our products primarily through independent outside sales organizations, including independent sales representatives,
distributors, fabricating distributors, wholesalers, and OEMs. We have a limited internal sales function that sells our products to key
accounts, including OEMs and distributors of bulk hose. We believe that within each geographic market in which the independent sales
representative, distributor or wholesaler is located that our outside sales organizations are the first or second most successful outside
sales organization for the particular product line within that geographic area. 

TracPipe 

The
Company has had the most success within the residential construction industry with its flexible gas piping products, TracPipe ,
which was introduced in 1997, and its more robust counterpart TracPipe CounterStrike , which came to market
in 2004. Partnered with the development of our AutoFlare and AutoSnap fittings and accessories, both
have enjoyed wide acceptance due to their reliability and durability. Within the residential construction industry, the flexible gas
piping products that we offer, and similar products offered by our competitors have sought to overcome the use of black iron pipe that
has traditionally been used by the construction industry in the U.S. and Canada for the piping of fuel gases within a building. Prior
to the introduction of the first CSST system in 1989, nearly all construction in the U.S. and Canada used traditional black iron pipe
for gas piping. However, the advantages of CSST in areas subject to high incidence and likelihood of seismic events had been first demonstrated
in Japan. In seismic testing, the CSST was shown to withstand the stresses on a piping system created by the shifting and movement of
an earthquake better than rigid pipe. The advantages of CSST over the traditional black iron pipe also include lower overall installation
costs because it can be installed in long uninterrupted lines within the building. 

- 5 - 

The
flexibility of the tube allows it to be bent by hand without any tools when a change in direction in the line is required. In contrast,
black iron pipe requires that each bend in the pipe have a separate fitting attached. This requires the installer to thread the ends
of the black iron pipe, apply an adhesive to the threads, and then screw on the fitting, all of which is labor intensive and costly,
including testing and rework if the work is not done properly. As a result of these advantages, the Company estimates that CSST now commands
over one-half of the market for fuel gas piping in new and remodeled residential construction in the U.S., and the use of rigid iron
pipe, and to a lesser degree copper tubing, accounts for the remainder of the market. The Company plans to continue its growth trend
by demonstrating its advantages against other technologies, in both the residential and commercial markets, in both the U.S. and overseas
in geographic areas that have access to natural gas distribution systems. 

CounterStrike 

As
previously mentioned, in 2004, the Company introduced a new brand of flexible gas piping sold under the registered trademark CounterStrike .
CounterStrike is designed to be more resistant to damage from transient electrical arcing. In a lightning strike, the
electrical energy of the lightning can energize all metal systems and components in a building. This electrical energy, in attempting
to reach ground, may arc between metal systems that have different electrical resistance, and arcing can cause damage to the metal systems.
In standard CSST systems, an electrical bond between the CSST and the building s grounding electrode would address this issue,
but lightning is an extremely powerful and unpredictable force. CounterStrike CSST is designed to be electrically conductive
and therefore disperse the energy of any electrical charge over the entire surface of the CounterStrike line. In 2007,
the Company introduced a new version of CounterStrike CSST that was tested to be even more resistant to damage from electrical
arcing than the original version, and substantially more effective than standard CSST products. As a result of its robust performance,
the new version of CounterStrike has been widely accepted in the market, and thus during 2011, the Company made the decision
to sell exclusively CounterStrike within the U.S. This move demonstrated the Company s commitment to innovation
and safety, and further enhanced its leadership in the marketplace. 

DoubleTrac 

In
2008, the Company introduced its first double containment piping product DoubleTrac . DoubleTrac 
double containment piping has earned stringent industry certifications for its ability to safely contain and convey liquid fuels. DoubleTrac 
 received certification from Underwriters Laboratory, the testing and approval agency, that our product is fully compliant with
UL 971A, which is the product standard in the U.S. for metallic underground fuel piping, ULc S679 which is the product standard in Canada
for metallic underground fuel piping, as well as approvals from other relevant state agencies that have more stringent testing procedures
for the product. Additionally, DoubleTrac is fully compliant with UL 1369, which is the bi-national USA and Canada standard for
aboveground piping for flammable and combustible liquids. DoubleTrac is one of a select few piping systems having listings and approvals
for both belowground and aboveground piping systems. Similar to our flexible gas piping, DoubleTrac provides advantages
over older rigid pipe technologies. DoubleTrac is made and can be installed in long continuous runs, eliminating the
need for manually assembling rigid pipe junctions at the end of a pipe or at a turn in direction. In addition, DoubleTrac 
has superior performance in terms of its ability to safely convey fuel from the storage tank to the dispenser, primarily because DoubleTrac 
 is essentially a zero permeation piping system, far exceeding the most stringent government regulations. Originally designed for
applications involving automotive fueling stations running from the storage tank to the fuel dispenser, the ability of DoubleTrac 
 to handle a variety of installation challenges has broadened its applications to include refueling at marinas, fuel lines for back-up
generators, and corrosive liquids at waste treatment plants. In short, in applications where double containment piping is required to
handle potentially contaminating fluids or corrosive fluids, DoubleTrac is engineered to handle those demanding applications. 

- 6 - 

DEF-Trac 

DEF-Trac ,
a complementary product which is very similar to DoubleTrac , was brought to the marketplace in 2011. DEF-Trac 
 piping is specifically engineered to handle the demanding requirements for diesel emissions fluid (DEF). Federal regulations require
all diesel engines to use DEF to reduce the particulate contaminants from the diesel combustion process. However, DEF is highly corrosive
and cannot be pre-mixed with diesel fuel. This requires that new diesel trucks and automobiles must have separate tanks built into the
vehicle so that the diesel emissions fluid can be injected into the catalytic converter after the point of combustion. Similarly, a large
portion of fueling stations carrying diesel fuel are now also selling DEF through a separate dispenser. In addition to being highly corrosive,
DEF also has a high freezing temperature, requiring a heat trace in the piping in applications in northern areas of the U.S. DEF-Trac 
 flexible piping is uniquely suited to handle all of these challenges, as the stainless steel inner core is corrosion resistant,
and DEF-Trac also comes with options for heat trace that is extruded directly into the wall of the product. In summary,
DEF-Trac provides a complete solution to the demanding requirements of this unique application, as such, DEF-Trac 
 has been met with wide acceptance from the industry that was searching for a solution to the new environmental requirement. The
advantageous market position of DEF-Trac has leveraged the penetration of DoubleTrac into the broader
market for automotive fueling applications. 

AutoSnap 

In
September 2013, the Company announced that it would be releasing a newly developed fitting, AutoSnap , as part of its
flexible gas piping product line. After successfully completing all required testing by independent testing agencies, as well as extensive
field trials across the U.S. by trained TracPipe CounterStrike installers, AutoSnap was
officially introduced to the market in January 2014 to wide acceptance. With its patent-pending design, the product simplified the installation
process, and addressed installer preferences for both speed and ease of installation. The AutoSnap fitting now commands
a significant portion of the Company s fittings demand. 

MediTrac 

In
2019, the Company commercialized MediTrac , corrugated medical tubing CMT ), following its 2018 launch with
several beta sites. Developed for the healthcare industry, the product can be used in hospitals, ambulatory care centers, dental, physician
and veterinary clinics, laboratories, and any facility that uses medical gases (oxygen, nitrogen, carbon dioxide, etc.). Made from a
copper alloy with an exterior fire-retardant jacket, MediTrac is made and sold in long continuous-length rolls. MediTrac s
flexible nature and storage in rolls allows it to be transported to and installed in health care facilities much more easily and quickly
than traditional medical grade rigid copper pipe, which comes in 20 foot long sections. MediTrac is unrolled from a spool
and installed in a medical facility in one long continuous length and is bent by hand when a change in direction is needed. The long
lengths and ability to change direction with ease eliminates labor that would otherwise be needed to braze connections to straight sections
of copper pipe or elbows or tees for changes in direction, while increasing installation efficiency and operational safety and minimizing
downtime for healthcare facilities. Easy to assemble axial swaged brass fittings connect with all K, L and DWV medical tubing that is
sized from to 2 in diameter and provides a leak-tight seal using ordinary hand tools. The patent-pending fitting
also prevents tampering or disassembly using a tamper-proof sleeve that is required by the Health Care Facilities Code (NFPA 99 
2018 edition). Rated at 185 psig, MediTrac can deliver the necessary volume of gas wherever it is needed across a facility.
A recent case study comparing the installation of rigid copper pipe and MediTrac showed that MediTrac 
increases installation efficiency by a factor of five (i.e., a 500 increase in efficiency). By reducing the number of joints and brazed
connections, MediTrac also reduces possible contamination into the medical gas system along with the fire risk associated
with brazing. MediTrac is currently listed at UL 1365 and has an ASTM E84 rating of 25/50 and meets all 2018 requirements
of the Health Care Facilities Code (NFPA 99 2018). MediTrac also meets Canadian standard Z7396.1, Medical Gas
Pipeline Systems. 

In
2020, the MediTrac product line experienced significant growth in use and acceptance in the marketplace resulting from
its ability to be quickly and safely installed to meet the unprecedented crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Numerous medical institutions
and emergency medical centers used MediTrac CMT to quickly install medical gas lines in tent hospitals or in converted
facilities to handle the surging demand. For example, MediTrac medical gas piping was installed in a City of New York
temporary hospital located in Central Park and in the Cleveland Clinic for patients with COVID-19 infections and in need of supplemental
oxygen treatments. On September 25, 2020, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) issued a waiver allowing the use of
CMT in new and existing healthcare facilities based on the provisions in NFPA 99 2018, allowing MediTrac to be
installed in all facilities in the U.S. 

- 7 - 

Additional
Market Applications 

In
addition to the flexible gas piping and other previously described markets, our flexible metal hose is used in a wide variety of other
applications. Our involvement in these markets is important because just as the flexible gas piping applications have sprung from our
expertise in manufacturing metal hose, other applications may also evolve from our participation in the industry. Flexible metal hose
is used in a wide variety of industrial and processing applications where the characteristics of the flexible hose in terms of its flexibility,
and its ability to absorb vibration and thermal expansion and contraction, have substantial benefits over rigid piping. For example,
in certain pharmaceutical processing applications, the process of developing the specific pharmaceutical may require rapid freezing of
various compounds through the use of liquefied gases, such as liquefied nitrogen, helium or hydrofluorocarbons. The use of flexible metal
tubing is particularly appropriate in these types of applications. Flexible metal hose can accommodate the thermal expansion caused by
the liquefied gases carried through the hose, and the total length of the hose will not significantly vary. In contrast, fixed or rigid
metal pipe would expand and contract along its length as the liquid gases passed through it, causing stresses on the pipe junctions that
would over time cause fatigue and failure. Alternatively, within certain industrial or commercial applications using steam, either as
a heat source or in the industrial process itself, the pumps used to transfer the liquid or steam within the system are subject to varying
degrees of vibration. Additionally, flexible metal hoses can also be used as connections between the pump and the intake of the fluids
being transferred to eliminate the vibration effects of the pumps on the piping transfer system. All of these areas provide opportunities
for the flexible metal hose arena, and thus the Company continues to participate in these markets, as it seeks new innovative solutions
which will generate additional revenue streams for the future. 

In
each instance, whether the application is for CSST for fuel gases, flexible metal hose for handling specialty chemicals or gases, flexible
double containment piping, unique industrial applications requiring the ability to withstand wide variations in temperature and vibration,
or copper alloyed CMT for medical facilities, all of our success rests on our metal hose. Most of our flexible metal hoses range in diameter
from 1/4 to 2 while certain applications require diameters of up to 16 . All of our smaller diameter pipe (2 
inner diameter and smaller) are made by a proprietary process that is known as the rotary process. The proprietary process that we use
to manufacture our annular hose is the result of a long-term development effort begun in 1995. Through continuous improvement over the
years, we have developed and fine-tuned the process so that we can manufacture annular flexible metal hose on a high speed, continuous
process. We believe that our own rotary process for manufacturing annular corrugated metal hose is the most cost efficient method in
the industry, and that our rotary process provides us with a significant advantage in many of the industries in which we participate.
As a result, we can provide our product on a demand basis. Over the years, the Company has had great success in achieving on-time delivery
performance to the scheduled ship date. The quick inventory turnover reduces our costs for in-process inventory, and further contributes
to our gross profit levels. We have also improved our productivity on a historical basis. 

Markets
and Competition 

There
are approximately 10 manufacturers of flexible metal hose in the U.S., and approximately that number in Europe and Asia. The U.S. manufacturers
include Titeflex Corporation, Ward Manufacturing, Microflex Inc., Hose Master, Pennflex, and several smaller privately held companies.
No one manufacturer, as a general rule, participates in more than two of the major market categories, automotive, aerospace, residential
and commercial construction, and general industrial, with most concentrating on just one. We estimate that we are at or near the top
position of the two major categories in which we participate regarding market share. In the flexible gas piping market, the U.S. market
is currently concentrated in the residential housing market. Based on the reports issued by the national trade groups on housing construction,
the level of acceptance of flexible gas piping in the construction market, and the average usage of flexible gas piping in a residential
building, as well as through our sales position within that market, we can estimate with a high level of accuracy the size of the total
gas piping market. In addition, the Company is a member of an industry trade group, which compiles and distributes sales statistics for
its members relative to flexible gas piping. For other applications, industry trade groups collect and report on the size of the relevant
market, and we can estimate our percentage of the relevant market based on our sales as compared to the market as a whole. The larger
of our two markets, the construction industry, has seen a modest decrease in the number of residential housing starts in 2022, as compared
to the previous year. As discussed elsewhere, black iron pipe or copper tubing was historically used by all builders of commercial and
residential buildings until the advent of flexible gas piping and changes in the relevant building codes. Since that time, flexible gas
piping has taken an increasing share of the total amount of fuel gas piping used in construction. 

- 8 - 

Due
to the number of applications in which flexible metal hose may be used, and the number of companies engaged in the manufacture and sale
of flexible metal hose, the general industrial market is very fragmented, and we estimate that no one company has a predominant market
share of the business over other competitors. In the market for double containment piping, we compete primarily against rigid pipe systems
that are more costly to install than DoubleTrac double containment piping. For medical tubing applications, the main
competitor is medical grade (Type K or Type L) rigid copper pipe. MediTrac is the only corrugated medical tubing in the
U.S. that is approved to the stringent requirements of UL 1365. The general industrial markets within Europe are very mature and tend
to offer opportunities that are interesting to us in niche markets or during periods in which a weak dollar increases the demand for
our products on a competitive basis. Such has been the case for several years and has created new relationships for us. Currently, we
are not heavily engaged in the manufacture of flexible metal hose for the aerospace or automotive markets, but we continue to review
opportunities in all markets for our products to determine appropriate applications that will provide growth potential and high margins.
In some cases, where the product offering is considered a commodity, price is the overriding competing factor. In other cases, a proprietary
product offering, or superior performance will be the major factors with pricing being secondary, and in some cases, a non-factor. Most
of our sales are to distributors and wholesalers, and our relationships with these customers are on an arms-length basis in that neither
we nor the customers are so dependent on the other to yield any significant business advantage. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies,
under Significant Concentrations, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for additional details. From our perspective,
we can maintain a steady demand for our products due to broad acceptance of our products by end users, regardless of which distributor
or wholesaler sells the product. 

Resources
and Raw Materials 

We
use various materials in the manufacture of our products, primarily stainless steel for our flexible metal hose and plastics for our
jacketing material on TracPipe CounterStrike flexible gas piping and DoubleTrac double
containment piping, as well as a copper alloy for our MediTrac CMT. We also purchase all of our proprietary fittings
for use with the TracPipe and CounterStrike flexible gas piping, DoubleTrac double containment
piping, and MediTrac CMT. Although we have multiple sources qualified for all of our major raw materials and components,
we have historically used only one to three sources of supply for such raw materials and components. Our current orders for stainless
steel and fittings are each placed with one or two suppliers. If any one of these sources of supply were interrupted for any reason,
then we would have to devote additional time and expense to obtain the same volume of supply from our other qualified sources. This potential
transition, if it were to occur, could affect our operations and financial results during the period of such transition. During 2022,
the commodity price of nickel was significantly higher, and copper was lower compared to last year. Nickel is a prime material in stainless
steel which the Company utilizes to manufacture CSST, and copper is a key component of the Company s brass fittings and our MediTrac 
 CMT. Fortunately, the Company was able to maintain reasonably stable margins during 2022. This was mainly accomplished by implementing
our own pricing actions to help offset the upward movements in the respective material markets. We believe that with our purchase commitments
for stainless steel, polyethylene and for our proprietary fittings, we have adequate sources of supply for these raw materials and components.
Like most other manufacturers, we had sporadic supply chain issues in 2022, but we believe our multiple suppliers have sufficient raw
materials and capacity minimizing any potential disruption. We believe that the supply sufficiency of stainless steel will continue until
there is a reduction in global capacity, such as mine closures, which would then cause constriction. Volatility in the commodities marketplace
and competitive conditions in the sale of our products could potentially restrict us from passing along raw materials or component part
price increases to our customers. 

Business
Seasonality 

The
demand for our flexible piping products that are related to construction activity including TracPipe , Counterstrike ,
DoubleTrac and MediTrac , may be affected by the construction industry s demand, which generally
tightens during the winter months of each year due to cold and inclement weather. Accordingly, sales are usually higher in the spring,
summer, and fall. 

- 9 - 

Government
Regulations, Including Environmental Regulations 

The
Company believes that its businesses and operations, including its manufacturing plants and equipment, are in substantial compliance
with all applicable government laws and regulations, including those related to environmental, consumer protection, international trade,
labor and employment, human rights, tax, anti-bribery, and competition matters. Any additional measures to maintain compliance are not
expected to materially affect the Company s capital expenditures (including expenditures for environmental control facilities),
competitive position, financial position, or results of operations. 

Various
legislative and administrative regulations applicable to the Company in the matters noted above have become effective or are under consideration
in many parts of the world. To date, such developments have not had a substantial adverse impact on the Company. However, if new or amended
laws or regulations impose significant operational restrictions and compliance requirements upon the Company or its products, the Company s
business, capital expenditures, results of operations, financial condition and competitive position could be negatively impacted. Refer
to Item 1A. Risk Factors for further information. 

Human
Capital 

We
believe that our employees are the foundation of the innovative ideas necessary for the advancement of our products, and success of our
Company. Our employees are the conduits to successful relationships with our customers, vendors, and various business partners, as well
as the custodians of the safe and efficient operation of our assets ending with a highly satisfied customer. The Company fosters a collaborative,
inclusive, and safety-minded work environment, with a focus on ingenuity. We seek to identify the most highly qualified talent for our
organization, enabling us to execute our strategic objectives of providing the most innovative and technologically advanced flexible
metal hose products on the market. To attract and retain employees, the Company offers competitive wages across all levels, and maintains
a superior package of employee benefits, including medical insurance, life insurance, and retirement and savings programs, for all employees,
as well as executive compensation plans as described in our proxy statement. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had 177 employees. Most of our employees are located in our manufacturing facilities in Exton, Pennsylvania,
which contain our factory personnel, engineering, finance, human resources and most of our sales staff. Our factory workforce in Exton,
Pennsylvania, is not party to a collective bargaining agreement. A small number of employees work at our facility in Houston, Texas.
We also maintain an office in Middletown, Connecticut where certain management, sales and administrative personnel are assigned. A number
of individual sales personnel are also scattered across the U.S. We also maintain a manufacturing facility in Banbury, U.K., which contains
employees of similar functions to those in the U.S., but on a much smaller scale, as well as a small presence in France. The sales personnel
in England and France handle all sales and service for our products in Europe, most notably the U.K., and most of our transactions with
other international territories. 

We
are committed to fostering a work environment in which all employees treat each other with dignity and respect. This commitment extends
to providing equal employment and advancement opportunities based on merit and experience. We continually strive to attract a diverse
workforce by partnering with local organizations to identify potential candidates to advance and strengthen our human capital management
program. 

- 10 - 

Intellectual
Property 

We
have a comprehensive portfolio of intellectual property, including approximately 123 patents issued in various countries around the world.
During 2022, the Company allowed some patents to lapse in countries where warranted by market conditions, in particular, where the likelihood
of entering the market is remote. Our active patents cover (a) pre-sleeved CSST for use in underground applications, (b) an electrically
conductive jacket for flexible gas piping that we sell under the trademark CounterStrike , (c) a tubing containment system
for our DoubleTrac double containment piping, and (d) fittings for use with our MediTrac corrugated medical tubing.
Our patent-pending AutoSnap fitting is a prominently used product with flexible gas piping because it offers a metal-to-metal
seal between the fitting and the tubing, and because of its robustness and ease of use. The metal-to-metal contact provides for a longer
lasting and more reliable seal than fittings which use gaskets or sealing compounds that can deteriorate over time. In applications involving
fuel gases in a building, the ability to maintain the seal and prevent the leaking of such gases over long periods of time is valued
by our customers. In addition, the AutoSnap fitting provides the installer with greater ease of use by preassembling
all the securing elements inside the body of the fitting. We also have a patent for the composition of the polyethylene jacket used in
the prior version of CounterStrike flexible gas piping product, which has increased ability to dissipate electrical energy
in the event of a nearby lightning strike. The tubing containment system of our DoubleTrac double containment piping,
which is also patented in the U.S. and in other countries, allows for the monitoring and collection of any liquids that may leak from
the stainless steel containment layer. We have filed patent applications for the MediTrac fittings to cover the unique
requirements in the U.S. for fittings that permanently affix the fitting to the CMT system and provides a tamper-proof connection to
the CMT system. Several patents covering the prior version of the Counterstrike jacket will expire in 2024. We currently
have several patent applications pending in the U.S. and internationally covering our AutoSnap fittings and improvements
to our CounterStrike polyethylene jacket. Finally, and as mentioned above, our unique rotary process for manufacturing
flexible metal hose has been developed over a number of years and constitutes a valuable trade secret. 

Available
Information 

You
may learn more about our Company by visiting our website at www.omegaflex.com. Among other things, you can access our filings with the
SEC on our website free of charge. These filings include proxy statements, annual reports (Form 10-K), quarterly reports (Form 10-Q),
and current reports (Form 8-K), as well as Section 16 reports filed by our officers and directors (Forms 3, 4 and 5). All of these reports
will be available on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after we file the reports with the SEC. In addition, we have made
available on our website under the heading Compliance the charters for the Audit, Compensation and Nominating/Governance
Committees of our Board of Directors and our Code of Business Ethics. We intend to make available on our website any future amendments
or waivers to our Code of Business Ethics. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that also contains the Company s various
reports, proxy, and information statements and other filings. The information contained on or accessible through the websites referred
to above is not incorporated by reference in, or otherwise a part of, this annual report, and any references to these websites are intended
to be inactive textual references only. 

- 11 - 

Item
1A RISK FACTORS 

You
should carefully consider the following risk factors and all the other information contained in this annual report in evaluating our
business and investment in our common stock. We have not disclosed general risk factors that may be applicable to any for-profit organization,
such as general economic conditions, interest rates, labor supply and technological changes. If any of these risks occur, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the market price of
our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known
to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also materially harm our business, operating results and financial condition and could
result in a complete loss of your investment. 

Risk
Relating to Our Business Sales and Competition 

We
are primarily dependent on one product line for most of our sales. 

Most
of the Company s sales are derived from the sale of TracPipe and CounterStrike flexible gas piping
systems, including Autoflare and AutoSnap fittings and a variety of accessories. Sales of our flexible
metal hose for other applications represent a small portion of our overall sales and income. Any event or circumstance that adversely
affects our TracPipe or CounterStrike flexible gas piping could have a greater impact on our business
and financial results than if our business were more evenly distributed across several different product lines. The effects of such an
adverse event or circumstance would be magnified in terms of our Company as a whole as compared to one or more competitors whose product
lines may be more diversified, or who are not as reliant on the sales generated by their respective flexible gas piping products. Therefore,
risks relating to our TracPipe and CounterStrike flexible gas piping business in particular,
loss of distributors or sales channels, technological changes, loss of our key personnel involved in the flexible gas piping product
line, increases in commodity prices, particularly in stainless steel, copper, and polyethylene could damage our business, competitive
position, results of operations or financial condition. 

We
face intense competition in all our markets. 

The
markets for flexible metal hose are intensely competitive. There are a number of competitors in all markets in which we operate, and
generally none of these markets have one dominant competitor rather a large number of competitors exist, each having a proportion
of the total market. One or more of our competitors may develop technologies and products that are more effective, or which may cost
less than our current or future products or could potentially render our products noncompetitive or obsolete. Our prior success has been
due to our ability to develop new products and product improvements and establish and maintain an effective distribution network which
to some extent came at the expense of several competing manufacturers. Our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial
condition could be negatively impacted if we are unable to maintain and develop our competitive products. 

We
may not retain our independent sales organizations. 

Almost
all the Company s products and product lines are sold by outside sales organizations. These independent sales organizations or
sales representatives are geographically dispersed in certain territorial markets across the U.S., Canada and elsewhere. These outside
sales organizations are independent of us and are typically owned by the individual principals of such firms. We enter into agreements
with such outside sales organizations for the exclusive representation or distribution of our products, but such agreements are generally
terminable on short notice. At the expiration of the agreement, the agent or distributor may elect to represent a different manufacturer.
As a result, we have no ability to control which flexible metal hose manufacturer any such sales organization may represent or carry.
The competition to retain quality outside sales organizations is also intense between manufacturers of flexible metal hose since it is
these sales organizations that generally can direct the sales volume to distributors and, ultimately, contractors and installers in important
markets across the country, and in other countries in which we operate. The failure to obtain the best outside sales organization within
a particular geographic market can limit our ability to generate sales of our products. While we currently have a fully developed sales
and distribution network of superior outside sales organizations, there can be no assurance that any one or more of the outside sales
organizations will elect to remain with us, or that our competitors will not be able to disrupt our distribution network by causing one
or more of our sales representatives to drop our product lines. Our business, competitive position, results of operation or financial
condition could be negatively impacted if we cannot maintain adequate sales and distribution networks. 

- 12 - 

We
are dependent on certain sales channels for a significant portion of our business. 

Of
the various sales channels that we use to sell our products, a significant portion of such sales are made through our wholesale stocking
distributors. These and other distributors purchase our products, and stock the goods in warehouses for resale, either to their own local
branches or to end users. Because of the breadth and penetration of the distribution networks, and the range of complementary products
they offer for sale, these wholesale distributors are able to sell large amounts of our products to end users across the U.S. and Canada.
The decision by a major wholesaler distributor to stop distributing our products such as TracPipe and CounterStrike 
 flexible gas piping, and to distribute a competitive flexible gas piping product, could significantly affect our business, competitive
position, results of operations or financial condition. 

Certain
of our competitors may have greater resources, or they may acquire greater resources. 

Some
of our competitors have substantially more resources than are available to us as a stand-alone company. For example, in the CSST market,
two of our competitors are divisions of large corporations with revenues measured in the billions of dollars. These competitors may be
able to devote substantially greater resources to the development, manufacture, distribution, and sale of their products than would be
available to us as a stand-alone company. One or more competitors may acquire several other competitors, or may be acquired by a larger
entity, and through a combination of resources be able to devote additional resources to their businesses. These additional resources
could be devoted to product development, reduced costs in an effort to obtain market share, greater flexibility in terms of profit margin
as part of a larger business organization, increased investment in plant, machinery, distribution and sales concessions. As a stand-alone
company, the resources that may be devoted by us to meet any potential developments by larger, well-financed competitors may be limited. 

Our
business may be subject to the impact of Brexit. 

The
Company s main operating subsidiary outside of the U.S., Omega Flex Limited, is headquartered in Banbury, England in the U.K. The
result of the referendum held by the U.K. to withdraw from the European Union Brexit had created a level of uncertainty
regarding the final terms of that withdrawal for a number of years, until an agreement was reached on December 24, 2020, by the U.K.
and the European Union. While an agreement was reached, uncertainty still exists, and adherence to the new rules regarding border and
customs controls could increase costs on materials imported into the U.K. and finished goods exported from the U.K. In addition, it is
possible that logistical delays created by those controls could delay shipments of materials and supplies into the Banbury manufacturing
plant and could also affect our ability to ship goods to customers outside of the U.K., into the European Union, Africa, and the Near
East. Most of the business of Omega Flex Limited is within the U.K. and should therefore not be unduly disrupted. However, the macroeconomic
effects of Brexit on the economies of the U.K. and the European Union remain partially unknown, and those effects could dampen economic
activity and the overall demand for the Company s products in those markets. However, it is not expected that increased costs,
logistical delays, nor possible economic declines in those markets would be material to the Company. 

Our
business may be subject to macroeconomic effects caused by increased trade tariffs and reduced international trade. 

Recent
events have caused various governments around the world to impose increased trade tariffs on imported goods. These increased tariffs
may cause the cost of materials to rise and may add additional expense on exported goods. However, the Company does not believe that
increased tariffs will materially affect the Company s sales or gross profits, as most of the raw materials and supplies used to
manufacture our products are sourced domestically in the U.S. Further, exports of our flexible gas piping products from our Exton, Pennsylvania
facility are primarily to Canada, which recently agreed to a revised North American trade treaty, and to a lesser extent to the Caribbean
and South America. Sales to Europe, Asia and Africa are primarily handled from our Banbury, England facility, which are not affected
by U.S. trade tariffs and retaliatory tariffs but may be subject to other constraints as discussed in the Brexit risk factor,
above. 

- 13 - 

Our
international sales subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

During
2022, we derived 5 of our revenue from sales to customers located outside the U.S. Our ability to convince customers to expand their
use of our products or renew their agreements with us is directly correlated to our direct engagement with such customers. To the extent
that we are unable to engage with non-U.S. customers effectively, we may be unable to grow sales to international customers to the same
degree we have experienced in the past. 

Our
international operations are subject to a variety of risks and challenges, including: 

general
 economic or geopolitical conditions in each country or region; 

the
 effects of a widespread outbreak of an illness or disease, or any other public health crisis, including the COVID-19 pandemic, in
 each country or region; 

economic
 uncertainty around the world; and 

compliance
 with laws and regulations imposed on foreign operations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act,
 import and export control laws, tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our
 ability to sell our products in certain foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance. 

For
example, in response to the continuing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the U.S. has imposed and may further impose, and other countries
may additionally impose, broad sanctions or other restrictive actions against governmental and other entities in Russia, and such sanctions
or actions could cut off or impede the flow of raw materials for our products, including minerals, such as nickel, that are used in our
stainless steel and copper alloys. Additionally, further escalation of geopolitical tensions could have a broader impact that extends
into other markets where we do business. Any of these risks could adversely affect our international sales, reduce our international
revenues, or increase our operating costs, adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and operating results. 

Risk
Relating to Our Business Manufacturing and Operations 

Our
manufacturing plants may be damaged, destroyed or disrupted. 

The
majority of the Company s manufacturing capacity is currently located in Exton, Pennsylvania, where we own two manufacturing facilities
which are in close proximity to each other, and in Banbury, England in the U.K. where we rent a manufacturing facility. On a smaller
scale the Company also manufactures products in Houston, Texas. We do not have any operational manufacturing capacity for flexible metal
hose outside of these locations. We cannot replicate our manufacturing methods at a supplier s facility due to the confidential
and proprietary nature of our manufacturing process. If one of the manufacturing facilities were destroyed or damaged in a significant
manner or otherwise disrupted for more than a short time, we would likely experience a delay or some interruption of our flexible metal
hose operations. This could lead to a reduction in sales volume if customers were to purchase their requirements from our competitors,
claims for breach of contract by certain customers with contracts for delivery of flexible metal hose by a certain date, and costs to
replace our destroyed or damaged manufacturing capacity. The fittings and accessories for the flexible metal hose are manufactured for
us by suppliers not located in Exton, Pennsylvania, and the Company also has outside warehouses which contain finished goods inventory.
Disruption of or damage to our supply of these items could damage our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial
condition. 

- 14 - 

We
are dependent on certain raw materials and supplies that could be subject to volatile price escalation . 

As
a manufacturer of flexible metal hose, we must use certain raw materials in the manufacture of the hose. The primary raw material is
stainless steel that is used in the forming of the hose, and various other steel products used in the wire braid overlay over some flexible
metal hoses for additional strength and durability, as well as copper alloy for MediTrac CMT. We also use polyethylene
in pellet form for the forming and extrusion of a polyethylene jacket over CSST for use in fuel gas applications, underground installations,
and other installations that require that the metal hose be isolated from the environment. Finally, we also purchase brass and stainless
steel for our proprietary fittings used with the flexible metal hose that provide a mechanical means of attaching the hose to an assembly
or junction. We attempt to limit the effects of volatile raw material prices, and to ensure adequate and timely supply of material, by
committing to annual purchase contracts for the bulk of our steel and polyethylene requirements, and for our fitting requirements. The
contracts typically represent a significant portion of the Company s annual planned usage and are set at a designated fixed price
or a range of prices. These agreements sometimes require the Company to accept delivery of the commodity in the quantities committed,
at the agreed upon prices. Transactions in excess of the pre-arranged commitments are conducted at current market prices at the Company s
discretion. We have identified multiple qualified vendors to produce or manufacture our critical purchase requirements. The Company does,
however, tend to rely on one to three sources for each or our primary components to leverage the relationship and pricing. Therefore,
there is no assurance that the Company would be able to eliminate all or most of the adverse effects of a sudden increase in the cost
of materials or key components, or that the loss of one or more of our key sources would not lead to higher costs or a disruption in
our business, which could damage our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition. 

If
we were to lose the services of one or more of our senior management team, we may not be able to execute our business strategy. 

Our
future success depends in large part upon the continued service of key members of our senior management team. The senior executives are
critical to the development of our products and our strategic direction and have a keen knowledge of business operations and processes.
Their unique abilities, experience and expertise cannot be easily duplicated or replaced. Although, as much as possible, senior executives
strive to educate and develop other layers of staff for succession planning purposes, and the recent retirement of senior executives
and transition of their roles has gone smoothly, the loss of any of our senior management could seriously harm our business. 

Risk
Relating to Our Business Legal 

Susceptibility
of litigation and significant legal costs or settlements. 

In
the ordinary and normal conduct of the Company s business, it is subject to periodic lawsuits, investigations, and claims (collectively,
the Claims ). The Company has continued to receive repeat pattern Claims relating to our flexible gas piping products, although
the pace of new Claims has generally declined over the last several years. While the Company does not believe the Claims have legal merit,
and has successfully defended itself vigorously against such Claims, there is no guarantee that the pace of claims will not increase
or subside. Any significant increase in the number of Claims, the financial magnitude of Claims brought against the Company, the costs
of defending the Claims, particularly under higher retentions of the Company s current product liability insurance policies, could
have a detrimental and material impact on the Company s business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition. 

If
we are not able to protect our intellectual property rights, we may not be able to compete as effectively. 

We
possess a wide array of intellectual property rights, including patents, trademarks, copyrights, and applications for the above, as well
as trade secrets, manufacturing know-how, and other proprietary information. Certain of these intellectual property rights form the basis
of our competitive advantage in the marketplace through a superior product design, a superior business process, superior manufacturing
methods or other features that provide an advantage over our competitors. Intellectual property rights are sometimes subject to infringement
or misappropriation by other organizations, and failing an amiable resolution, we may be forced to resort to legal proceedings to protect
our rights in such intellectual property. 

- 15 - 

In
the past, the Company has needed to protect itself and resort to legal action, in one instance regarding a trade secret, and other instances
where we sued flexible gas pipe competitors for infringement on one or more of our U.S. patents covering our various piping and/or fitting
products. In each instance, the Company received favorable rulings, thus solidifying the validity of our intellectual property. Although
the Company has had past success, the results we may obtain from resorting to any such legal proceedings are never assured, and it is
possible that an adverse decision may be delivered in any particular proceeding. As a result, we may not be able to retain the exclusive
rights to utilize and practice such intellectual property rights, and one or more of our competitors could utilize and practice such
intellectual property rights. This development may lessen our competitive advantage vis- -vis one or more competitors, and lead
to a reduction in sales volume in one or more product lines, a reduction in profit margin in such product lines, or both, which would
damage our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition. 

Risk
Relating to Our Business General and Macroeconomic 

Our
business may be subject to the supply and availability of fuel gas supplies and infrastructure. 

With
increasing awareness of the effect of human activities on climate change, there has been a focus on transitioning energy and heating
in buildings away from fossil fuels, such as natural gas and liquid propane, mainly to electric. Several municipalities in the U.S. have
announced policy decisions to move away from fossil fuel applications in the future, including prohibiting the new installation of appliances
fueled by natural gas or liquid propane. Although there are significant technical and economic hurdles, it is possible that a large scale
movement, in individual cities and states or on a federal level, away from fossil fuels may increase in the future. Such moves could
reduce the demand for our flexible gas piping products that carry natural gas or liquid propane from the building s meter to the
gas-fired appliance, which represent a major part of the Company s sales and net profits. As a result, it is possible in the future
that proposals to limit or eliminate the use of fossil fuels could adversely impact the financial results of the Company, perhaps materially. 

Our
TracPipe and CounterStrike flexible gas piping products are used to convey fuel gas, primarily natural
gas, but also propane, within a building from the exterior wall of the building to any gas-fired appliances within the building. Because
those products are used in the transmission of fuel gas, the applications are limited to geographic areas where such fuel gas is available.
Certain geographic areas of the U.S. and other countries do not have the infrastructure to make natural gas available. Other types of
fuel gas may be used in areas where there are no natural gas pipelines, but these alternate fuel gas sources have other distribution
issues that may constrict their availability. Our prospects for future growth of the TracPipe and CounterStrike 
 products are largely limited to those areas that have natural gas transmission lines available for use in residences and commercial
buildings. 

We
may substantially increase our debt in the future or be restricted from accessing funds. 

We
are currently not carrying any long-term debt, although the Company has a line of credit facility available for use as described in
Note 6, Line of Credit and Other Borrowings, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. We may consider borrowing funds for
purposes of working capital, capital purchases, research and development, potential acquisitions, and business development. If we do
use credit facilities, interest costs associated with any such borrowings and the terms of the loan could potentially adversely
affect our profitability. Additionally, the current line of credit has debt covenants associated with it which may restrict the
level of borrowing the Company may incur. Lack of access to financing or to reasonable terms could damage our business, competitive
position, results of operations or financial condition. 

Changes
in the method pursuant to which the SOFR rates are determined and potential phasing out of LIBOR and adoption of SOFR after 2022 may
affect our financial results. 

Borrowings
under our line of credit facility bear interest at variable rates based on LIBOR. The U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority, which
regulates LIBOR, has announced that it intends to stop encouraging or requiring banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR rates
after 2022, and it is unclear if LIBOR will cease to exist or if new methods of calculating LIBOR will evolve. The Federal Reserve Bank
formed the Alternative Rates Committee (ARRC) to consider options for transitioning away from LIBOR. The ARRC selected the Secured Overnight
Financing Rate (SOFR) as an appropriate replacement. SOFR is based on transactions in the overnight repurchase markets, which reflects
a transaction-based rate on a large number of transactions, better reflecting current financing costs. If LIBOR ceases to exist or if
the methods of calculating LIBOR change from their current form, or if new methods are implemented such as SOFR, interest rates on our
current or future debt obligations may be adversely affected. 

- 16 - 

Our
business may be subject to varying demands based on market interest rates. 

Our
TracPipe and CounterStrike flexible gas piping products are used in the construction industry, both in
residential, commercial, and industrial segments, for the piping of fuel gas within a building. The demand for new or remodeled construction
in the construction industry and in particular the residential construction industry is susceptible to fluctuations in
interest rates charged by banks and other financial institutions as well as consumer demand. The purchasers of new or remodeled construction
generally finance the construction or acquisition of the residential, commercial, or industrial buildings, and increases in the interest
rates on such financing raise the acquisition cost of the potential purchaser. Interest rates have been increasing and there is no guarantee
that they will not continue to increase in the future. If costs continue to increase, a higher number of potential buyers may not be
able to support the level of financing under a higher interest rate environment. Increased acquisition costs may lead to a continued
decline in the demand for new or remodeled construction, and as a result may also lead to a continued, reduced demand for our products
used in the construction industry, which could damage our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our
business may be subject to cyclical demands. 

The
demand for our products may be subject to cyclical demand in the markets in which we operate. Our customers who use our products in industrial
and commercial applications are generally manufacturing capital equipment for their customers. Similarly, our TracPipe and
CounterStrike flexible gas piping products are used primarily in residential construction, both in single-family buildings,
and in larger multi-unit buildings. Should there be any change in factors that affect the rate of new residential construction, our growth
rate would likely be impacted. To the extent that interest rates increase, in conjunction with an economic cycle or as part of the general
economic conditions in the U.S. or abroad, the demand for our products in such applications may decrease as well, which could damage
our business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition. 

Our
business may be subject to seasonal or weather related factors. 

The
demand for our products may be affected by factors relating to seasonal demand for the product, or a decline in demand due to inclement
weather. Our TracPipe and CounterStrike flexible gas piping products are installed in new or remodeled
buildings, including homes, apartment buildings, office buildings, warehouses, and other commercial or industrial buildings. Generally,
the rate of new or remodeled buildings in the U.S. and in the other geographic markets in which we are present decline in the winter
months due to the inability to dig foundations, challenges at the job site relating to snow, or generally due to low temperatures and
stormy weather. As the rate of construction activity declines during the winter, the demand for our corrugated stainless steel tubing
may also decrease or remain static. 

Our
business may be subject to the impact of currency volatility. 

The
Company has operations in the U.K. and France, and does business transactions elsewhere in the world outside of the U.S. While the magnitude
of these transactions outside of the U.S. have thus far not been significant, and typically not in currencies of high volatility, it
is possible that they could be material. Events such as Brexit, as described above, or other instances of political and economic turmoil
or uncertainty, could create a weakened British Pound BP or Euro in comparison to other currencies. A weakened BP or
Euro would in turn have a direct negative impact, as we would experience losses when settling transactions in other currencies, and experience
unfavorable results due to the translation of financial statements with a lower exchange rate. During 2022 and 2021 there was not any
notable impact due to currency volatility, but going forward, it is possible that the BP, Euro, and other currencies that we engage in
may materially impact the financial position, operations, and liquidity of the Company. 

- 17 - 

A
cyber security incident or other technology disruption could harm us. 

We
face certain security threats and technology disruptions, including threats to our information technology IT infrastructure,
attempts to gain access to our or our customers proprietary or confidential information, threats of terrorism events, and failures
of our technology tools and systems. Our IT networks and related systems are critical to the operation of our business and essential
to our ability to successfully perform day-to-day operations. Cybersecurity threats, which include, but are not limited to, computer
viruses, spyware, and malware, attempts to access information, denial of service attacks and other electronic security breaches, are
persistent and evolve quickly. In general, such threats have increased in frequency, scope, and potential impact in recent years. Further,
a variety of technological tools and systems, including both company-owned IT and technological services provided by outside parties,
support our critical functions. These technologies, as well as our products, are subject to failure and the user s inability to
have such technologies properly supported, updated, expanded, or integrated into other technologies and, in certain cases, may contain
open source and third-party software which may unbeknownst to us contain defects or viruses that pose unintended risks. These risks,
if not effectively mitigated or controlled, could materially harm our business or reputation. While we believe that we have implemented
appropriate measures and controls, there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent disruptions to critical
systems, unauthorized release of confidential information or corruption of data. 

The
security measures we have implemented may become subject to third-party security breaches, employee error, malfeasance, faulty password
management or other irregularities. For example, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing
usernames, passwords, or other sensitive information, which may in turn be used to access our IT systems. These security systems cannot
provide absolute security. To the extent we were to experience a breach of our systems and were unable to protect sensitive data, such
a breach could materially damage business partner and customer relationships and curtail or otherwise impact the use of our IT systems.
Moreover, if a security breach of our IT systems affects our computer systems or results in the release of personally identifiable or
other sensitive information of customers, business partners, employees and other third parties, our reputation and brand could be materially
damaged, use of our products and services could decrease, and we could be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation, and potential liability.
Such an event could require significant management attention and resources, negatively impact our reputation among our customers and
the public, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The
ongoing COVID-19 pandemic may adversely affect the business. 

The
Company has not yet seen a material impact from the COVID-19 pandemic on its business, financial position, liquidity, or ability to service
customers or maintain critical operations. However, some parts of the world are continuing to see a rise in COVID-19 cases and hospitalizations,
and it is possible that new, more virulent strains and variants of COVID-19 may emerge and lead governments and private sectors to re-institute
quarantine and trade restrictions, which could adversely impact market conditions. The Company will continue to monitor the impact of
the COVID-19 pandemic on its business, including how it has impacted and will impact the Company s employees, customers, suppliers,
and distribution channels. The Company could face liquidity shortages, weaker product demand from its customers, disruptions in its supply
chain, and/or staffing shortages in its workforce in the future due to the direct and indirect effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

The
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic may also exacerbate other risk factors in this Item 1A, any of which could have a material effect on
the Company. For example, the risks associated with potential cybersecurity threats may be magnified given the increase in the number
of Company employees working remotely using personal electronic devices and home internet connections. 

Various
other general and macroeconomic issues may impact the business. 

Conflicts,
wars, natural disasters, infectious disease outbreaks (see COVID-19 pandemic above), active shooter or other workplace violence, or terrorist
acts could also cause significant damage or disruption to our operations, employees, facilities, systems, suppliers, supply chain, distributors,
resellers, or customers in the U.S. and internationally for extended periods of time and could also affect demand for our products. 

- 18 - 

Risks
Associated with Our Common Stock 

The
concentration of ownership of our common stock could impact on its market price. 

As
of December 31, 2022, approximately 68 of our issued and outstanding common stock was owned or controlled by certain of our directors
and officers and their respective affiliates, with the largest holders being: The Estate of John E. Reed, Stewart B. Reed, Kevin R. Hoben
and Mark F. Albino. Stewart B. Reed currently serves as Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors. Mr. Hoben and Mr. Albino also serve
on the Board of Directors, with Mr. Hoben being the Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. This concentration
of ownership may have the effect of reducing the volume of trading of the common stock on the NASDAQ. A decrease in trading volume could
result in lower prices for the common stock because there is not a sufficient supply of shares to create a vibrant market for our shares
on the NASDAQ, or inversely could drive the common stock price higher when demand exceeds supply. 

This
concentration of ownership of common stock could exert significant influence over matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including
the election of directors and the approval of mergers or other business combinations. This concentration also could have the effect of
delaying, preventing, or deterring a change in control of the Company. 

Item
1B UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

None. 

Item
2 - PROPERTIES 

The
Company owns two facilities in Exton, Pennsylvania, which is located approximately one hour west of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. These
facilities contain approximately 113,000 square feet of manufacturing and office space. The Company leases an additional facility located
near its Exton facilities, which provides another 11,000 square feet of space, used for warehousing. Most of the manufacturing of flexible
metal hose is performed at the Exton facilities. In the U.S., the Company also leases a facility in Houston, Texas, which contains manufacturing,
stocking and sales operations, and a corporate office located in Middletown, Connecticut. In the U.K., the Company leases a facility
in Banbury, England, which manufactures products and serves sales, warehousing, and operational functions as well. 

Item
3 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

See
legal proceedings disclosure in Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 

Item
4 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

- 19 - 

PART
II 

Item
5 - MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Common
Stock 

Our
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Market, under the symbol OFLX. The number of shareholders of record as of December 31, 2022,
based on inquiries of the registrant s transfer agent, was 297. For this purpose, shareholders whose shares are held by brokers
on behalf of such shareholders (shares held in street name are not separately counted or included in that total. 

Shareholder
Return Performance Presentation 

The
Shareholder Return Performance Presentation shall not be deemed to be soliciting material or subject to Regulations 14A
or 14C of the Securities and Exchange Commission or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange
Act and shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general statement incorporating by reference this annual report
into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or under the Exchange Act, and shall not otherwise be deemed filed under such Acts.

The
following graph shows the changes on a cumulative basis in the total shareholder return on the Omega Flex common stock and compares those
changes in shareholder return with the total return on the S P 500 Index and the total return on the S P 500 Building Products
Index. The graph begins with a base value of 100 on December 31, 2017, and shows the cumulative changes over the last five years, ending
on December 31, 2022. The graph assumes 100 was invested on December 31, in each of the three alternatives, and that all dividends have
been reinvested. 

Company
 / Index 
 Base
 Period 12/31/17 
 Indexed
 Returns Year Ending 

12/17 
 12/18 
 12/19 
 12/20 
 12/21 
 12/22 

Omega
 Flex, Inc. 
 100.00 
 76.84 
 159.07 
 218.52 
 191.62 
 142.54 
 
 S P
 500 
 100.00 
 95.62 
 125.72 
 148.85 
 191.58 
 156.89 
 
 S P
 Building Products 
 100.00 
 75.62 
 112.16 
 142.35 
 209.07 
 162.87 

Dividends 

The
Company currently has a policy of paying regular quarterly dividends, which is expected to continue. In addition, the Company may pay
special dividends from time to time. Further details regarding dividends are contained in Note 7, Shareholders Equity to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this report. 

The
Board, in its sole discretion, has a general policy of reviewing the cash needs of the Company from time to time, and based on results
of operations, financial condition and capital expenditure plans, possible acquisitions, as well as other factors that the Board may
consider relevant, determine on a quarterly basis whether to declare a regular quarterly dividend, or a special dividend. 

Item
6 [RESERVED] 

- 20 - 

Item
7 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Overview 

The
Company is a leading manufacturer of flexible metal hose and is currently engaged in a number of different markets, including construction,
manufacturing, transportation, petrochemical, pharmaceutical and other industries. 

The
Company s business is managed as a single operating segment that consists of the manufacture and sale of flexible metal hose, fittings,
and accessories. The Company s products are concentrated in residential and commercial construction, and general industrial markets,
with a comprehensive portfolio of intellectual property and patents issued in various countries around the world. The Company s
primary product, flexible gas piping, is used for gas piping within residential and commercial buildings. Through its flexibility and
ease of use, the Company s TracPipe and TracPipe CounterStrike flexible gas piping,
along with its fittings distributed under the trademarks AutoSnap and AutoFlare , allows users to substantially
cut the time required to install gas piping, as compared to traditional methods. The Company s newest product line MediTrac 
 corrugated medical tubing is used for piping medical gases (oxygen, nitrogen, nitrous oxide, carbon dioxide, and medical vacuum)
in health care facilities. Building on the recognized strengths and strategies employed in the flexible gas piping market, MediTrac 
 can be used in place of rigid copper pipe, and due to its long continuous lengths and flexibility, it can be installed approximately
five times faster than rigid copper pipe, saving on installation labor and construction schedules. The Company s products are manufactured
at its Exton, Pennsylvania and Houston, Texas facilities in the U.S., and in Banbury, Oxfordshire in the U.K. A majority of the Company s
sales across all industries are generated through independent outside sales organizations such as sales representatives, wholesalers
and distributors, or a combination of both. The Company has a broad distribution network in North America and to a lesser extent in other
global markets. 

Changes
in Financial Condition 

The
Company s cash balance of 37,703,000 on December 31, 2022 increased 4,790,000 (14.6 from a 32,913,000 balance at December
31, 2021. The primary reason for the increase in cash is due to income generated from operations during 2022. This was partially offset
by dividend payments during 2022 totaling 9,489,000, as detailed in Note 7, Shareholders Equity, to the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in this report. See the Company s Consolidated Cash Flow Statement for further details regarding the change
in cash. 

Accounts
Receivable were 17,503,000 and 20,726,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, decreasing 3,223,000 or 15.6 .
This is mostly timing related, associated with greater cash collections resulting from higher sales during the fourth quarter of the
previous year versus the current quarter. 

Inventory
was 17,764,000 and 15,565,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, increasing 2,199,000 or 14.1 . The increase
is mainly the result of the purchase of inventory to ensure enough materials on hand because of the challenging supply chain environment
and significantly increased costs. 

Other
Long Term Assets were 5,871,000 and 1,702,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, increasing 4,169,000 or
244.9 . The increase is due to higher inventories, which are estimated to be used beyond the next twelve months, mainly for the new corrugated
medical tubing CMT products. Higher amounts of materials for the new CMT products were initially purchased for cost considerations
and because of longer required lead times. As the market for these new products continues to develop the composition of the related inventories
is expected to become more current. 

Accrued
Compensation was 3,782,000 on December 31, 2022, compared to 7,008,000 on December 31, 2021, decreasing 3,226,000 or 46.0 . A significant
portion of the liability that existed at the previous year end related to incentive compensation earned in 2021. As is customary, the
liability was then paid during the first quarter of the following year, or 2022, thus diminishing the balance. In 2022, there was a decrease
in the incentive compensation liability to align with the changes in the executive management team. The liability now represents amounts
earned during the current year. 

- 21 - 

Accrued
Commissions and Sales Incentives were 4,996,000 and 7,183,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, decreasing
 2,187,000 or 30.4 . The decrease is the result of lower sales which did not allow most of our customers to achieve growth tiers as defined
within their sales incentive agreements. 

Other
Liabilities were 7,530,000 and 4,864,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The increase of 2,666,000 or
54.8 mainly relates to accruals for legal and product liability matters associated mainly with two cases, one which was resolved through
settlement and the other is pending which the Company continues to vigorously defend. 

Retained
earnings were 60,954,000 and 50,053,000 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, increasing 10,901,000 or 21.8 .
The increase was primarily due to an increase from net income during the year, as provided on the Company s Consolidated Statement
of Operations, partially offset by dividends declared during 2022, as discussed in detail in Note 7, Shareholders Equity, to the
Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report. 

Results
of Operations 

Twelve
months ended December 31, 2022 vs. twelve months ended December 31, 2021 

The
Company reported comparative results from operations for the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 as follows: 

Twelve-months
 ended December 31, (dollars
 in thousands) 

2022 
 2022 
 2021 
 2021 

Net
 Sales 
 125,487 
 100.0 
 130,011 
 100.0 
 
 Gross
 Profit 
 78,305 
 62.4 
 81,531 
 62.7 
 
 Operating
 Profit 
 31,016 
 24.7 
 35,062 
 27.0 

Net
Sales . The Company s sales for the full year of 2022 were 125,487,000, reflecting a decrease of 4,524,000, or 3.5 , compared
to 130,011,000 in 2021. The decrease in sales resulted mostly from a decrease in unit volume. The effect of the lower sales volumes
was mostly offset by pricing actions to offset material cost pressure and to protect margins. 

Gross
Profit . The Company s gross profit margins were 62.4 and 62.7 for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, respectively.
Similar to the previous year, the Company was able to maintain margins similar to prior year levels despite rising material commodity
costs which were mainly offset by increases in selling prices. 

Selling
Expenses . Selling expenses consist primarily of employee salaries and associated overhead costs, commissions, and the cost of marketing
programs such as advertising, trade shows and related communication costs, and freight. Selling expenses were 21,931,000 and 20,429,000
for 2022 and 2021, respectively, representing an increase of 1,502,000, or 7.4 . The increases primarily related to costs for resumption
of travel and other marketing efforts, which were lower in the 2021 period mainly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Staffing related expenses
and commissions were also higher. Commissions increased because of a shift of shipments from third party warehouses, whose shipments
are subject to commission, compared to those directly from the manufacturing facilities, whose shipments are not subject to commission.
Freight was lower mainly because of the lower sales. As a percentage of net sales, selling expenses were 17.5 and 15.7 for the twelve
months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

- 22 - 

General
and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee salaries, benefits for administrative,
executive and finance personnel, legal and accounting, insurance, and corporate general and administrative services. General and administrative
expenses were 20,625,000 and 21,430,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, decreasing 805,000, or 3.8 
between periods. There was a decrease in the incentive compensation component, which is aligned with profitability of 3,189,000, mainly
because of the changes in the executive management team, and there was a reduction in expense pertaining to stock based compensation
which moves in relation to the Company s stock price, as detailed in Note 12, Stock Based Compensation Plans. Items which increased
from the previous year include legal and product liability expenses, associated mainly with two cases, one which was resolved through
settlement and the other is pending, and salary related expenses. As a percentage of net sales, general and administrative expenses were
16.4 and 16.5 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Engineering
Expenses . Engineering expenses consist of development expenses associated with the development of new products, and costs related
to enhancements of existing products and manufacturing processes. Engineering expenses increased 123,000 or 2.7 between periods, being
 4,733,000 and 4,610,000 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As a percentage of net sales for the year, engineering
expenses were 3.8 in 2022 and 3.6 in 2021. 

Operating
Profit . Reflecting all the factors mentioned above, operating profits decreased 4,046,000, or 11.5 , between periods, reflecting
a profit of 31,016,000 in 2022, as compared to 35,062,000 in 2021. 

Interest
Income. Interest income is recorded on cash investments, and interest expense is recorded at times when the Company has debt amounts
outstanding on its line of credit. The Company recorded interest income of 174,000 for 2022, compared to 35,000 for 2021. The increase
in interest income was because of the increase in interest rates during the last six months of 2022. There were no borrowings on its
line of credit during 2022 and 2021. 

Other
Income (Expense) . Other income (expense) primarily consists of foreign currency exchange gains (losses) on transactions within our
foreign subsidiaries, and therefore tends to fluctuate with the strengthening and or weakening of the British Pound. The Company recognized
other expense of 211,000 during 2022 and other income of 21,000 during 2021. 

Income
Tax Expense . Income tax expense was 7,327,000 for 2022, compared to 8,862,000 for 2021. The 1,535,000 or 17.3 decrease in tax
expense was largely the result of the decrease in income before taxes and from the reduction of non-deductible incentive compensation
to align with the changes in the executive management team. The effective tax rate for 2022 and 2021 was at approximately 24 and 25 
of income before taxes, respectively. 

Twelve
months ended December 31, 2021 vs. twelve months ended December 31, 2020 

The
Company reported comparative results from operations for the twelve month periods ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 as follows: 

Twelve-months
 ended December 31, (dollars
 in thousands) 

2021 
 2021 
 2020 
 2020 

Net
 Sales 
 130,011 
 100.0 
 105,796 
 100.0 
 
 Gross
 Profit 
 81,531 
 62.7 
 66,550 
 62.9 
 
 Operating
 Profit 
 35,062 
 27.0 
 26,653 
 25.2 

Net
Sales . The Company s sales for the full year of 2021 were 130,011,000, reflecting an increase of 24,215,000, or 22.9 , compared
to 105,796,000 in 2020. The increase in sales resulted mostly from an increase in unit volume, which was in some measure impacted by
the COVID-19 pandemic in the previous year, as well as increases to selling prices that were necessary to help offset rising material
commodity costs. 

- 23 - 

Gross
Profit . The Company s gross profit margins were 62.7 and 62.9 for the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2020, respectively.
The Company was able to maintain margins similar to prior year levels despite rising material commodity costs, which were mainly offset
by increases in selling prices. 

Selling
Expenses . Selling expenses consist primarily of employee salaries and associated overhead costs, commissions, and the cost of marketing
programs such as advertising, trade shows and related communication costs, and freight. Selling expenses were 20,429,000 and 16,580,000
for 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing an increase of 3,849,000, or 23.2 . The most significant increases included commissions
and freight, driven by the increase in sales. In addition, sales personnel were added in France and advertising, trade shows and travel
returned to more expected levels as these were restricted in the previous year due to the COVID-19 pandemic. For the same annual periods,
selling expense as a percentage of net sales was consistent at 15.7 . 

General
and Administrative Expenses . General and administrative expenses consist primarily of employee salaries, benefits for administrative,
executive and finance personnel, legal and accounting, insurance, and corporate general and administrative services. General and administrative
expenses were 21,430,000 and 19,117,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, increasing 2,313,000, or 12.1 
between periods. Incentive compensation was derived from two notable yet partly offsetting components. There was an increase in the incentive
compensation component which is aligned with profitability; however, this was partially offset by a reduction in expense pertaining to
stock based compensation which moves in relation to the Company s stock price, as detailed in Note 12, Stock Based Compensation
Plans. Other items increasing from the previous year include legal and product liability expenses and director fees. As a percentage
of net sales, general and administrative expenses were 16.5 and 18.1 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Engineering
Expenses . Engineering expenses consist of development expenses associated with the development of new products, and costs related
to enhancements of existing products and manufacturing processes. Engineering expenses increased 410,000 or 9.8 between periods, being
 4,610,000 and 4,200,000 for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The increase was primarily attributable to an
increase in staffing, mainly in the U.K., and certification and qualification expenses. As a percentage of net sales for the year, engineering
expenses were 3.6 in 2021 and 4.0 in 2020. 

Operating
Profit . Reflecting all the factors mentioned above, operating profits increased 8,409,000, or 31.6 , between periods, reflecting
a profit of 35,062,000 in 2021, as compared to 26,653,000 in 2020. 

Interest
Income. Interest income is recorded on cash investments, and interest expense is recorded at times when the Company has debt amounts
outstanding on its line of credit. The Company recorded interest income of 35,000 for 2021, compared to interest expense of 39,000
for 2020. The decrease in interest expense and increase in interest income was largely due to the interest expense incurred on the borrowings
of 15,000,000 on its line of credit for a portion of the second quarter of 2020 to ensure liquidity during the COVID-19 pandemic. There
were no borrowings on its line of credit during 2021. 

Other
Income (Expense) . Other income (expense) primarily consists of foreign currency exchange gains (losses) on transactions within our
foreign subsidiaries, and therefore tends to fluctuate with the strengthening and or weakening of the British Pound. The Company recognized
other income of 21,000 during 2021 and other expense of 53,000 during 2020. 

Income
Tax Expense . Income tax expense was 8,862,000 for 2021, compared to 6,594,000 for 2020. The 2,268,000 or 34.4 increase in tax
expense was largely the result of the increase in income before taxes. The effective tax rate for both periods was similar at approximately
25 of income before taxes. 

- 24 - 

Commitments
and Contingencies 

See
Note 11, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for a detailed description of commitments and contingencies. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Historically,
the Company s primary cash needs have been related to working capital items, which the Company has largely funded through cash
generated from operations. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had a cash balance of 37,703,000. Additionally, the Company has a 15,000,000 line of credit
available, as discussed in detail in Note 6, Line of Credit and Other Borrowings, which had no borrowings outstanding against it as
of December 31, 2022. On December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, the Company had cash balances of 32,913,000 and 23,633,000,
respectively, with no borrowings against the line of credit. 

Operating
Activities 

Cash
provided by operating activities is net income adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in certain assets and liabilities, such
as those included in working capital. 

For
2022, the Company s cash provided from operating activities was 15,246,000, compared to 25,149,000 of cash provided during 2021,
and 19,310,000 of cash provided during 2020. This illustrates a decrease of 9,903,000 during 2022, versus an increase during 2021 of
 5,839,000. For details of the operating cash flows refer to the consolidated statements of cash flows in Item 8. Financial Statements
and Supplementary Data on page 40. 

As
a general trend, the Company tends to deplete or generate lower amounts of cash early in the year, as significant payments are typically
made for accrued promotional incentives, incentive compensation, and taxes. Cash has then historically shown a tendency to be restored
and accumulated during the latter portion of the year. 

Investing
Activities 

Cash
used in investing activities during 2022, 2021, and 2020 was 942,000, 971,000, and 564,000 respectively, all related to various capital
expenditure projects. 

Financing
Activities 

All
financing activities relate to dividend payments, which are detailed in Note 7, Shareholders Equity, in the Consolidated Financial
Statements included in this report. Dividend payments for 2022, 2021, and 2020 amounted to 9,489,000, 14,867,000, and 11,306,000,
respectively. Also, see Note 6, Line of Credit and Other Borrowings, for a description of borrowings and repayments during the second
quarter of 2020. The Company had no borrowings or payments on its line of credit during 2022 or 2021. 

Liquidity 

We
believe our existing cash and cash equivalents, along with our borrowing capacity, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs
for at least the next twelve months. Our future capital requirements will depend upon many factors including our rate of revenue growth,
the timing and extent of any expansion efforts, the potential for investments in, or the acquisition of any complementary products, businesses,
or supplementary facilities for additional capacity. 

- 25 - 

The
Company s primary contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022, which are due over the next twelve months, are summarized in
the following table and are more fully explained in Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Contractual
 Obligations 
 Total 
 
 (in
 thousands) 

Operating
 Lease Obligations 
 447 
 
 Purchase
 Obligations 
 16,137 
 
 Other Liabilities 
 171 
 
 Total
 Contractual Obligations 
 16,755 

As
explained in Note 12, Stock Based Compensation Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report, the Company is
obligated to make payments to plan participants. Due to the uncertain nature of the payments, due to numerous variables, including the
potential change in stock price, and employment status of participants and any applicable forfeitures, the amounts are not disclosed
in the above table. The liability associated with this plan as of December 31, 2022, which is anticipated to be paid within the next
year, is 665,000. 

Future
Impact of Known Trends or Uncertainties 

The
Company s operations are sensitive to a number of market and extrinsic factors, any one of which could materially adversely affect
the Company s business, competitive position, results of operations or financial condition in any given year. See Item 1A, Risk
Factors, for a detailed description. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Note
2, Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report, includes a summary of the significant
accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our Consolidated Financial Statements, which
have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. We evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis. Estimates are used for, but not limited to, revenue
recognition and related sales incentives, provisions for credit losses, inventory reserves, valuation of goodwill, product liability
reserves, valuation of phantom stock, and accounting for income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments
about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We believe our judgments related
to these accounting estimates are appropriate. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

Revenue
Recognition 

The
Company s accounting policy relating to revenue recognition reflects the impact of the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), which is discussed further in the Notes
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As a result of the adoption of ASC 606, the Company records revenue based upon a five-step
approach. The Company sells goods on typical, unmodified free on board (FOB) shipping point terms. As the seller, it can be determined
that the shipped goods meet the agreed-upon specifications in the contract or customer purchase order (e.g., items, quantities, and prices)
with the buyer, so customer acceptance would be deemed a formality, as noted in ASC 606-10-55-86. As a result, the Company has a legal
right to payment upon shipment of the goods. Based upon the above, the Company has concluded that transfer of control substantively transfers
to the customer upon shipment. Other than standard product warranty provisions, the sales arrangements provide for no other post-shipment
obligations. The Company offers rebates and other sales incentives, promotional allowances, or discounts to certain customers, typically
related to purchase volume, and are classified as a reduction of revenue and recorded at the time of sale. The Company periodically evaluates
whether an allowance for sales returns is necessary. Historically, the Company has experienced minimal sales returns. If it is believed
there are to be material potential sales returns, the Company will provide the necessary provision against sales. 

- 26 - 

Provision
for Credit Losses 

The
Company maintains allowances for credit losses, which represent an estimate of expected losses over the remaining contractual life of
its receivables considering current market conditions and estimates for supportable forecasts when appropriate. The estimate is a result
of the Company s ongoing assessments and evaluations of collectability, historical loss experience, and future expectations in
estimating credit losses in its receivable portfolio. For accounts receivable, the Company uses historical loss experience rates and
applies them to a related aging analysis while also considering customer and/or economic risk where appropriate. Determination of the
proper amount of allowances requires management to exercise judgment about the timing, frequency and severity of credit losses that could
materially affect the provision for credit losses and, as a result, net earnings. The allowances consider numerous quantitative and qualitative
factors that include receivable type, historical loss experience, delinquency trends, collection experience, current economic conditions,
estimates for supportable forecasts, when appropriate, and credit risk characteristics. Changes in allowances may occur in the future
as the above referenced quantitative and qualitative factors change. 

Inventories 

Inventories
are valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The cost of inventories is determined by the first-in, first-out (FIFO) method.
The Company generally considers inventory quantities beyond two years of usage, measured on a historical usage basis, to be excess inventory
and reduces the carrying value of inventory accordingly. These reductions to the inventory carrying values are estimates, which could
vary significantly, either favorably or unfavorably, from actual amounts if future economic conditions, sales levels, or competitive
conditions change. 

Goodwill 

In
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB ASC Topic 350, Intangibles Goodwill and Other (ASU
2017-04) , using the simplified method as adopted, the Company performed an annual impairment test as of December 31, 2022. This test
did not indicate any impairment of goodwill as the Company s estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded carrying value.
The test may be performed more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment might exist. These indicators may include changes in
macroeconomic and industry conditions, overall financial performance, and other relevant entity-specific events. 

Product
Liability Reserves 

Product
liability reserves represent the estimated unpaid amounts under the Company s insurance policies with respect to existing claims.
The Company uses the most current available data to estimate claims. As explained more fully under Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies,
to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report for various product liability claims covered under the Company s
general liability insurance policies, the Company must pay certain defense and settlement costs within its deductible or self-insured
retention limits, ranging primarily from 25,000 to 3,000,000 per claim, depending on the terms of the policy in the applicable policy
year, up to an aggregate amount. The Company is vigorously defending against all known claims. It is possible that the Company may incur
increased litigation costs in the future due to a variety of factors, including a higher number of claims, higher legal costs, and higher
insurance deductibles or retentions. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties and management is unable to predict the outcome of the
pending suits and claims. From time to time, depending upon the nature of a particular case, the Company may decide to spend more than
a deductible or retention to enable more discretion regarding the defense, although this is not common. It is possible that the results
of operations or liquidity of the Company, as well as the Company s ability to procure reasonably priced insurance, could be adversely
affected by the pending litigation, potentially materially. The Company is currently unable to estimate the ultimate liability, if any,
that may result from the pending litigation, or potential litigation from future claims or claims that have not yet come to our attention,
and accordingly, the liability in the Consolidated Financial Statements primarily represents an accrual for legal costs for services
previously rendered, settlements for Claims not yet paid, and anticipated settlements for claims within the Company s remaining
retention under its insurance policies. 

- 27 - 

Stock
Based Compensation Plans 

In
2006, the Company adopted a Phantom Stock Plan (the Plan ), which allows the Company to grant phantom stock units Units to certain key employees, officers, or directors. The Units each represent a contractual right to payment of compensation in the future
based upon the market value of the Company s common stock and are accordingly recorded as liabilities. The Units follow a vesting
schedule over three years from the grant date and are then paid upon maturity. In accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation
- Stock Compensation Topic 718 ), the Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model as its method for determining
the fair value of the Units. The liabilities for the Units are adjusted to market value over time from the grant dates to the related
maturity dates. The Company recognizes the reversal of any previously recognized compensation expense on forfeited nonvested Units in
the period the Units are forfeited. 

The
Plan has been amended and restated, for all grants made starting January 1, 2023, to set the vesting method to three-year cliff vesting
following the grant date, with full value paid upon maturity. Additionally, for grants made starting January 1, 2023, upon retirement
at age 67 or greater, and with one year of continuous service prior to retirement, vesting of the issued grant(s) would accelerate on
a pro-rata basis, 1/3 per year from the grant date. The Company does not believe the amended and restated plan will have a material impact
upon compensation expense. 

Further
details of the Plan are provided in Note 12, Stock Based Compensation Plans, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in
this report. Any significant changes in the Company s stock price may have a material impact upon the valuation of the
Units. 

Income
Taxes 

The
Company accounts for tax liabilities in accordance with the FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes . Under this method the Company recorded
tax expense and related deferred taxes and tax benefits. 

Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement
carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured
using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered
or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities from a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that includes
the enactment date. A valuation allowance is provided for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these items will either
expire before the Company is able to realize the benefit, or that future deductibility is uncertain. The Company s accounting for
deferred tax consequences represents the best estimate of those future events. Changes in estimates, due to unanticipated events or otherwise,
could have a material effect on the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. The Company continually evaluates its
deferred tax assets to determine if a valuation allowance is required. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

In
March 2020, the FASB issued ASU No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform
on Financial Reporting . The ASU applies to all entities that have contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions that reference
LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued because of reference rate reform. The ASU provides optional expedients and
exceptions for applying GAAP to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform if certain
criteria are met. The expedients and exceptions provided by the ASU do not apply to contract modifications made and hedging relationships
entered into or evaluated after December 31, 2022, except for hedging relationships existing as of December 31, 2022, that an entity
has elected certain optional expedients for and that are retained through the end of the hedging relationship. The ASU is effective for
all entities as of March 12, 2020 through December 31, 2022. The impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-04 did not have a material impact
on the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements. 

In
December 2019, the FASB issued ASU 2019-12, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes. The guidance
removes certain exceptions for recognizing deferred taxes for equity method investments, performing intraperiod allocation, and calculating
income taxes in interim periods. The ASU also adds guidance to reduce complexity in certain areas, including recognizing deferred taxes
for goodwill and allocating taxes to members of a consolidated group, among others. The amendments in ASU 2019-12 are effective for public
business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including interim periods therein. Early adoption of the standard
is permitted, including adoption in interim or annual periods for which financial statements have not yet been issued. The Company adopted
this new guidance, and it did not have a material impact on its Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Item
7A - QUANTITATATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISKS 

The
Company does not engage in the purchase or trading of market risk sensitive instruments. The Company does not presently have any positions
with respect to hedge transactions such as forward contracts relating to currency fluctuations. No market risk sensitive instruments
are held for speculative or trading purposes. 

- 28 - 

Item
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Omega
 Flex, Inc. 
 
 Index
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Financial Statements (PCAOB ID: 
 30 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 (PCAOB ID: 49) 
 32 

Financial
 Statements: 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 33 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 34 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 35 

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 36 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 37 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 38 
 to 53 

- 29 - 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Omega Flex, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Omega Flex, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, shareholders equity and cash flows for each
of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively,
the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position
of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 10, 2023
expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent
with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud,
and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts
and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Product
liability claims 

As
described in Notes 2 and 11 of the financial statements, the Company is subject to periodic lawsuits, investigations, and claims, primarily
relating to potential lightning damage to its flexible gas piping products (the Claims ). The Company accrues an estimated
product liability reserve related to the resolution cost of the Claims for which management believes a loss is probable of occurring,
and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable, and discloses the aggregate maximum exposure for all open Claims. As of December
31, 2022, the Company accrued a product liability reserve of 3,848,000, and disclosed that the aggregate maximum exposure for all current
open claims is estimated not to exceed 7,416,000. Due to the uncertainty of potential costs to be incurred related to the Claims, and
the uncertainty of the ultimate outcome of each Claim, management applies significant judgements and estimates in determining the probability
that a loss has been incurred and the amount to accrue for such loss. 

- 30 - 

We
identified the accrual and disclosure of the Claims as a critical audit matter due to the significant judgments made by management when
assessing the probability of a loss as well as the ultimate resolution costs of the Claims. Auditing management s estimates and
assumptions required a high degree of auditor judgment and increased audit effort due to the impact these assumptions have on the accrued
product liability reserves and disclosures. 

Our
audit procedures related to the Claims included the following, among others: 

We
 obtained an understanding of the relevant controls related to management s evaluation of the Claims for accrual and disclosure
 and tested such controls for design and operating effectiveness, including controls around management s evaluation of the probability
 that a loss has been incurred and management s estimate of the amount of the loss. 

We
 tested the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data that served as the basis for management s estimates of the probability
 that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss, including payment activity, relevant insurance coverage, lawsuit or claim
 status, and any settlement activity. 

We
 evaluated the methods and assumptions used by management to develop the estimate of the probability a loss has been incurred on individual
 product liability claims and the amount of such loss through consideration of historical claim and loss experience as well as current
 claim status. 

We
 performed confirmation procedures with the Company s external legal counsel to corroborate management s assertions regarding
 claim information, claim status, the probability the Company has incurred a loss, and the estimated amount of any potential loss.
 These confirmation procedures were also used to test the completeness and accuracy of the underlying source data that served as the
 basis of management s estimates. 

We
 tested claim and settlement payment activity occurring subsequent to year end to assess the reasonableness of management s
 estimates and disclosures. 

/s/
RSM US LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 

Blue
Bell, Pennsylvania 

 March
10, 2023 

- 31 - 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Omega Flex, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We
have audited Omega Flex, Inc. s (the Company) internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria
established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting
as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 

We
have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the 2022
consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated March 10, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis
for Opinion 

The
Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment
of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over
Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and
the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit
included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists,
and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis
for our opinion. 

Definition
and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

A
company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance
with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/

March
10, 2023 

- 32 - 

OMEGA
FLEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

 December
31, 

 (Dollars
in Thousands, except Common Stock par value) 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current
 Assets: 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents 

Accounts
 Receivable - less allowances of and , respectively 

Inventories
 - Net 

Other
 Current Assets 

Total
 Current Assets 

Right-Of-Use
 Assets - Operating 

Property
 and Equipment - Net 

Goodwill
 - Net 

Deferred
 Taxes 

Other
 Long Term Assets 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Accounts
 Payable 

Accrued
 Compensation 

Accrued
 Commissions and Sales Incentives 

Dividends
 Payable 
 
 - 
 
 Taxes
 Payable 

Lease
 Liability - Operating 

Other
 Liabilities 

Total
 Current Liabilities 

Lease
 Liability - Operating, net of current portion 

Deferred
 Taxes 

Tax
 Payable Long Term 

Other
 Long Term Liabilities 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and Contingencies (Note 11) 
 - 
 - 

Shareholders 
 Equity: 

Omega
 Flex, Inc. Shareholders Equity: 

Common
 Stock par value share: authorized shares: shares issued and shares outstanding as
 of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Treasury
 Stock 

Paid-in
 Capital 

Retained
 Earnings 

Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive Loss 

Total
 Omega Flex, Inc. Shareholders Equity 

Noncontrolling
 Interest 

Total
 Shareholders Equity 

Total
 Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

See
accompanying Notes which are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 33 - 

OMEGA
FLEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 

 (Amounts
in Thousands, except per Common Share Data) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net
 Sales 

Cost
 of Goods Sold 

Gross
 Profit 

Selling
 Expense 

General
 and Administrative Expense 

Engineering
 Expense 

Operating
 Profit 

Interest
 Income (Expense) 

Other
 Income (Expense) 

Income
 Before Income Taxes 

Income
 Tax Expense 

Net
 Income 

Less:
 Net Income Noncontrolling Interest 

Net
 Income attributable to Omega Flex, Inc. 

Basic
 and Diluted Earnings per Common Share 

Cash
 Dividends Declared per Common Share 

Basic and Diluted
 Weighted Average Shares Outstanding 

See
accompanying Notes which are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 34 - 

OMEGA
FLEX, INC. 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

 For
the years ended December 31, 

 (Dollars
in Thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Net
 Income 

Other
 Comprehensive (Loss) Income: 

Foreign
 Currency Translation Adjustment 

Other
 Comprehensive (Loss) Income 

Comprehensive
 Income 

Less:
 Comprehensive Income Attributable to the Noncontrolling Interest 

Total
 Other Comprehensive Income 

See
accompanying Notes which are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 35 - 

OMEGA
FLEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

 For
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

 (Amounts
in Thousands, Except Share Amounts) 

Common
 Stock Outstanding 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury Stock 
 Paid
 In Capital 
 Retained
 Earnings 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
 (Loss) 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 Shareholders Equity 
 
 December
 31, 2019 

Net
 Income 
 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cumulative
 Translation Adjustment 

Dividends
 Declared 

December
 31, 2020 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cumulative
 Translation Adjustment 

Dividends
 Declared 

December
 31, 2021 

Balance, value 

Net
 Income 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Cumulative
 Translation Adjustment 

Dividends
 Declared 

December
 31, 2022 

Balance, value 

See
accompanying Notes which are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 36 - 

OMEGA
FLEX, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 For
the years ended December 31, 

 (Dollars
in Thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

Cash
 Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net
 Income 

Adjustments
 to Reconcile Net Income to 

Net
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities: 

Non-Cash
 Compensation Expense 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

Provision
 for Losses on Accounts Receivable,
 net of write-offs and recoveries 

Deferred
 Taxes 

Provision
 for Inventory Reserves 

Changes
 in Assets and Liabilities: 

Accounts
 Receivable 

Inventories 

Right-Of-Use
 Assets 

Other
 Assets 

Accounts
 Payable 

Accrued
 Compensation 

Accrued
 Commissions and Sales Incentives 

Lease
 Liabilities 

Other
 Liabilities 

Net
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 

Cash
 Flows from Investing Activities: 

Capital
 Expenditures 

Net
 Cash Used In Investing Activities 

Cash
 Flows from Financing Activities: 

Dividends
 Paid 

Net
 Cash Used In Financing Activities 

Net
 Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Translation
 effect on cash 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents - Beginning of Year 

Cash
 and Cash Equivalents - End of Year 

Supplemental
 Disclosure of Cash Flow Information 

Cash
 paid for Income Taxes 

Cash
 paid for Interest 
 - 
 - 

Declared
 Dividend 
 
 - 

Additions
 to Right-Of-Use Assets obtained from new operating Lease Liabilities 

- 

See
accompanying Notes which are an integral part of the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

- 37 - 

OMEGA
FLEX, INC. 

 NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Determination
 of the transaction price the transaction price is determined based on the consideration to which the Company will be entitled
 in exchange for transferring goods to the customer. This would be the agreed upon quantity and price per product type in accordance
 with the customer purchase order, which is aligned with the Company s internally approved pricing guidelines. 

Allocation
 of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract if the contract contains a single performance
 obligation, the entire transaction price is allocated to the single performance obligation. This applies to the Company as there
 is only one performance obligation to ship the goods. 

Recognition
 of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation the Company satisfies performance obligations
 at a point in time when control of the goods transfers to the customer. Determining the point in time when control transfers requires
 judgment. Indicators considered in determining whether the customer has obtained control of a good include: 

The
 Company has a present right to payment 

The
 customer has legal title to the goods 

The
 Company has transferred physical possession of the goods 

The
 customer has the significant risks and rewards of ownership of the goods 

The
 customer has accepted the goods 

It
is important to note that the indicators are not a set of conditions that must be met before the Company can conclude that control of
the goods has transferred to the customer. The indicators are a list of factors that are often present if a customer has control of the
goods. 

The
Company has typical, unmodified FOB shipping point terms. As the seller, the Company can determine that the shipped goods meet the agreed-upon
specifications in the contract or customer purchase order (e.g., items, quantities, and prices) with the buyer, so customer acceptance
would be deemed a formality, as noted in ASC 606-10-55-86. As a result, the Company has a legal right to payment upon shipment of the
goods. 

Based
upon the above, the Company has concluded that control substantively transfers to the customer upon shipment. 

Other
considerations of Topic 606 include the following: 

Contract
 Costs - costs to obtain a contract (e.g. customer purchase order) include sales commissions. Under Topic 606, these costs may
 be expensed as incurred for contracts with a duration of one year or less. The majority of the Company s customer purchase
 orders are fulfilled (e.g. goods are shipped) within two days of receipt. 

Warranties
 - the Company does not offer a warranty as a separate component for customers to purchase. A warranty is generally included with
 each purchase, providing assurance that the goods comply with agreed-upon specifications, and the cost is therefore accrued accordingly,
 but contracts do not include any requirement for additional distinct services. Therefore, there is not a separate performance obligation,
 and there is no impact of warranties under Topic 606 upon the financial reporting of the Company. 

Returned
 Goods - from time to time, the Company provides authorization to customers to return goods. If deemed to be material, the Company
 would record a right of return asset for the cost of the returned goods which would reduce cost of sales. 

Volume
 Rebates (Promotional Incentives) - volume rebates are variable (dependent upon the volume of goods purchased by our eligible
 customers) and, under Topic 606, must be estimated and recognized as a reduction of revenue as performance obligations are satisfied
 (e.g. upon shipment of goods). Also under Topic 606, to ensure that the related revenue recognized would not be probable of a significant
 reversal, the four following factors are considered: 

The
 amount of consideration is highly susceptible to factors outside the Company s influence. 

The
 uncertainty about the amount of consideration is not expected to be resolved for a long period of time. 

The
 Company s experience with similar types of contracts is limited. 

The
 contract has a large number and broad range of possible consideration amounts. 

If
it was concluded that the above factors were in place for the Company, it would support the probability of a significant reversal of
revenue. However, as none of the four factors apply to the Company, promotional incentives are recorded as a reduction of revenue based
upon estimates of the eligible products expected to be sold. 

Regarding
disaggregated revenue disclosures, as previously noted, the Company s business is controlled as a single operating segment that
consists of the manufacture and sale of flexible metal hose. Most of the Company s transactions are very similar in nature, contract,
terms, timing, and transfer of control of goods. As indicated within Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, in these Consolidated Financial
Statements, under the caption Significant Concentration , the majority of the Company s sales were geographically
contained within North America, with the remainder scattered internationally. All performance assessments and resource allocations are
generally based upon the review of the results of the Company as a whole. 

and as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

to per claim, depending on the terms of the policy in the applicable policy
year, up to an aggregate amount. The Company is vigorously defending against all known claims. 

For
any leases that do not meet the criteria identified above for finance leases, the Company treats such leases as operating leases. As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, each of the Company s leases are classified as operating leases. 

Both
finance and operating leases are reflected on the balance sheet as lease or right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 

There
are some exceptions which the Company has elected in its accounting policies. For leases with terms of twelve months or less, or below
the Company s general capitalization policy threshold, the Company has elected an accounting policy to not recognize lease assets
and lease liabilities for all asset classes. The Company recognizes lease expense for such leases generally on a straight-line basis
over the lease term. 

The
Company determines if a contract is a lease at the inception of the arrangement. The Company reviews all options to extend, terminate,
or purchase its right-of-use assets at the inception of the lease and accounts for these options when they are reasonably certain to
be exercised. Certain leases contain non-lease components, such as common area maintenance, which are generally accounted for separately.
In general, the Company will assess if non-lease components are fixed and determinable, or variable, when determining if the component
should be included in the lease liability. For purposes of calculating the present value of the lease obligations, the Company utilizes
the implicit interest rate within the lease agreement when known and/or determinable, and otherwise utilizes its incremental borrowing
rate at the time of the lease agreement. 

, , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 

, , and for the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively and are included in engineering expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations. 

,
 , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

. 

and , respectively, were as follows on December 31: 

Raw
 Materials 

Inventories
 - Net 

See
Note 5, Other Long Term Assets, for details on inventories which are estimated to be used beyond the next twelve months. 

Buildings 

Years 
 
 Leasehold
 Improvements 

- 
 Years (Lesser of Life or Lease) 
 
 Equipment 

- 
 Years 
 
 Property
 and Equipment - Gross 

Accumulated
 Depreciation 

Property
 and Equipment - Net 

The
above amounts include capital related items of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which had not yet
been placed in service by the Company, and therefore no depreciation was recorded in the related periods for those assets. Depreciation
and amortization expense was approximately , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

- 
 
 Cash
 surrender value of life insurance policies 

Other 

Other
 Long Term Assets 

The
Company maintains inventories, which are estimated to be used beyond the next twelve months, mainly for the new corrugated medical tubing CMT products. Higher amounts of materials for the new CMT products were initially purchased for cost considerations and
because of longer required lead times. 

The
cash surrender value of life insurance policies where the Company is beneficiary is further described in Note 11, Commitments and Contingencies. 

, maturing on , with funds available for working capital purposes and other cash needs. The Line
is unsecured and has been extended maturing on June 1, 2023. . . . 

During
the quarter ended June 30, 2020, in an effort to ensure liquidity and secure all available resources during the COVID-19 pandemic, the
Company borrowed the full amount of its capacity on the line of at the prime rate of . The Company repaid this amount
in full prior to the end of such quarter, and as of December 31, 2020, had borrowings on its line of credit. As of December 31, 2022
and as of December 31, 2021, the Company also had outstanding borrowings on its line of credit. 

The
Company was in compliance with all debt covenants as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CARES Act was enacted on March 27, 2020 in the U.S. On April 7, 2020,
the Company received a loan from the U.S. Small Business Administration SBA to fund the Company s request for a
loan under the SBA s Paycheck Protection Program PPP and PPP Loan created as part of the recently
enacted CARES Act administered by the SBA. In connection with the PPP Loan, the Company entered into a promissory note filed as Exhibit
10.2 attached to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020. Pursuant to the terms of the PPP Loan, the Company received total proceeds
of from the Bank at an interest rate of just below per annum. After the issuance of the PPP Loan, the U.S. Treasury Department
issued new guidance on the PPP program and advised that publicly traded companies that had access to other sources of financing may not
be appropriate candidates for the PPP Loans, and provided a grace period until May 7, 2020 for such companies to repay the previously
issued PPP Loans. . 

Lastly,
as stated above, borrowings under our line of credit facility bear interest at variable rates based on LIBOR. Currently, the Federal
Reserve Bank is considering options and transitioning away from LIBOR, and as such, has formed the Alternative Rates Committee (ARRC).
The ARRC selected the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) as an appropriate replacement. SOFR is based on transactions in the overnight
repurchase markets, which reflects a transaction-based rate on a large number of transactions, better reflecting current financing costs.
Discussions are ongoing with the Bank with regards to transitioning the rate for the Line from LIBOR to another appropriate rate such
as SOFR. 

common stock shares with par value of per share.
For both periods, the total number of outstanding shares was , shares held in Treasury was , and total shares issued
was . 

In
addition to the above dividend amounts, there were dividends approved by the Company s foreign subsidiary during September 2021
which amounted to an outlay of cash of to the foreign subsidiary s noncontrolling interest respectively. 

It
should be noted that from time to time, the Board may elect to pay special dividends, in addition to or in lieu of the regular quarterly
dividends, depending upon the financial condition of the Company. 

On
April 4, 2014, the Board authorized an extension of its stock repurchase program without expiration, up to a maximum amount of .
The original program established in December 2007 authorized the purchase of up to of its common stock. The purchases may
be made from time-to-time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, depending on market and business conditions. The
Board retained the right to cancel, extend, or expand the share buyback program, at any time and from time-to-time. Since inception,
the Company has purchased a total of shares for approximately , or approximately per share, which were held as treasury
shares. The Company has not made any stock repurchases since 2014. 

Deferred 

State
 Income Tax: 

Current 

Deferred 

Foreign
 Income Tax: 

Current 

Deferred 

Income
 Tax Expense 

Pre-tax
income included foreign income of , , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

to earnings
before income tax, as follows: 

 SCHEDULE
OF EFFECTIVE INCOME TAX RATE RECONCILIATION 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

(in
 thousands) 
 
 Computed
 Statutory Income Tax Expense 

State
 Income Tax, Net of Federal Tax Benefit 

Foreign
 Tax Rate Differential 

Executive
 Compensation Limitation 

Foreign
 Derived Intangible Income Deduction 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Research
 Credit 
 ) 
 ) 
 ) 
 
 Other
 - Net 

Income
 Tax Expense 

A
deferred income tax (expense) benefit results from temporary timing differences in the recognition of income and expense for income tax
and financial reporting purposes. The components of and changes in the net deferred tax assets (liabilities) which give rise to this
deferred income tax (expense) benefit for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Inventory
 Valuation 

Accounts
 Receivable Valuation 

Deferred
 Litigation Costs 

Capitalized
 Research Costs 
 
 - 
 
 Accrued
 Product Liability 

Foreign
 Net Operating Losses 

Valuation
 Allowance for Loss Carryover 

Other 

Compensation
 Liabilities 

Total
 Deferred Assets 

Deferred
 Tax Liabilities: 

Prepaid
 Expenses 

Depreciation
 and Amortization 

Total
 Deferred Liabilities 

Total
 Deferred Tax Asset (Liability) 

Management
believes it is more likely than not that the Company will have sufficient taxable income when these timing differences reverse and that
the deferred tax assets will be realized with the exception of a carryover of foreign operating losses. Due to the uncertainty of future
income in the foreign subsidiary, the Company has recognized a valuation allowance related to the foreign operating losses carrying forward. 

The
Company is currently subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service for the calendar years ended 2019 through 2021. The Company and
its Subsidiaries state income tax returns are subject to audit for the calendar years ended 2018 through 2021. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had no liability for unrecognized tax benefits related to various federal and state income tax matters. 

In
the U.K., the Company leases a facility in Banbury, England, which serves manufacturing, warehousing, and other operational functions.
 . 

In
addition to property rentals, the Company also has lease agreements in place for various fleet vehicles and equipment with various lease
terms. 

On
December 31, 2022, the Company has right-of-use assets of , and a lease liability of , of which was reported
as a current liability. On December 31, 2021, the Company has right-of-use assets of , and a lease liability of ,
of which was reported as a current liability. The respective weighted average remaining lease term and discount rate are approximately
 years and as of December 31, 2022. 

Rent
expense for operating leases was approximately , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. 

, under non-cancelable leases as of December 31, 2022 is as follows: 

 SCHEDULE
OF FUTURE MINIMUM RENTAL PAYMENTS FOR OPERATING LEASES 

Year
 Ending December 31, 
 Operating
 Leases 

(in
 thousands) 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total
 Minimum Lease Payments 

, , and of contributions accrued for the Plan in 2022, 2021 and 2020 respectively, which were charged to expense
in those respective years. 

 of gross wages up to the current Old Age, Survivors, and Disability (OASDI) limit and six
percent of the excess over the OASDI limit, subject to the maximum allowed under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA).
Participant balances vest over six years. 

 of their compensation withheld, up to the maximum allowed by the Internal Revenue Code. After completing one year of service,
the Company contributed an additional amount equal to of all employee contributions, up to a maximum of of an employee s
gross wages. Contributions are funded on a current basis. Contributions to the Plan charged to expense for the years ended December 31,
2022, 2021 and 2020 were , , and , respectively. The participant s Company contribution vests ratably over
six years. 

per month to per month with the term of such payments limited to 15 years after the employee s retirement. The agreements
also provide for survivorship benefits if the employee dies before attaining age 65, and severance payments if the employee is terminated
without cause; the amount of which is dependent on the length of company service at the date of termination. The net present value of
the retirement payments associated with these agreements is as of December 31, 2022, of which is included in Other
Long Term Liabilities, and the remaining current portion of is included in Other Liabilities, associated with the applicable
retirement benefit payments over the next twelve months. The December 31, 2021 liability of had reported in Other Long
Term Liabilities, and a current portion of in Other Liabilities. 

The
Company has obtained and is the beneficiary of life insurance policies with respect to current and/or past employees. The cash surrender
value of such policies (included in Other Long Term Assets) amounts to at December 31, 2022 and at December 31,
2021. 

In
addition to the above, the Company has other contractual employment and or change of control agreements in place with key employees,
as previously disclosed and noted in the Exhibit Index to this Form 10-K. Obligations related to these arrangements are currently indeterminable
due to the variable nature and timing of possible events required to incur such obligations. 

As
disclosed in detail in Note 9, Leases, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in this report, the Company has several lease
obligations in place that will be paid out over time. Most notably, the Company leases a facility in Banbury, England that serves the
manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution functions. 

Lastly, as provided earlier in Item 7 under Liquidity and Capital Resources , the Company has numerous contractual obligations in place for the forthcoming year, mainly related to purchase obligations for the Company s raw material inventories, totaling . 

Contingencies 

In
the ordinary and normal conduct of the Company s business, it is subject to periodic lawsuits, investigations, and claims (collectively,
the Claims ). The Claims generally relate to potential lightning damage to our flexible gas piping products, which impact
legal and product liability related expenses. The Company does not believe the Claims have legal merit, and therefore has commenced a
vigorous defense in response to the Claims. It is possible that the Company may incur increased litigation costs in the future due to
a variety of factors, including a higher number of Claims, higher legal costs, and higher insurance deductibles or retentions. 

The
Company was made aware of a potential legal liability regarding a legal dispute in the U.K., in which the Company s subsidiary,
Omega Flex Limited OFL ), was the claimant. After withdrawing the claim, the court determined that OFL was responsible
for the defendant s costs (including a portion of its attorneys fees). The Company reached an initial agreement during the
fourth quarter of 2020 and made a payment of accordingly. An additional payment of was made on January
5, 2022, which was recorded as an accrued liability as of December 31, 2021, and represented the remaining amount of the liability as
part of the final arrangement. This matter is now closed. 

The
Company has in place commercial general liability insurance policies that cover most Claims, which are subject to deductibles or retentions,
ranging primarily from to per claim (depending on the terms of the policy and the applicable policy year), up to an
aggregate amount. Litigation is subject to many uncertainties and management is unable to predict the outcome of the pending suits and
claims. The potential liability for a given claim could range from to a maximum of , depending upon the circumstances,
and insurance deductible or retention in place for the respective claim year. The aggregate maximum exposure for all current open Claims
as of December 31, 2022 is estimated to not exceed approximately , which represents the potential costs that may be incurred
over time for the Claims within the applicable insurance policy deductibles or retentions. From time to time, depending upon the nature
of a particular case, the Company may decide to spend in excess of a deductible or retention to enable more discretion regarding the
defense, although this is not common. It is possible that the results of operations or liquidity of the Company, as well as the Company s
ability to procure reasonably priced insurance, could be adversely affected by the pending litigation, potentially materially. The Company
is currently unable to estimate the ultimate liability, if any, that may result from the pending litigation, or potential litigation
from future claims or claims that have not yet come to our attention, and accordingly, the liability in the Consolidated Financial Statements
primarily represents an accrual for legal costs for services previously rendered, outstanding settlements for Claims not yet paid, and
anticipated settlements for Claims within the Company s remaining retention under its insurance policies. The liabilities recorded
in the Company s books as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 were and , respectively, and are included
in Other Liabilities. 

The Units are not shares of the Company s common stock, and a recipient of the Units does
not receive any of the following: 

ownership
 interest in the Company 

shareholder
 voting rights 

other
 incidents of ownership to the Company s common stock 

, Compensation - Stock Compensation . The Units will be paid on their maturity date, one year after all the Units granted
in a particular award have fully vested, unless a specified event occurs under the terms of the Plan, which would allow for earlier
payment. The value of each Unit at the maturity date will equal the closing price of the Company s common stock as of the
maturity date (Full Value). 

In
2009, the Board of Directors authorized an amendment to the Plan to pay an amount equal to the value of any cash or stock dividend declared
by the Company on its common stock to be accrued to the Units outstanding as of the record date of the common stock dividend. The dividend
equivalent will be paid at the same time the underlying Units are paid to the participant. 

In
addition, the Plan has been amended and restated, for all grants made starting January 1, 2023, to set the vesting method to three-year
cliff vesting following the grant date, with full value paid upon maturity. Additionally, for grants made starting January 1, 2023, upon
retirement at age 67 or greater, and with one year of continuous service prior to retirement, vesting of the issued grant(s) would accelerate
on a pro-rata basis, 1/3 per year from the grant date. 

In
certain circumstances, the Units may be immediately vested upon the participant s death or disability. All Units granted to a participant
are forfeited if the participant is terminated from their relationship with the Company or its subsidiary for cause, which
is defined under the Plan. If a participant s employment or relationship with the Company is terminated for reasons other than
for cause, then any vested Units will be paid to the participant upon termination. However, Units granted to certain specified
employees as defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code will be paid approximately 181 days after termination. 

Grants
of Units. As of December 31, 2021, the Company had nonvested and unmatured Units outstanding, all of which were granted
at Full Value. On February 22, 2022, the Company granted an additional Full Value Units with a fair value of per Unit on
grant date, using historical volatility. In February 2022, the Company paid for fully vested and matured Units that were
granted during 2018, including their respective earned dividend values. In March 2022, the Company paid for fully vested
Units that were granted during 2018, 2019 and 2020, including their respective earned dividend values. On August 19, 2022, the Company
granted an additional Full Value Units with a fair value of per Unit on grant date, using historical volatility. In August
2022, the Company paid for the fully vested and matured Units that were granted during August 2018, including their respective
earned dividend values. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had nonvested and unmatured Units outstanding. 

The
Company uses the Black-Scholes option pricing model as its method for determining fair value of the Units. The Company uses the straight-line
method of attributing the value of the stock based compensation expense relating to the Units. The compensation expense (including adjustment
of the liability to its fair value) from the Units is recognized over the vesting and maturity periods of each grant. 

The
FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation , requires forfeitures either to be estimated at the time of grant and revised,
if necessary, in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures differ from those estimates to derive an estimate of awards ultimately to vest
or to recognize the effect of any forfeited awards for which the requisite vesting period is not completed in the period that the award
is forfeited. 

The
Company recognizes the reversal of any previously recognized compensation expense on forfeited awards in the period that the award is
forfeited. For the year ended December 31, 2022, awards were forfeited. However, for the year ended December 31, 2021, a reversal
of of previously recognized compensation expense was recognized on nonvested forfeited Units. 

The
total liability related to the Units as of December 31, 2022 was of which is included in Other Liabilities, as it
is expected to be paid within the next twelve months, and the balance of is included in Other Long Term Liabilities. The total
liability related to the Units as of December 31, 2021 was of which was included in Other Liabilities, and the
balance of was included in Other Long Term Liabilities. 

Related
to the Plan, in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation - Stock Compensation , the Company recorded compensation expense
of approximately , , and related to the Plan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
Compensation expense (or income) for a given period largely depends upon fluctuations in the Company s stock price. 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 - 
 - 
 
 Canceled 
 - 
 - 
 
 Nonvested
 and Unmatured as of December 31, 2022 

Units
 Expected to Vest and Mature 

The
total unrecognized compensation costs calculated on December 31, 2022 are which will be recognized through August of 2025. The
Company will recognize the related expense over the weighted average period of years. 

- 53 - 

Item
9 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES 

None. 

Item
9A CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

(a) Evaluation
 of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

We
evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 Exchange Act ), as amended, as of December 31, 2022, the end of the period covered by this report
on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal
financial officer) have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of December 31, 2022. Disclosure controls
and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms
and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 

(b) Management s
 Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over
financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act and is a process designed by, or under
the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our management and other personnel, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and includes those policies and procedures that: 

Pertain
 to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

Provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with
 authorizations of our management and directors; and 

Provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company s
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making
this assessment, the Company s management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations (COSO) in the
 Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) . 

Based
on the assessment, management has concluded that the Company maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, based on criteria in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 

- 54 - 

The
Company s independent registered public accounting firm, RSM US LLP, audited the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. RSM US LLP s report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is included herein on page 35. 

(c) 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent quarter ended December 31, 2022, that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

Item
9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not
applicable. 

- 55 - 

PART
III 

With
respect to Items 10 through 14, the Company will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission, within 120 days after December 31,
2022, a definitive proxy statement relating to the Company s annual meeting of shareholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). 

Item
10 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Information
regarding directors of the Company will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement, under the caption Current Directors and Nominees
for Election Background Information , and to the extent required and except as set forth therein, is incorporated herein
by reference. 

Information
regarding executive officers of the Company will be set forth under the caption Executive Officers in the 2023 Proxy Statement,
and to the extent required and except as set forth therein, incorporated herein by reference. 

Information
regarding the Company s Audit Committee and its Audit Committee Financial Expert will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy
Statement, under the caption Board Committees , and incorporated herein by reference. Information concerning any delinquent
filings under Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 will be set forth in the Company s proxy statement also, under
the Caption Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports incorporated herein by reference. 

The
Company has adopted a Code of Business Ethics Code applicable to its principal executive officer and principal financial
officer, its directors, and all other employees generally. A copy of the Code may be found at the Company s website www.omegaflex.com.
Any changes to or waivers from this Code will be disclosed on the Company s website as well as in appropriate filings with the
Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Item
11 - EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Information
required by Item 11 will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement, under the caption Executive Compensation and to the
extent required and except as set forth therein, is incorporated herein by reference. 

The
report of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company shall not be deemed incorporated by reference by any general
statement incorporating by reference the proxy statement into any filing under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and shall not otherwise
be deemed filed under such Act. 

Item
12 - SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Information
required by Item 12 will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement, under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial
Owners and Management , and to the extent required and except as set forth therein, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13 - CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Information
required by Item 13 will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement, under the caption Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions 
and to the extent required and except as set forth therein, is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Information
required by Item 14 will be set forth in the 2023 Proxy Statement, under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and Services ,
and to the extent required, and except as set forth therein, is incorporated herein by reference. 

- 56 - 

PART
IV 

Item
15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 

(a) 
 The
 following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

1. 
 Exhibits.
 See Index to Exhibits on pages 60 through 62. 

2. 
 Consolidated
 Financial Statements. See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page 32. Financial statement schedules have been omitted
 because they are not required, not applicable, not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or the required
 information is otherwise included. 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Those
documents followed by a parenthetical notation are incorporated herein by reference to previous filings with the Securities and Exchange
Commission, under Commission File No. 000-51372, as set forth below. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 Reference
 Key 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Omega Flex, Inc. 
 (A) 

3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated By-laws of Omega Flex, Inc. 
 (F) 

4.1 
 
 Description of Common Stock 
 (B) 

10.1 
 
 Indemnification and Insurance Matters Agreement dated July 29, 2005 between Omega Flex, Inc. and Mestek, Inc. 
 (A) 

10.2 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreements entered into between Omega Flex, Inc. and its Directors and Officers and the Directors of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 (C) 

10.3 
 
 Schedule of Directors/Officers with Indemnification Agreement 

10.4 
 
 Employment Agreement dated December 15, 2008 between Omega Flex, Inc. and Kevin R. Hoben 
 (D) 

10.5 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2014 between Omega Flex, Inc. and Kevin R. Hoben 
 (E) 

10.6 
 
 Employment Agreement dated December 15, 2008 between Omega Flex, Inc. and Mark F. Albino 
 (D) 

10.7 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2014 between Omega Flex, Inc. and Mark F. Albino 
 (E) 

10.8 
 
 Amended and Restated Committed Revolving Line of Credit Note dated December 1, 2017 by Omega Flex, Inc. to Santander Bank, N.A. in the principal amount of 15,000,000. 
 (K) 

- 57 - 

10.9 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement dated December 17, 2009 between Omega Flex, Inc. and Sovereign Bank, N.A. 
 (G) 

10.10 
 
 First Amendment dated December 30, 2010 to the Loan and Security Agreement between Omega Flex, Inc. and Sovereign Bank, N.A. 
 (H) 

10.11 
 
 Second Amendment dated December 29, 2014 to the Loan and Security Agreement between Omega Flex, Inc. and Santander Bank, N.A., (as successor in interest to Sovereign Bank, N.A.) 
 (I) 

10.12 
 
 Third Amendment dated December 1, 2017 to the Loan and Security Agreement between Omega Flex, Inc. and Santander Bank, N.A., (as successor in interest to Sovereign Bank, N.A.) 
 (K) 

10.13 
 
 Phantom Stock Plan dated December 11, 2006. 
 (J) 

10.14 
 
 First Amendment to the Omega Flex, Inc. 2006 Phantom Stock Plan 
 (G) 

10.15 
 
 Omega Flex, Inc. 2006 Phantom Stock Plan (as amended and restated effective January 1, 2023). 
 (L) 

10.16 
 
 Form of Phantom Stock Agreement entered into between Omega Flex, Inc. and its directors, officers and employees (for grants made prior to January 1, 2023). 
 (J) 

10.17 
 
 Form of Phantom Stock Agreement entered into between Omega Flex, Inc. and its directors, officers and employees (for grants made on or after January 1, 2023). 
 (L) 

10.18 
 
 Schedule of Phantom Stock Agreements between Omega Flex, Inc. and its directors and officers as of December 31, 2022. 

10.19 
 
 Form of Change of Control Agreement entered into between Omega Flex, Inc. and certain officers and employees. 
 (M) 

10.20 
 
 Schedule of Change of Control Agreements between Omega Flex, Inc. and certain officers and employees as of December 31, 2022. 

21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 

23.1 
 
 Consent of RSM US LLP 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Omega Flex, Inc. pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Omega Flex, Inc. pursuant to Rule 15d-14(a) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

- 58 - 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Omega Flex, Inc. pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.1NS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (the cover page XBRL tags are embedded in the Inline XBRL document and included in Exhibit 101). 

Reference
 Key 

(A) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Registration Statement on Form 10-12G filed on June 22, 2005. 

(B) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 9, 2020. 

(C) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2020. 

(D) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 18, 2009. 

(E) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed July 24, 2014. 

(F) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15, 2021. 

(G) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 17, 2010. 

(H) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 10, 2011. 

(I) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 29, 2014. 

(J) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 2, 2007. 

(K) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 5, 2017. 

(L) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed November 7, 2022. 

(M) 
 
 Filed
 as an Exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 1, 2019. 

Management
 contract, compensatory plan, or arrangement 

Filed
 herewith 

Furnished
 herewith 

Item
16 Form 10-K Summary 

None. 

- 59 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

OMEGA
FLEX, INC. 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin R. Hoben 

Kevin
 R. Hoben, Chairman and 

Chief
 Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Matthew F. Unger 

Matthew
 F. Unger, Vice President Finance, 

Chief
 Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Luke S. Hawk 

Luke
 S. Hawk 

Financial
 Controller 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark F. Albino 

Mark
 F. Albino, Director 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 James M. Dubin 

James
 M. Dubin, Director 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 David K. Evans 

David
 K. Evans, Director 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 J. Nicholas Filler 

J.
 Nicholas Filler, Director 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Derek W. Glanvill 

Derek
 W. Glanvill, Director 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Kevin R. Hoben 

Kevin
 R. Hoben, Director 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/
 Stewart B. Reed 

Stewart
 B. Reed, Director 

- 60 - 

<EX-10.3>
 2
 ex10-3.htm

EXHIBIT
10.3 

Schedule
of Directors/Officers with Indemnification Agreement 

Directors 
 
 Officers 
 
 Mark F. Albino 
 
 Susan Asch 
 
 James M. Dubin 
 
 Geraldine Glazer 
 
 David K. Evans 
 
 Robert Haines 
 
 J. Nicholas Filler 
 
 James Hockenberry 
 
 Derek Glanvill 
 
 Edwin B. Moran 
 
 Kevin R. Hoben 
 
 Dean W. Rivest 
 
 Bruce C. Klink 
 
 Timothy P. Scanlan 
 
 Stewart B. Reed 
 
 Matthew F. Unger 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.18>
 3
 ex10-18.htm

EXHIBIT
10.18 

OMEGA FLEX, INC. 

 Phantom Stock Agreements 

 Schedule of Directors and Officers 

 As of December 31, 2022 

Director/Officer 
 Type 
 Number 
 Grant Date 
 Grant Price 
 Maturity Date 
 Vesting Schedule 

Geraldine Glazer 
 Full 
 201 
 02/18/2021 
 149.92 
 02/18/2025 
 3 years 

Full 
 198 
 02/22/2022 
 151.90 
 02/22/2026 
 3 years 

Robert Haines 
 Full 
 465 
 02/15/2019 
 68.06 
 02/15/2023 
 3 years 

Full 
 375 
 02/28/2020 
 78.30 
 02/28/2024 
 3 years 

Full 
 201 
 02/18/2021 
 149.92 
 02/18/2025 
 3 years 

Full 
 198 
 02/22/2022 
 151.90 
 02/22/2026 
 3 years 

James Hockenberry 
 Full 
 465 
 02/15/2019 
 68.06 
 02/15/2023 
 3 years 

Full 
 375 
 02/28/2020 
 78.30 
 02/28/2024 
 3 years 

Full 
 201 
 02/18/2021 
 149.92 
 02/18/2025 
 3 years 

Full 
 198 
 02/22/2022 
 151.90 
 02/22/2026 
 3 years 

Daniel Hrynkow 
 Full 
 754 
 08/27/2019 
 79.57 
 08/27/2023 
 3 years 

Full 
 435 
 08/24/2020 
 138.01 
 08/24/2024 
 3 years 

Full 
 404 
 08/25/2021 
 148.68 
 08/25/2025 
 3 years 

Full 
 511 
 08/19/2022 
 117.55 
 08/19/2026 
 3 years 

Edwin B. Moran 
 Full 
 930 
 02/15/2019 
 68.06 
 02/15/2023 
 3 years 

Full 
 750 
 02/28/2020 
 78.30 
 02/28/2024 
 3 years 

Full 
 402 
 02/18/2021 
 149.92 
 02/18/2025 
 3 years 

Full 
 494 
 02/22/2022 
 151.90 
 02/22/2026 
 3 years 

Dean W. Rivest 
 Full 
 930 
 02/15/2019 
 68.06 
 02/15/2023 
 3 years 

Full 
 750 
 02/28/2020 
 78.30 
 02/28/2024 
 3 years 

Full 
 603 
 02/18/2021 
 149.92 
 02/18/2025 
 3 years 

Full 
 593 
 02/22/2022 
 151.90 
 02/22/2026 
 3 years 

Timothy P. Scanlan 
 Full 
 930 
 02/15/2019 
 68.06 
 02/15/2023 
 3 years 

Full 
 750 
 02/28/2020 
 78.30 
 02/28/2024 
 3 years 

Full 
 402 
 02/18/2021 
 149.92 
 02/18/2025 
 3 years 

Full 
 395 
 02/22/2022 
 151.90 
 02/22/2026 
 3 years 

Matthew F. Unger 
 Full 
 395 
 02/22/2022 
 151.90 
 02/22/2026 
 3 years 

James Upchurch 
 Full 
 754 
 08/27/2019 
 79.57 
 08/27/2023 
 3 years 

Full 
 435 
 08/24/2020 
 138.01 
 08/24/2024 
 3 years 

Full 
 404 
 08/25/2021 
 148.68 
 08/25/2025 
 3 years 

Full 
 511 
 08/19/2022 
 117.55 
 08/19/2026 
 3 years 

</EX-10.18>

<EX-10.20>
 4
 ex10-20.htm

EXHIBIT
10.20 

Schedule
of Change of Control Agreements 

Susan
 Asch 
 
 David
 Edler 
 
 Geraldine
 Glazer 
 
 Robert
 Haines 
 
 James
 Hockenberry 
 
 Daniel
 Hrynkow 
 
 Edwin
 Moran 
 
 Dean
 Rivest 
 
 Timothy
 Scanlan 
 
 Steven
 Treichel 
 
 Matthew
 Unger 
 
 James
 Upchurch 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 ex21-1.htm

EXHIBIT
21.1 

LIST
OF SUBSIDIARIES of OMEGA FLEX, INC. 

Name 
 
 Jurisdiction
 of Formation 
 
 Exton
 Ranch, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Omega
 Flex Limited 
 
 England 
 
 Omega
 Flex Industrial Limited 
 
 England 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 ex23-1.htm

EXHIBIT
23.1 

CONSENT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We
consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement (Nos. 333-135515, 333-228784 and 333-231739) on Form S-8 of Omega
Flex, Inc. of our reports dated March 10, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting of Omega Flex, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Omega Flex, Inc. for the year ended December
31, 2022. 

/s/
RSM US LLP 

Blue
Bell, Pennsylvania 

 March
10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 ex31-1.htm

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certification
by the Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Kevin R. Hoben, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Omega Flex, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 

/s/
 Kevin R. Hoben 

Kevin
 R. Hoben 

Chief
Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 ex31-2.htm

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certification
by the Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant
to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I,
Matthew F. Unger, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, of Omega Flex, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3.
 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d)
 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b)
 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
 March 10, 2023 

/s/
 Matthew F. Unger 

Matthew
 F. Unger 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 ex32-1.htm

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Each
of the undersigned hereby certifies, for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, in his capacity as an officer of Omega Flex, Inc. (the
 Company ), that, to his knowledge: 

(a) 
 the
 Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
 Commission (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
 and 

(b) 
 the
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
 of the Company. 

Dated:
 March 10, 2023 

/s/
 Kevin R. Hoben 

Kevin
 R. Hoben 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

/s/
 Matthew F. Unger 

Matthew
 F. Unger 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

This
certification is not deemed to be filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise
subject to the liability of that section. This certification is not deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the
Securities Act of 1933 or Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 oflx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 oflx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 oflx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 oflx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

