<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1889112_0001193125-23-085522.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4484179</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>410852</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>850792</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1142770</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1009844</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>955210</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-085522.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160625
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-085522
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Cartesian Growth Corp II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001889112
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41378
		FILM NUMBER:		23780683

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 FIFTH AVENUE, 15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 461-6363

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		505 FIFTH AVENUE, 15TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-085522.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 d367373d10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 

to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

N/A 

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

, 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Table of Contents 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates
 of the Registrant on June 30, 2022, based upon the closing price of 10.02
 of the Registrant s common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Capital Market, was approximately 
 million. Common stock held by each officer and director and by each person known to the registrant who owned 10 or more of the outstanding voting and non-voting
 common stock have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of March 30
, 2023, 
Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and Class B ordinary shares par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding, respectively. 

Auditor Firm ID: 

Auditor Name: 
 
 Auditor Location: 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

3 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

3 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

8 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

38 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

38 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

38 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

38 

PART II 

38 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

38 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

39 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

40 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

43 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

43 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

43 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

43 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

43 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

44 

PART III 

45 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

45 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

49 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

50 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

51 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

53 

PART IV 

54 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

54 

Item 16. 
 
 Form 10-K Summary 

55 

SIGNATURES 

i 

Table of Contents 

CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report or unless the context otherwise requires references to: 

we, us, company or our company are to Cartesian Growth Corporation II, a Cayman Islands exempted company; 

Class A ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares of par value 0.0001 per share in the share capital of the company; 

Class B ordinary shares are to our Class B ordinary shares of par value 0.0001 per share in the share capital of the company; 

Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may be amended from time to time; 

directorCo is to CGC II Sponsor DirectorCo LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially purchased by our sponsor and directorCo in a private placement prior to the initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (for the avoidance of doubt, such shares of our Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares 

initial shareholders are to our sponsor, directorCo and the other holders of our founder shares prior to the closing of the initial public offering; 

management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors; 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; 

private placement warrants are to the warrants we sold to our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co. in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering; 

public shares and public warrants are to the Class A ordinary shares and warrants, respectively, which were sold as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether they were purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders and public warrant holders are to the holders of our public shares and public warrants, including our sponsor and management team to the extent they purchase public shares or public warrants, provided that their status as public shareholders and public warrant holders shall exist only with respect to such public shares or public warrants; 

sponsor are to CGC II Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; 

sponsor loan are to the loan our sponsor made to us simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering; and 

sponsor loan warrants are to the warrants that may be issued to our sponsor upon conversion of the sponsor loan as described in this Annual Report. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect to future events and financial performance, and any other statements of a future or forward-looking nature, constitute forward-looking statements for the purpose of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our expectations around the performance of a prospective target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the increased rate of inflation in the United States; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors elsewhere in this report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A may not be exhaustive. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I Item 1. Business Introduction We are a blank check company newly incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company and incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, or reorganization or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as our initial business combination. While we may pursue our initial business combination in any business industry or sector, we have initially focused on seeking high-growth businesses with proven or potential transnational operations or outlooks in order to capitalize on the experience, reputation, and network of our management team. Furthermore, we seek target businesses where we believe we will have an opportunity to drive ongoing value creation after our initial business combination is completed, as our management team has done with multiple investments over a wide range of sectors, industries and geographical locations. Initial Public Offering On May 10, 2022, we consummated the initial public offering of 23,000,000 units, including the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 8,900,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant in a private placement to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 8,900,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, our sponsor loaned us 4,600,000 at no interest. The sponsor loan will be repaid or converted into sponsor loan warrants at a conversion price of 1.00 per sponsor loan warrant, at the sponsor s discretion. The sponsor loan warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants. If we do not complete an initial business combination, we will not repay the sponsor loan from amounts held in the trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee established for the benefit of our public shareholders (the trust account ), and the proceeds held in the trust account will be distributed to the holders of our Class A Ordinary Shares. A total of 236,900,000 10.30 per unit) of the net proceeds from the initial public offering, including the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the sale of the private placement warrants and the sponsor loan, was placed in the trust account. Transaction costs of the initial public offering amounted to 16,804,728, consisting of 4,600,000 of underwriting commissions, 11,500,000 of deferred underwriting commissions and 704,728 of other offering costs. Management Expertise Our sponsor is an affiliate of Cartesian Capital Group, LLC Cartesian ), a global private equity firm and registered investment adviser headquartered in New York City, New York. Cartesian has extensive experience providing growth capital to companies around the world. Since its inception in 2006, Cartesian has managed more than 3 billion in committed capital. Cartesian was founded by Peter Yu, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, who previously founded and served as Chief Executive Officer of AIG Capital Partners, Inc. AIGCP ), a leading international private equity firm with over 4.5 billion in committed capital. Cartesian s team currently consists of 23 professionals, who together have more than 300 years of international private equity experience. Collectively, the Cartesian team has executed more than 55 market-leading investments across 30 countries. Over the years, the Cartesian team has developed an extensive network of relationships, particularly in North America, Europe, South America, and Asia, and an established record of innovative and opportunistic investing, consistent discipline, and significant value creation for all stakeholders. We believe our team has the required analytic, financial, and operational expertise to complete a successful initial business combination and generate attractive risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. Business Strategy Our acquisition and value-creation strategy is to identify and combine with an established high-growth company that can benefit from both a constructive combination and continued value-creation by our management team. We believe that our management team s cycle-tested and distinctive investment approach will contribute to a successful initial business combination and the continued development of the combined company. This approach involves a growth-oriented strategy and disciplined value-creation which we believe the Cartesian team has consistently maintained and refined for over more than 20 years. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Cartesian s strategy is to provide growth capital to closely-held firms and assist their development as world-class multinational companies. Our management team has built numerous market-leading transnational companies across a wide range of sectors, regions, and countries. As growth-capital investors, our management team has generated investment returns through intelligent growth and thoughtful internationalization of businesses in cooperation with incumbent owners and management teams. We believe this proven, partnership-driven, skill set should be particularly attractive to potential target companies. In terms of value-creation, our management team has helped companies develop through organic growth, targeted combinations, opportunistic aggregation of individual assets, and fundamental transformations. Our team has worked closely with management teams to develop new market-entry strategies, evaluate acquisition and disposal targets, and implement risk management, business intelligence, and strategic planning functions. We believe that this extensive track record of value creation should also enhance our ability to complete a successful business combination. For more than 20 years, the Cartesian team has employed a consistent strategy to identify and create investment opportunities focusing on long-term continuities and short-term dislocations. We define continuities as large-scale forces (e.g., demographic, industrial, technological) driving global economic change over a multi-decadal period. We define dislocations as inefficiencies that result in a temporary divergence between value and price, whether fueled by macroeconomic, sectoral, corporate, or even familial events. We will employ this same approach to identify potential target businesses. From our longstanding practice, we have developed an extensive network of relationships with commercially successful families and privately held businesses in a wide range of industries and sectors around the world. We have worked closely with the advisors to those families and businesses, who often refer projects, companies, and potential partners to us. We will draw on this network as well as our expertise and relationships globally to develop a robust flow of acquisition opportunities. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we consider relevant in evaluating prospective target businesses. We intend to use these criteria and guidelines in evaluating acquisition opportunities, but we may decide to enter into our initial business combination with a target business that does not meet any of these criteria and guidelines. We intend to seek to acquire target businesses that: 

we believe have meaningful and attractive high-growth potential, whether organic or inorganic; 

have been identified through a proprietary process rather than a competitive process; 

we believe have proven business models as we do not intend to assume risks of unproven technologies; 

have significant transnational operations or attractive potential for transnational operations; 

operate in a manner consistent with the United Nations Principles for Responsible Investment or can promptly be aligned to operate in accordance with such principles; 

are led by proven management teams; 

are owned in large part by a family, management team and/or sponsor that will retain a significant portion of the equity capital of the business after our initial business combination; 

are supportive of and welcome additional value-creation and institution-building efforts, including enhanced corporate governance and financial transparency, expanded business intelligence and strategic planning activity and improved risk management capabilities; and 

are willing to participate in our initial business combination on terms that will offer an attractive valuation for our shareholders. These criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive or inviolate. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors and criteria that our management may deem relevant. In the event that we decide to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that does not meet the above criteria and guidelines, we will disclose that the target business does not meet the above criteria and guidelines in our shareholder communications related to our initial business combination, which would be in the form of proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we would file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Initial Business Combination Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable, if any, on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If we do not obtain a fairness opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, with respect to such criteria, the fair market value of such a target would be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value, discounted cash flow valuation, or value of comparable businesses. We can provide no assurances that our management team s expertise will guarantee a successful initial business combination. In addition, our management team is not required to devote a significant or certain amount of time to our businesses and our management team is currently devoting time to, and is involved with, other businesses. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. We will have until 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering, or November 10, 2023, to consummate an initial business combination. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in our initial business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. Nasdaq rules require that our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable, if any, on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our initial business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender offer or for seeking shareholder approval, as applicable. Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review that will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial and other information that will be made available to us. We also expect to utilize our operational and capital planning experience. Given our experience, we will have the capacity to appropriately source opportunities and conduct a substantial portion of due diligence ourselves, relying less on third parties than many other similar companies. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, or any of their respective affiliates, although we do not intend to do so. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director may be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entities. Any such companies, businesses or investments may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. If any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity first and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. We do not believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors will materially affect our ability to complete our business combination. In addition, we may, at our option, pursue an affiliated joint acquisition with an entity to which an officer or director has a fiduciary or contractual obligation. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by undertaking a specified future issuance to such parties. Human Capital Resources We currently have two executive officers. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any member of our management team will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Our Website Our corporate website address is https://www.cartesiangrowth.com/cgc2 . The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into this report. Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and public warrants under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ), international financing reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We will be required to comply with the internal control requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act beginning for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. On May 5, 2022, we filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Item 1A. Risk Factors Summary Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including those highlighted in the section titled Risk Factors, below. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section titled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may adversely affect our ability to effect an initial business combination, and may have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Such risks include, but are not limited to : 

we are an early stage incorporated exempted company with no operating history; 

lack of opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination; 

lack of protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies; 

third-party claims reducing the per-share redemption price; 

our shareholders being held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

delay in receiving distributions from the trust account; 

the exercise of registration rights by our security holders may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares; 

our initial shareholders controlling a substantial interest in us; 

deviation from acquisition criteria and guidelines; 

issuance of equity and/or debt securities to complete a business combination; 

lack of working capital; 

ability to obtain additional financing; 

our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 

failure to enforce our sponsor s indemnification obligations; 

negative interest rate for securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account; 

resources spent researching acquisitions that are not consummated; 

dependence on key personnel; 

past performance by our management team is not indicative of future performance of an investment in us; 

conflicts of interest of our sponsor, officers and directors; 

the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and related risks; 

the delisting of our securities by Nasdaq; 

warrant holders limited to exercising warrants only on a cashless basis; 

ability to amend the terms of our warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants; 

shares being redeemed and warrants becoming worthless; 

adverse effect of warrants on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares; 

our shareholders inability to vote or redeem their shares in connection with our extensions; 

disadvantageous timing for redeeming warrants; 
 8 

Table of Contents 

there is currently no market for our securities and a market for our securities may not develop; 

completing a business combination with a company located in a foreign jurisdiction; 

changes in laws or regulations, or our failure to comply with any laws and regulations; 

uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequence; and 

difficulties and limitations in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts. You should carefully consider these and the other risks set forth in the section entitled Risk Factors of this Annual Report. Risk Factors An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to Our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We are an early stage incorporated exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are an early stage incorporated exempted company with no operating results, and we will not commence operations until after the consummation of our initial business combination. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning an initial business combination and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may not hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination unless the business combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our initial shareholders, directors and officers have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Unlike many other blank check companies in which the initial shareholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public shareholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed (and their permitted transferees will agree), pursuant to the terms of a letter agreement entered into with us, to vote their founder shares as well as any public shares purchased during or after this offering, in favor of our initial business combination. Our officers and directors have also agreed, pursuant to the terms of letter agreements, to vote any public shares owned by them immediately before the initial public offering as well as any public shares acquired in the initial public offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination. Our initial shareholders own 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary shareholder approval will be received than would be the case if our initial shareholders agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by our public shareholders. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek shareholder approval of such business combination. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Additionally, since our board of directors may complete our initial business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, if we do not seek shareholder approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into an initial business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with a business combination and such amount of deferred underwriting discount is not available for us to use as consideration in an initial business combination. If we are able to consummate an initial business combination, the per-share value of shares held by non-redeeming shareholders will reflect our obligation to pay and the payment of the deferred underwriting commissions. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and, therefore, we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful increases. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning an initial business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination by November 10, 2023. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating an initial business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to November 10, 2023. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. The COVID-19 pandemic resulted in a widespread health crisis that has adversely affected the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by negative impacts on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and subsequent sanctions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities. The United States and global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the escalation of geopolitical tensions and the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia in February 2022. In response to such invasion, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe. The United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing military conflict in Ukraine is highly unpredictable, the conflict could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply chain interruptions. Additionally, Russian military actions and the resulting sanctions could adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. Any of the abovementioned factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian invasion of Ukraine and subsequent sanctions, could adversely affect our search for a business combination and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination. The extent and duration of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities, cross-border transactions or our ability to raise equity or debt financing in connection with any particular business combination. If these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public shareholders may receive only 10.30 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed that we must complete our initial business combination by November 10, 2023. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of the COVID-19 coronavirus, the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia, the increased rate of inflation in the United States and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

If we have not completed our initial business combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.30 per share, or less than 10.30 per share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.30 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share and other risk factors herein. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may elect to purchase shares from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our initial shareholders, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates may purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgement that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our sponsor, directors, executive officers, advisors or any of their affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of our initial business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of our initial business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. This may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares. For example, we may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

The founder shares beneficially owned by our initial shareholders, our officers and directors will not participate in liquidating distributions and, therefore, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is appropriate for our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors have entered into letter agreements with us, copies of which are filed as exhibits to this Annual report on Form 10-K, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, and our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any public shares they may acquire during or after the initial public offering, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. Our initial shareholders have also waived their right to receive distributions with respect to their founder shares upon our liquidation if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination. Accordingly, the founder shares will be worthless if we do not consummate our initial business combination. The private placement warrants and any other warrants they acquire will also be worthless if we do not consummate an initial business combination. The personal and financial interests of our initial shareholders, officers and directors may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. We may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price which is less than the prevailing market price of our shares at that time. In connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.30 per share or which approximates the per-share amount in our trust account at such time. The purpose of such issuances in PIPE transactions will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue in PIPE transactions may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less, than the market price for our shares at such time. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the initial public offering, the sale of the private placement warrants and the sponsor loan are intended to be used to complete our initial business combination with a target business that has not been identified, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the U.S. securities laws. However, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering, the sale of the private placement warrants and the sponsor loan, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, in the event we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we are obligated to pay cash for our Class A ordinary shares, it will potentially reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share and other risk factors herein. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

If the funds not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least November 10, 2023, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the closing of the initial public offering, or November 10, 2023, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through the initial public offering and potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in the section of this Annual Report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. We believe that, upon the closing of the initial public offering, the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least November 10, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public shareholders may receive less than 10.30 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share and other risk factors herein. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering, the sale of the private placement warrants and the sponsor loan not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate until at least November 10, 2023, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business combination, to pay our taxes, if any, and to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. Our sponsor is not obligated to fund such loans. The funds available to us outside of the trust account to fund our working capital requirements may not be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least December 22, 2022, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our Sponsor will be sufficient to allow us to operate until at least November 10, 2023; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to loan funds to, or otherwise invest in, us in such circumstances. Any such loans would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.30 per share, or less in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless., our public shareholders may receive less than 10.30 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share and other risk factors below. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to subsequently take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed by them to our company, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by November 10, 2023, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond the ten business day period thereafter before redemption from our trust account. If we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by November 10, 2023, we will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem all public shares then outstanding at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, less up to 100,000 of interest for our dissolution expenses, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares and cease all operations except for the purposes of winding up of our affairs by way of a voluntary liquidation, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account shall be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to our commencing any voluntary liquidation. If we are required to liquidate prior to distributing the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, then such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the ten business days following the 18-month initial business combination period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and then only in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. We are not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, permitted to effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected any specific target business with respect to an initial business combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our securities will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a shareholder or warrant holder, respectively, following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed by them to us, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. The requirement that the target business or businesses that we acquire must collectively have a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the balance of the funds in the trust account (excluding any taxes payable) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination may limit the type and number of companies with which we may complete such a business combination. Nasdaq rules and our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that the target business or businesses that we acquire must have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable, if any, on the income earned on the trust account) at the time of the execution of a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. This restriction may limit the type and number of companies that we may complete a business combination with. If we are unable to locate a target business or businesses that satisfy this fair market value test, we may be forced to liquidate and you will only be entitled to receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account, which may be less than 10.30 per share. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community, such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value, discounted cash flow valuation, or value of comparable businesses. Such standards used will be disclosed in our tender offer documents or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Unlike most other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to complete an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by us in connection with or in relation to the completion of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of a target business in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor or any of its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than most other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may have limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to us, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the tender offer materials or proxy statement relating to the business combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

We may engage in an initial business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, executive officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers and directors. Our executive officers and directors also serve as officers and/or board members for other entities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning an initial business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for an initial business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of an initial business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, executive officers or directors, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co. will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. As of the date of this Annual Report, there are 5,750,000 founder shares outstanding, all of which are held of record by our sponsor. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the total number of outstanding public shares and founder shares after the initial public offering. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co. purchased an aggregate of 8,900,000 private placement warrants, each of which such warrants will be exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. Of those 8,900,000 private placement warrants, 6,600,000 warrants were purchased by our sponsor, 1,897,500 warrants were purchased by Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and 402,500 warrants were purchased by Piper Sandler Co. The private placement warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. The initial shareholders have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination and (ii) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote or tender offer to approve or in connection with a proposed initial business combination. In addition, if we do not complete an initial business combination, we will not repay the sponsor loan from amounts held in the trust account, and we would most likely not have other available funds to repay the sponsor loan. The personal and financial interests of our initial shareholders may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as November 10, 2023, nears, which is the deadline for the completion of our initial business combination. Our independent directors have a financial interest in our founder shares, either directly or through directorCo. They acquired that interest at no cost. As a result, our independent directors have a financial interest in consummating an initial business combination, even if our stock declines in value after that business combination and our public shareholders experience losses in connection with their investment. However, if we do not consummate our initial business combination, the founder shares would be worthless. The financial interest of our independent directors in the founder shares may give rise to a potential conflict of interest in considering potential target businesses. You should consider this potential conflict of interest in deciding whether to invest in the initial public offering and whether to redeem your shares at the time of our initial business combination. On October 20, 2021, our sponsor and directorCo purchased 5,750,000 founder shares for a purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share. Our independent directors are members of directorCo, and have a financial interest in directorCo s founder shares. Our independent directors acquired that membership interest at no cost. Consequently, our independent directors may profit substantially if we consummate our initial business combination, even if our stock price declines in value after that business combination and our public shareholders, who typically have purchased their units or shares for prices at or about 10.00 each, experience significant losses in connection with their investment. If we fail to consummate an initial business combination, however, the founder shares will be worthless, although in contrast our public shareholders will receive a pro rata distribution of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account. As a result, the financial interest of our independent directors in our founder shares may prompt them to consider an initial business combination with a risky target business and/or on terms that may not be favorable to our public shareholders, particularly as the deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. You should consider our independent directors potential conflict of interest when deciding whether to invest in the initial public offering. If you do invest in the initial public offering, you should consider this potential conflict of interest when you decide whether to redeem your shares at the time of our initial business combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete our initial business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report to issue any notes or other debt securities (other than the sponsor loan), or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy and other purposes; and 

other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. We may be able to complete only one business combination with the net proceeds of the initial public offering, the sale of the private placement warrants and the sponsor loan, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. By definition, very little public information exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in an initial business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. If we effect our initial business combination with a business located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. We may effect an initial business combination with a business located outside of the United States. If we do, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with businesses operating in the target s home jurisdiction, including any of the following: 

rules and regulations or currency conversion or corporate withholding taxes on individuals and shareholders generally; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

differing laws and regulations regarding exchange listing and delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

inflation greater than that experienced in the United States; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

crime, strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks and wars; and 

deterioration of political relations with the United States. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we are unable to do so, our operations might suffer. If we effect our initial business combination with a business located outside of the United States, the laws applicable to such business will likely govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. If we effect our initial business combination with a business located outside of the United States, the laws of the country in which such business operates will govern almost all of the material agreements relating to its operations. The target business may not be able to enforce any of its material agreements or enforce remedies for breaches of those agreements in that jurisdiction. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Additionally, if we acquire a business located outside of the United States, it is likely that substantially all of our assets would be located outside of the United States and some of our officers and directors might reside outside of the United States. As a result, it may not be possible for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of U.S. courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties of our directors and officers under federal securities laws. Because of the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, our results of operations may be negatively impacted. Managing a business, operations, personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the United States) may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes and labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations, personnel and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our financial and operational performance. We may re-domicile into another foreign jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern all of our material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another foreign jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction would likely govern all of our material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the Cayman Islands or the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Any such re-domiciliation and the international nature of our business will likely subject us to foreign regulation. We may migrate to another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination and such migration may result in taxes imposed on shareholders. As a Cayman Islands entity, we do not have access to a network of income tax treaties to protect us from withholding taxes or gains taxes that may be imposed by other jurisdictions. As a result, it may not be possible to effect repatriation of earnings or the receipt of income from our investments in a tax efficient manner. Accordingly, we may, in connection with our initial business combination or earlier, and subject to requisite shareholder approval under the Companies Act, transfer by way of continuation (migrate) to a different jurisdiction, including, for example, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located. Such a transaction may require a shareholder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder is a tax resident and/or the jurisdictions in which its owners are resident if it is a tax transparent entity under the tax laws of such jurisdictions (including under any anti-deferral regime). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders to pay such taxes. Shareholders may also be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes imposed by the jurisdiction where we are migrated to with respect to their ownership of us. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

Many countries have difficult and unpredictable legal systems and underdeveloped laws and regulations that are unclear and subject to corruption and inexperience, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our ability to seek and enforce legal protections, including with respect to intellectual property and other property rights, or to defend ourselves with regard to legal actions taken against us in a given country, may be difficult or impossible, which could adversely impact our operations, assets or financial condition. Rules and regulations in many countries are often ambiguous or open to differing interpretation by responsible individuals and agencies at the municipal, state, regional and federal levels. The attitudes and actions of such individuals and agencies are often difficult to predict and inconsistent. Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations, including those relating to customs, tax, environmental and labor, could cause serious disruption to operations abroad and negatively impact our results. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with U.S. securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management team may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with U.S. securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with such laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues, which may adversely affect our operations. Currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many companies have entered into business combinations with special purpose acquisition companies, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many additional special purpose acquisition companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, effort and resources to identify a suitable target for an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, including the recent invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the resulting sanctions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find a suitable target for and/or complete our initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We may structure an initial business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the outstanding equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain our control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these trends will not continue. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (such that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our initial shareholders, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the past, amended various provisions of their constitutional documents. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that will make it easier for us to consummate an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their constitutional documents. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of initial business combination, increased redemption thresholds and changed industry focus. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to our initial business combination. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, being (i) the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, each pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by November 10, 2023, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (less any interest released to us for taxes, if any), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in letter agreements that we have entered into with our initial shareholders, officers and directors. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) relating to the rights and obligations attaching to our Class A ordinary shares and certain aspects of our pre-business combination activity may be amended with the approval of a special resolution being (i) the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the trust agreement to facilitate the consummation of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their constitutional documents which prohibits the amendment of certain provisions, including those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. Amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s public shareholders in many cases. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions, including those related to pre-business combination activity, may be amended if approved by special resolution, being (i) the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of many blank check companies. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of our founder shares and our Class A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the consummation of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed, each pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by November 10, 2023, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (less any interest released to us for taxes, if any), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. These agreements are contained in letter agreements that we have entered into with our initial shareholders, officers and directors. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers and directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the initial public offering, the sale of the private placement warrants and the sponsor loan will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet identified any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering, the sale of the private placement warrants and the sponsor loan prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, less up to 100,000 of interest for dissolution expenses, on the liquidation of our trust account. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share, or less in some circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. Our sponsor and affiliated entities control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders collectively own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the total number of our founder shares and our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors or their affiliates could determine in the future to make purchases of securities in the open market or in private transactions, to the extent permitted by law. In connection with any vote for a proposed business combination, our sponsor has agreed to vote the founder shares owned by it immediately before the initial public offering, and our initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to vote any Class A ordinary shares acquired in the initial public offering or in the aftermarket in favor of such proposed business combination. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your voting rights under corporate law for up to 18 months. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, fewer than half of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our sponsor, because of its ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. In addition, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the holders of our founder shares may, by ordinary resolution under our amended and restated articles of association, remove a member of our board of directors for any reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. Our outstanding warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effect a business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 7,666,666 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units sold in the initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we issued in a private placement 8,900,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share. We may also issue additional warrants to our sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates upon redemption of promissory notes issued to such entities or individuals for loans made to supplement our working capital requirements, as described elsewhere in this Annual Report. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares to effect a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle in the eyes of a target business. Such securities, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the shares issued to complete the business combination. Accordingly, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business combination or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Additionally, the sale, or even the possibility of sale, of the shares underlying the warrants could have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities or on our ability to obtain future financing. If and to the extent these warrants are exercised, you may experience dilution to your holdings. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Our warrants are accounted for as liabilities and the changes in value of our warrants could have a material effect on our financial results and may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC (the SEC Staff issued a public statement entitled Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (SPACs) (the SEC Statement ), wherein the SEC Staff expressed its view that certain terms and conditions common to SPAC warrants may require the warrants to be classified as liabilities on the SPAC s balance sheet as opposed to being treated as equity. Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain settlement terms and provisions related to certain tender offers following a business combination, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing our warrants. The SEC Statement uniformly affected all SPACs by identifying that industry practice constituted a material weakness with respect to the accounting treatment for SPAC warrants. As a result of the SEC Statement, we reevaluated the accounting treatment of our warrants, and pursuant to the guidance in the Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Codification Topic 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity , determined the warrants should be classified as derivative liabilities measured at fair value on our balance sheet, with any changes in fair value to be reported each period in earnings on our statement of operations. As a result of the recurring fair value measurement, our financial statements may fluctuate quarterly, based on factors which are outside of our control. Due to the recurring fair value measurement, we expect that we will recognize non-cash gains or losses on our warrants each reporting period and that the amount of such gains or losses could be material. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, potential targets may prefer combining with a special purpose acquisition company that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to complete an initial business combination. Unlike most blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described herein will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. If we do not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination, shareholders will not be afforded an opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management until such time. Unless otherwise required by law or Nasdaq, we do not currently intend to call an annual general meeting until after we consummate our initial business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on an initial business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or U.S. GAAP, or international financing reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or executive officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Risks Relating to Our Securities Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are currently listed on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. Additionally, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. A market for our securities may not fully develop or be sustained, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. The price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic conditions, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and resulting sanctions, and other events (such as terrorist attacks, geopolitical unrest, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases). An active trading market for our securities may not fully develop or be sustained. Additionally, if our securities become delisted from Nasdaq for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Pink Sheets, an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities not listed on a national exchange, the liquidity and price of our securities may be more limited than if we were listed on Nasdaq or another national exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be fully developed and sustained. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, public holders will only be able to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis. If we do not maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants at the time that holders wish to exercise such warrants, they will only be able to exercise them on a cashless basis. As a result, the number of Class A ordinary shares that holders will receive upon exercise of the public warrants will be fewer than it would have been had such holders exercised their warrants for cash. Under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a current and effective prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to do so. If we are unable to do so, the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company may be reduced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the private placement warrants and any other warrants that may be issued to our officers, directors, sponsor or their affiliates may be exercisable for unregistered Class A ordinary shares for cash even if the prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not current and effective. An investor will be able to exercise a warrant only if the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon such exercise has been registered or qualified or is deemed exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. No public warrants will be exercisable for cash and we will not be obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares unless the shares issuable upon such exercise have been registered or qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the holder of the warrants. At the time that the warrants become exercisable, we expect to continue to be listed on a national securities exchange, which would provide an exemption from registration in every state. Accordingly, we believe holders in every state will be able to exercise their warrants as long as our prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is current. However, we cannot assure you of this fact. If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not qualified or exempt from qualification in the jurisdictions in which the holders of the warrants reside, the warrants may be deprived of any value, the market for the warrants may be limited and they may expire worthless if they cannot be sold. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Piper Sandler Co. or their permitted transferees. Our management s ability to require holders of our warrants to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their warrants for cash. If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant (including any warrants held by our sponsor, officers, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised his warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company. Because each unit contains one-third of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one share and one whole warrant to purchase one share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase one whole share. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the warrants in a way that may be adverse to holders with the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants. Our warrants have been issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus for our initial public offering, or defective provision, (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants; provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 65 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions that will be contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances could substantially dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share and 1,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, there are 180,000,000, 15,000,000 and 1,000,000 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares, Class B ordinary shares and preference shares, respectively, available for issuance which amounts do not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants, any sponsor loan warrants that may be issued or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares or any other securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional ordinary shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial public offering; 

could cause a change of control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. The grant of registration rights to our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Piper Sandler Co. and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement entered into prior to the closing of the initial public offering, a copy of which is filed as exhibit to this Annual Report, our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Piper Sandler Co. and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the founder shares, the private placement warrants and any sponsor loan warrants and the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants and any sponsor loan warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans can demand that we register such warrants or Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. Risks Relating to Our Management Team Past performance by our management team and their affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Information regarding performance by our management team and their affiliates is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance by our management team and their affiliates is not a guarantee either (i) that we will be able to identify a suitable candidate for our initial business combination or (ii) of success with respect to any business combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team and their affiliates as indicative of our future performance of an investment in the company or the returns the company will, or is likely to, generate going forward. We are dependent upon our executive officers and directors and their departure could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and in particular, Peter Yu, our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman, Beth Michelson, our Chief Financial Officer, Rafael de Luque one of our directors and team members of Cartesian, including Gregory Armstrong, Paul Hong, Dylan Avery, Martin Biely, Nam Trinh and Andrew Wehrley. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our executive officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our executive officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or executive officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or executive officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of our or our target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel with regard to our selection of a target company. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to his fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any of our key personnel will remain with us after the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for an initial business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our executive officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation and our executive officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers or board members for other entities. If our executive officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our executive officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, including other blank check companies, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Our executive officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities that are engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us. In addition, our sponsor has, and our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future, participate in the formation of, or become an officer or director of, any other blank check company prior to completion of our initial business combination. As a result, our sponsor, officers or directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. However, we do not believe that any potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the other entities to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to other entities prior to its presentation to us, subject to his fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Our executive officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, executive officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or executive officers, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, our directors and officers would need to ensure that they act in accordance with their fiduciary duties owed to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and make, in the case of our directors, the requisite disclosures for the purposes of our amended and restated articles of association in default of which we might have a claim against such individuals to the extent that it can be demonstrated that loss has been suffered by us as a result of such actions. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. Risks Relating to the Trust Account You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares and/or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial business combination by November 10, 2023 or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not completed an initial business by November 10, 2023, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not completed an initial business combination by November 10, 2023, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business, except our independent registered public accounting firm, execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver only if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.30 per share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.30 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no such indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our disinterested directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our disinterested directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our disinterested directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by such directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our disinterested directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.30 per share. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,293 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in Trust Account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. General Risk Factors We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of any second quarter of a fiscal year, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the end of such fiscal year. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Changes in laws or regulations or how such laws or regulations are interpreted or applied, or a failure to comply with any laws or regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are and will be subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments and, potentially, foreign jurisdictions. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements, our business combination may be contingent on our ability to comply with certain laws and regulations and any post-business combination company may be subject to additional laws and regulations. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time, including as a result of changes in economic, political social and government policies, and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate or complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules (the 2022 Proposed Rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies; amending the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; effectively limiting the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may increase the costs and time needed to negotiate and complete an initial business combination or impair our ability to complete an initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions on the nature of our investments; and 

restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration as an investment company with the SEC; 

adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are not currently subject to. In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete an initial business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in U.S. government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We estimate that the interest earned on the trust account will be approximately 309,000 per year, assuming an interest rate of 0.15 per year; however, we can provide no assurance regarding this amount. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. Our securities are not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our primary business objective, which is to complete an initial business combination; (ii) absent an initial business combination, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares, and (iii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by November 10, 2023 or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. However, if, (i) the 2022 Proposed Rules are adopted by the SEC, (ii) our shareholders vote to extend the time to complete our initial business combination, and (iii) we do not (x) file a report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that we have entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than November 10, 2023, and (y) consummate our initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement for the initial public offering, there is a risk that we would be deemed to be an investment company and subject to the Investment Company Act. Further, if we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. The 2022 Proposed Rule under the Investment Company Act would provide a safe harbor for SPACs from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that they satisfy certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The duration component of the proposed safe harbor rule would require a SPAC to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the SPAC s registration statement for its initial public offering. The SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. Although the 2022 Proposed Rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, the SEC has indicated that there are serious questions concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC that does not complete its initial business combination within the proposed time frame set forth in the proposed safe harbor rule. The 2022 Proposed Rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, have not yet been adopted, and one or more elements of the 2022 Proposed Rules, including the proposed safe harbor rule, may not be adopted or may be adopted in a revised form. Nevertheless, we intend to comply with the terms of the proposed safe harbor rule, including the duration component of that rule. As a result, we do not believe that the SEC would deem us to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act. However, if we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. holder of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend upon the status of an acquired company pursuant to a business combination and whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up. The application of the start-up exception is uncertain, and there can be no assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, we will endeavor to provide a U.S. holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement in order to enable the U.S. holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. holders to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules to holders of our Class A ordinary shares and warrants. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We may not have sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated obligations over the next year from the issuance of these financial statements. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with in accordance with ASC Topic 205-40 Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern, we have until November 10, 2023 to consummate a business combination. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a business combination by this time. If a business combination is not consummated by this date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the company. Management has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the company be required to liquidate after November 10, 2023. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 2. Properties Our executive offices are located at 505 Fifth Avenue, 15 th Floor, New York, New York 10017, and our telephone number is (212) 461-6363. Our executive offices are provided to us by our sponsor. Commencing on May 5, 2022, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Item 3. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and public warrants are traded on Nasdaq under the symbols RENEU, RENE and RENEW respectively. Our units commenced public trading on May 6, 2022. Commencing on June 27, 2022, the holders of the units were permitted to elect to separately trade our Class A ordinary shares and the public warrants included in the units. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Holders As of March 20, 2023, there were 1 holder of record for our units, 1 holder of record for our Class A ordinary shares, 2 holders of record for our Class B ordinary shares and 4 holders of record for our warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Use of Proceeds from Registered Offering On May 10, 2022, we consummated the initial public offering of 23,000,000 units, including the issuance of 3,000,000 units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 230,000,000. The securities sold in our initial public offering were registered under the Securities Act on registration statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-261866). The registration statement became effective on May 5, 2022. Item 6. [Reserved] 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from these anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth in the section titled Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A in this Annual Report. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated in the Cayman Islands on October 13, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or engaging in any other similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We may pursue our initial business combination in any business industry or sector, however, we have focused on seeking high-growth businesses with proven or potential transnational operations or outlooks in order to capitalize on the experience, reputation, and network of our management team. Furthermore, we seek target businesses where we believe we will have an opportunity to drive ongoing value creation after our initial business combination is completed. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the net proceeds of our initial public offering, the sale of the private placement warrants, the sponsor loan, our share capital or a combination of cash, share capital and debt. We expect to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an initial business combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, and since our initial public offering, our activity has been limited to identifying a target company for an initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing, our initial business combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 4,928,507 which consists of a change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 1,706,572, a change in the fair value of the convertible promissory note related party of 1,257,068, and interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 2,845,907, offset by operating and formation costs of 685,056 and transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities of 195,984. For the period from October 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net loss of 3,727 which consists of operating and formation costs. Liquidity and Capital Resources Until the consummation of our initial public offering, our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, by the sponsor and loans from the sponsor. On May 10, 2022, we consummated the initial public offering of 23,000,000 units, including the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option, at a purchase price of 10.00 per unit, generating total gross proceeds of 230,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 8,900,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant in a private placement to the sponsor and Cantor Fitzgerald Co., generating gross proceeds of 8,900,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, the sponsor loaned us 4,600,000 at no interest. The sponsor loan will be repaid or converted into sponsor loan warrants at a conversion price of 1.00 per sponsor loan warrant, at the sponsor s discretion. The sponsor loan warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, we will not repay the sponsor loan from amounts held in the trust account, and the proceeds held in the trust account will be distributed to the holders of the Class A ordinary shares. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

A total of 236,900,000 10.30 per unit) of the net proceeds from the initial public offering, including the full exercise of the over-allotment option, the sale of the private placement warrants and the sponsor loan, was placed in the trust account. Transaction costs of the initial public offering amounted to 16,804,728, consisting of 4,600,000 of underwriting commissions, 11,500,000 of deferred underwriting commissions and 704,728 of other offering costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 842,878. Net income of 4,928,507 was affected by interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 2,845,907, a change in the fair value of a convertible promissory note of 1,257,068, a change in the fair value of warrant liabilities of 1,706,572 and transactions costs allocated to warrant liabilities of 195,984. Changes in operating assets and liabilities was affected by 157,822 of cash used for operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and marketable securities held in the trust account of 239,745,907 (including approximately 2,845,907 of interest income consisting of U.S. treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less). We may withdraw interest from the trust account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less any taxes payable), to complete our initial business combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash held outside of the trust account of 543,667 available for working capital needs. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, and to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required (the working capital loans ). If we complete a business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that a business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the funds held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of the working capital loans may be converted into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants, including, as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no borrowings under any working capital loans. Going Concern In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements Going Concern, management has determined that our liquidity condition raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after November 10, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we had 543,667 in our operating bank accounts, 239,745,907 in marketable securities held in the trust account to be used for the completion of a business combination and/or for the redemption of the public shares if we are unable to complete a business combination by November 10, 2023 (subject to applicable law) and working capital of 631,489. Until the consummation of a business combination or our liquidation, we will use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a business combination, and to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us working capital loans. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or other long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the sponsor a sum of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. We began incurring these fees on May 5, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees on a monthly basis until the earlier of the completion of an initial business combination and our liquidation. The underwriters of our initial public offering are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of 0.50 per unit, or 11,500,000 in the aggregate. Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement for our initial public offering, (i) the deferred underwriting commission was placed in the trust account and will be released to the underwriters only upon the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) the deferred underwriting commission will be waived by the underwriters in the event that we do not complete a business combination. We have engaged legal advisor to provide services related to the consummation of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this agreement, we may be required to pay the legal advisors fees in connection with their services contingent upon a successful initial Business Combination. If a Business Combination does not occur, we would not be required to pay these contingent fees. There can be no assurance that we will complete a Business Combination. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Warrant Liabilities We account for the warrants issued in connection with the initial public offering, which are discussed in Note 3, Note 4 and Note 9 to the financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report, in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 815-40, Derivatives and Hedging, Contracts in Entity s Own Equity. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, we classify each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in our statement of operations. Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption In accordance with FASB ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within our control require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Ordinary liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the provisions of FASB ASC 480-10-S99. All of the 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares contain a redemption feature which allows for the redemption of such public shares in connection with our liquidation, if there is a shareholder vote or tender offer in connection with an initial business combination and in connection with certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, all Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of shareholders deficit on the balance sheets. We recognize changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying value of redeemable ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share We comply with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share, pursuant to which net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. We have two classes of shares, Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from income (loss) per ordinary share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We adopted ASU 2020-16 effective January 1, 2022 and noted there was no impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk. As of December 31, 2022, we were not subject to any market or interest rate risk. Following the consummation of the IPO, the net proceeds of the IPO, including amounts in the Trust Account, have been invested in certain U.S. government obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. This information appears following Item 15 of this Annual Report and is included herein by reference. Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting This Annual Report does not include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. Item 9B. Other Information None. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Peter Yu 
 
 61 
 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Beth Michelson 
 
 53 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 Rafael de Luque 
 
 53 
 
 Director 
 
 Bertrand Grabowski 
 
 66 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Daniel Karp 
 
 45 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Allan Leighton 
 
 69 
 
 Independent Director 
 
 Sheryl Schwartz 
 
 59 
 
 Independent Director 
 Peter Yu has served as our Chief Executive Officer since our inception in October 2021 and has served as Chairman of our board of directors since May 2022. He also is a Managing Partner of Cartesian. At Cartesian, Mr. Yu led more than 20 investments in companies operating in more than 30 countries. Mr. Yu currently serves on the boards of directors of several companies, including Burger King China, Tim Hortons China, Alvarium Tiedemann Holdings, Inc., PolyNatura Corp., Cartesian Royalty Holdings Pte. Ltd., ASO 2020 Maritime, Flybondi, and Simba Sleep Ltd. Prior to forming Cartesian, Mr. Yu founded and served as the President and Chief Executive Officer of AIG Capital Partners, Inc., or AIGCP. Under his leadership, AIGCP became a leading international private equity firm, with more than 4.5 billion in committed capital. Mr. Yu led numerous investments in several regions and served as Chairman of the investment committee of eight AIGCP private equity funds. Prior to founding AIGCP, Mr. Yu served President Bill Clinton as Director to the National Economic Council, the White House office responsible for developing and coordinating economic policy. A graduate of Harvard Law School, Mr. Yu served as President of the Harvard Law Review and as a law clerk on the U.S. Supreme Court. Mr. Yu received a bachelor s degree from Princeton University s Woodrow Wilson School. In addition to his commercial activities, Mr. Yu serves on the Advisory Council for the Princeton School for Public International Affairs, the Advisory Council for the Princeton Institute for International Regional Studies, on the board of directors of The John Paul Stevens Fellowship Foundation and on the Global Council of the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace. Beth Michelson has served as our Chief Financial Officer since our inception in October 2021 and has serve on our board of directors upon completion of the initial public offering. She is also a Partner at Cartesian where she has led numerous investments in digital infrastructure, specialized manufacturing and distribution, and telecommunications services. She serves on the boards of directors of Brilia Participacao S.A., BTS Torres, Inc., Thermal Management Solutions Ltd, Xipron LLC and NorthStar Earth Space, Inc. She also serves on the Global Advisory Board of Columbia Business School s Chazen Institute for Global Business. Prior to the formation of Cartesian, Ms. Michelson served as Vice President at an affiliate of AIGCP, leading investments in media and telecommunications globally. Earlier in her career, Ms. Michelson was an Associate at Wasserstein Perella Emerging Markets focusing on private equity investments and structured products, and worked in financing for media and entertainment at Dresdner Bank AG. Ms. Michelson, a CFA charterholder, received her Master s in Business Administration and Master of International Affairs from Columbia Business School and Columbia s School of International and Public Affairs, respectively, and holds a bachelor s degree from the University of Michigan. Rafael de Luque has served on our board of directors since May 2022. He is also a Partner at Cartesian where he has led transactions in numerous sectors, including in financial services, convenience retail, mobile communications, and legal services. Mr. de Luque currently serves on the boards of directors of Viva Air and Flybondi. Prior to joining Cartesian, Mr. de Luque served as a Vice President at an affiliate of AIGCP, where he specialized in media and content-related investments. Earlier in his career, Mr. de Luque held the position of Financial Consultant at the Inter-American Development Bank. Mr. de Luque, a CFA charterholder, received his Master s in Business Administration from the University of Maryland and holds a bachelor s degree from Universidad de Los Andes in Colombia. Bertrand Grabowski has served on our board of directors since May 2022. He has over 40 years of experience leading transnational finance companies. He served on the board of directors of Cartesian Growth Corporation and serves on the boards of directors of Flybondi since June 2017 and Jazeera Airways since March 2017. From 2005 to 2016, Mr. Grabowski served as Head of Aviation Finance and as a member of the board of managing directors of DVB Bank, leading the company s global aviation finance and investment initiatives. From 2001 to 2004, Mr. Grabowski was a director of the Asset Finance Group at Citigroup with a focus on Japan and certain E.U. countries. From 1985 to 2001, Mr. Grabowski held various roles at Banque Indosuez, renamed Credit Agricole CIB, including as Head of Aviation Finance for the Americas and branch manager of New York, Head of Aviation Finance for Asia, and as a branch manager of Tokyo. Mr. Grabowski started his career at Soci t Navale Delmas-Vieljeux, where he was in charge of all aspects of financing of new vessels for the shipping company from 1981 to 1984. Mr. Grabowski received his Master s in Business Administration from the ESSEC Business School (Paris). 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Daniel Karp has served on our board of directors since May 2022. Mr. Karp, and the teams he has led, have executed dozens of mergers acquisitions (M A) and collaboration transactions, totaling over 80 billion in potential deal value. Mr. Karp is the Senior Vice President, Head of Business Development at Organon Co., a global pharmaceutical company focused on woman s health since January 2021. At Organon, Mr. Karp leads global M A, collaborations, alliance management, and integration. He also served on the board of directors of Cartesian Growth Corporation. From June 2018 to March 2020, he served as Executive Vice President, Corporate Development at Biogen Inc. Prior to joining Biogen Inc., Mr. Karp held a number of positions of increasing responsibility at Pfizer Inc., including as Vice President, Worldwide Business Development and Head of Business Development for Worldwide Research and Development from May 2016 to June 2018, as Vice President, Worldwide Business Development and Business Development Lead for Pfizer Vaccines, Oncology and Consumer Healthcare from January 2014 to May 2016, as Senior Director, Worldwide Business Development from December 2010 to December 2013, as Director, Worldwide Business Development from January 2008 to December 2010, as Senior Manager, Worldwide Business Development from May 2007 to December 2007 and as Manager, U.S. Business Development from July 2006 to April 2007. Prior to that, Mr. Karp held roles in healthcare and life sciences strategy consulting. Mr. Karp holds a Master of Business Administration from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and a bachelor s degree in Biology from Duke University. Allan Leighton has served on our board of directors since May 2022. He is an internationally recognized business leader and currently serves on the board of directors of multiple companies, including Co-Operative Group, Canal and River Trust, Element Materials Technology, Allbright, Northern Bloc, Simba Sleep, C A AG, Pizza Express, and BrewDog. Prior to his current responsibilities, Allan served as CEO of Pandora A/S, and before that as President and Deputy Chairman of Loblaw. He led the modernization and transformation of the Royal Mail, ultimately as the organization s longest-serving Chairman. Earlier in his career he served as CEO of Asda Stores Ltd., which he turned around and led to the successful sale to Wal-Mart, and then served as President CEO of Wal-Mart Europe. In addition, Mr. Leighton previously served as Sales Director at Pedigree Petfoods and as Managing Director and General Sales Manager for Mars. In addition to his commercial activities, Mr. Leighton has served as Chairman at Race for Opportunity, and Business in the Community, as well as Business Ambassador for HRH the Prince of Wales while also serving as Vice Patron of Breast Cancer Care. Mr. Leighton received an Honorary Degree from Cranfield University, an Honorary Fellowship from the University of Lancaster, Doctor of Business Administration from York St John University, and attended the Advanced Management Program at Harvard. Sheryl Schwartz has served on our board of directors since May 2022. Ms. Schwartz is an internationally recognized investment leader and was identified by Mergers Acquisitions Magazine as one of the Most Influential Women in the Mid-Market M A for multiple years. She serves as Chief Investment Officer of Alti Financial, a platform focused on democratizing private equity, since November 2021. From May 2013 to April 2020, she was a Managing Director at Caspian Private Equity, building an investment portfolio of more than 3 billion. Previously, she was a Senior Managing Director at Perseus and Managing Director of Perseus Mezzanine Finance. Earlier in her career, Ms. Schwartz served as Managing Director of Alternative Investments at TIAA, a Fortune 100 diversified financial services firm, where she built an investment portfolio of more than 13 billion. In addition to her commercial activities, Ms. Schwartz also is an Adjunct Professor of Private Equity and Finance at the Fordham Gabelli School of Business, and a board member of the Women s Association of Venture and Equity (WAVE) since 2007. Ms. Schwartz received both her Master s in Business Administration and bachelor s degree from New York University. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of seven members. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which generally serves for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. It is unlikely that there will be an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the consummation of the business combination. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to such offices as it deems appropriate. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act as required by Nasdaq rules, require that the audit committee and the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

Audit Committee We have established an audit committee of the board of directors. Nasdaq rules require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of at least three independent directors. The members of our audit committee are Bertrand Grabowski, Sherly Schwartz and Daniel Karp. Bertrand Grabowski serves as chairman of the audit committee. Bertrand Grabowski, Sherly Schwartz and Daniel Karp meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq s listing standards. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Bertrand Grabowski qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. Responsibilities of the audit committee include: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

reviewing and discussing with the independent registered public accounting firm all relationships the independent registered public accounting firm have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. Compensation Committee We have established a compensation committee of the board of directors as required by the Nasdaq rules. Nasdaq rules require that the compensation committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. The members of our compensation committee are Daniel Karp, Sheryl Schwartz and Bertrand Grabowski. Daniel Karp serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Daniel Karp, Sheryl Schwartz and Bertrand Grabowski meet the independent director standard under Nasdaq s listing standards. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, as required by Nasdaq rules, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer s based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 
 47 

Table of Contents 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The compensation committee charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the up to 10,000 per month administrative fee payable to an affiliate of our sponsor, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of a business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee. In accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5605(e)(2), a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who shall participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are Bertrand Grabowski, Daniel Karp, Allan Leighton and Sheryl Schwartz. In accordance with Nasdaq Rule 5605(e)(1)(A), all such directors are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. The board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to be appointed at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, a special meeting of shareholders). Our shareholders that wish to nominate a director for appointment to the board should follow the procedures set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics; Committee Charters We have adopted a code of ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our code of ethics, our audit committee charter and our compensation committee charter as exhibits to the registration statement for our initial public offering. You are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC s web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the code of ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our code of ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Copies of our code of ethics, our audit committee charter and our compensation committee are available on our corporate website, https://www.cartesiangrowth.com/cgc2, under the Investor Relations Governance Documents section. The information contained on or accessible through our corporate website or any other website that we may maintain is not incorporated by reference into this report. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Item 11. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors has received any cash (or non-cash) compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on May 5, 2022, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 20, 2023, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants as such warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this report. Unless otherwise indicated below, we have based our calculation of the percentage of beneficial ownership on 28,750,000 ordinary shares issued and outstanding, consisting of 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares. 

Class A Ordinary Shares 

Class B Ordinary Shares 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Approximate Percentage of Class 

Approximate Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 

CGC Sponsor LLC (2) 

5,750,000 

100 

20.0 

Peter Yu (2) 

5,750,000 

100 

20.0 

Beth Michelson 

Rafael De Luque 

CGC II Sponsor DirectorCo LLC 

100,000 

1.7 

Bertrand Grabowski (3) 

Daniel Karp (3) 

Allan Leighton (3) 

Sheryl Schwartz (3) 

All directors and executive officers as a group (7 individuals) 

5,750,000 

100 

20.0 

Balyasny Asset Management LLC (4) 

1,200,000 

5.2 

4.2 

Cantor Fitzgerald Securities (5) 

1,500,000 

6.5 

5.2 

Highbridge Capital Management LLC (6) 

1,498,671 

6.5 

5.2 

Calamos Investment Trust/Il (7) 

1,500,000 

6.5 

5.2 

Shaolin Capital Management LLC (8) 

1,202,096 

5.2 

4.2 

Balyasny Asset Management L.P. (9) 

1,200,000 

5.2 

4.2 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the entities or individuals is 505 Fifth Avenue, 15 th Floor, New York, New York 10017. 

(2) 
 Represents 5,650,000 founder shares held by CGC II Sponsor LLC, our sponsor and 100,000 founder shares held by CGC II Sponsor DirectorCo LLC for the benefit of our independent director nominees. Our sponsor is the sole managing member of CGC II Sponsor DirectorCo LLC and Pangaea Three-B, LP is the sole member of our sponsor, and is controlled by Peter Yu, our Chief Executive Officer and director. Consequently, each of Pangaea Three-B, LP and Mr. Yu may be deemed to share voting and dispositive control over the founder shares held by our sponsor and CGC II Sponsor DirectorCo LLC, and thus to share beneficial ownership of such securities. Mr. Yu disclaims beneficial ownership of the founder shares held by our sponsor and CGC II Sponsor DirectorCo LLC, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. 

(3) 
 Does not include certain shares indirectly owned by this individual as a result of his or her membership interest in CGC II Sponsor DirectorCo LLC. 

(4) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022 by Cantor Fitzgerald Securities, Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P., CF Group Management, Inc. and Howard W. Lutnick Cantor Fitzgerald Securities CFS is the record holder of the securities. CF Group Management, Inc. CFGM is the managing general partner of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Cantor and directly or indirectly controls the managing general partner of CFS. Mr. Lutnick is Chairman and Chief Executive of CFGM and trustee of CFGM s sole stockholder. Cantor, indirectly, holds a majority of the ownership interests of CFS. As such, each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities directly held by CFS and each such entity or person shares voting and dispositive power over the securities. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. The business address of the each of the foregoing entities and person is 110 East 59 th Street, New York, NY 10022. 

(5) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on May 16, 2022 by (1) Atlas Diversified Master Fund, Ltd. ADMF ), (2) Atlas Diversified Fund, Ltd. ADF LTD ), (3) Atlas Diversified Fund, L.P. ADF LP ), (4) Atlas Master Fund, Ltd. AMF ), (5) Atlas Global, LLC AG ), (6) Atlas Global Investments, Ltd. AGI ), (7) Atlas Enhanced Master Fund, Ltd. AEMF ), (8) Atlas Enhanced Fund, L.P. AEF LP ), (9) Atlas Enhanced Fund, Ltd. AEF LTD ), (10) Atlas Portable Alpha, LP APA LP ), (11) Atlas Terra Fund, Ltd. is a Cayman corporation ATF LTD ), (12) Atlas Institutional Equity Fund, L.P. AIEF LP ), (13) Balyasny Asset Management L.P. BAM ). BAM is the investment manager to each of ADMF, ADF LTD, ADF LP, AMF, AG, AGI, AEMF, AEF LP, AEF LTD, APA LP, ATF LTD and AIEF LP. And 14) Dmitry Balyasny, who indirectly controls 100 of the general partner of BAM. ADMF, ADF LTD., ADF LP, BAM and Mr. Balyasny have sole voting and dispositive power over all of the shares; AMG, AG and AGI have sole voting and dispositive power over 65,927 shares; and AEMF, AEF LP, AEF LTD, APA LP, ATF LTD and AIEF LP have sole voting and dispositive power over 1,134,073 shares. The business address of ADMF, ADF LTD, AMF, AGI, AEMF, AEF LTD and ATF LTD is c/o Maples Corporate Services Limited, P.O. Box 309, Ugland House, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1- 1104, Cayman Islands, British West Indies, and the business address of ADF LP, AG, AEF LP, APA LP, AIEF LP, BAM and Mr. Balyasny is 444 West Lake Street, 50 th Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. 

(6) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 2, 2023 by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC Highbridge ), an investment adviser to certain funds and accounts. Highbridge shares voting and dispositive power over the shares. The business address of Highbridge is 277 Park Avenue, 23 rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 

(7) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023 by Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust 2020 Calamos Court, an investment company Calamos ). The business address of Calamos is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. 

(8) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by Shaolin Capital Management LLC, an investment advisor Shaolin ). The business address of Shaolin is 230 NW 24 th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. 

(9) 
 According to a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023 by (1) Balyasny Asset Management L.P. BAM ), (2) BAM GP LLC BAM GP ), (3) Balyasny Asset Management Holdings LP BAM Holdings ), (4) Dames GP LLC Dames and (5) Dmitry Balyasny. BAM, BAM GP, BAM Holdings, Dames and Mr. Balyasny have sole voting and dispositive power over all of the shares. The business address of each of the foregoing persons is West Lake Street, 50 th Floor, Chicago, IL 60606. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence On October 20, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 5,750,000 founder shares to our sponsor and directorCo for a total subscription price of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share. Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co. purchased an aggregate of 8,900,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant 8,900,000 in the aggregate) in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering. Among the private placement warrants, 6,600,000 warrants were purchased by our sponsor, 1,897,500 warrants were purchased by Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and 402,500 warrants were purchased by Piper Sandler Co.. Each private placement warrant is exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The holders of the private placement warrants will be permitted to transfer the private placement warrants held by them to certain permitted transferees, including their officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with or related to them, but the transferees receiving such securities will be subject to the same agreements with respect to such securities as our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co. Otherwise, these private placement warrants will not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, our sponsor loaned us an aggregate of 4,600,000 at no interest. The sponsor loan shall be repaid or converted into sponsor loan warrants at a conversion price of 1.00 per warrant, at the sponsor s discretion. The sponsor loan warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants sold upon the consummation of the initial public offering. If we do not complete an initial business combination, we will not repay the sponsor loan from amounts held in the trust account, and the proceeds held in the trust account will be distributed to our public shareholders. If any of our officers or directors (other than our independent directors) becomes aware of an initial business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he has then current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may, subject to his fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, be required to present such business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such business combination opportunity to us. Our executive officers, directors and independent directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Commencing on May 5, 2022, we agreed to pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Other than as described above, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. Our sponsor has agreed to loan us up to 250,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the initial public offering. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and were due at the earlier of June 30, 2022 or the closing of the initial public offering. The loan was repaid upon the consummation of the initial public offering. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that the initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including, as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. As of the date of this Annual Report, we had no borrowings under any working capital loans. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

On May 5, 2022, we entered into a registration rights agreement with respect the private placement warrants, sponsor loan warrants, warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing, which requires us to register such securities for resale. Pursuant to such registration rights agreement, the holders of the majority of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders will have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Related Party Policy We have not adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. We have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the code of ethics was filed as an exhibit to the registration statement in connection with our initial public offering. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to its written charter is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter that adopted prior to the consummation of our initial public offering is filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report. We also require each of our directors and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements or cash payments will be made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, other than the following payments, none of which will be made from the proceeds of the initial public offering held in the trust account prior to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate of 250,000 in loans that we may draw down made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of up to 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; 

Repayment of the sponsor loan in an amount up to 4,000,000; 

Repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto; but up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including, as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we do not complete a business combination, the loans may not be repaid; and 
 52 

Table of Contents 

At the closing of our initial business combination, we may pay customary financial consulting fees. We may pay such financial consulting fees in the event our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates provide us with specific target company, industry, financial or market expertise, as well as insights, relationships, services or resources in order to assess, negotiate and consummate an initial business combination. The amount of any such financial consulting fee we pay will be based upon the prevailing market for similar services for comparable transactions at such time, and will be subject to the review of our audit committee pursuant to the audit committee s policies and procedures relating to transactions that may present conflicts of interest. We would disclose any such fee in the proxy or tender offer materials used in connection with a proposed business combination. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Director Independence Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Bertrand Grabowski, Daniel Karp, Allan Leighton and Sheryl Schwartz qualifies as an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP Marcum ), for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 totaled 127,205 and 0, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Tax Fees . We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 53 

Table of Contents 

PART IV Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 F-18 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Company, dated May 5, 2022.(1) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate.(2) 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary Share Certificate.(2) 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate.(2) 

4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the Company and Continental.(1) 

4.5 
 
 Description of Registrant s Securities. 

10.1 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the Company and Continental. (1) 

10.2 
 
 Private Placement Warrant Purchase Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 

10.3 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the Company and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (1) 

10.4 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the Company and Piper Sandler Co. (1) 

10.5 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, among the Company, the Sponsor and certain securityholders. (1) 

10.6 
 
 Promissory Note for Sponsor Loan, dated May 5, 2022, issued to the Sponsor. (1)(2) 

10.7 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 

10.8 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the Company and the Sponsor. (1) 

10.9 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the Company and each officer and director of the Company. (1) 

10.10 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement. (1) 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant Securities Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of Sarbanes- Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 54 

Table of Contents 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

(1) 
 Previously filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 11, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. 

(2) 
 Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-261866) on April 28, 2022 and incorporated by reference herein. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 
 CARTESIAN GROWTH CORPORATION II 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 688) 

F-2

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets 

F-3

Statements of Operations 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-18

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Cartesian Growth Corporation II 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Cartesian Growth Corporation II (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from October 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities. The Company is subject to a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution requirement if it does not complete a business combination by November 10, 2023. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP 
 
 Marcum LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

West Palm Beach, FL 
 
 March 30, 2023 

PCAOB ID Number 688 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

CARTESIAN GROWTH CORPORATION II 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31,

2022

2021

ASSETS

Current assets

Cash

Prepaid expenses

Total Current assets

Deferred offering costs

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account

TOTAL ASSETS

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

Current liabilities

Accrued expenses

Accrued offering costs

Promissory note related party

Total Current liabilities

Warrant liabilities

Convertible promissory note related party, at fair value

Deferred underwriting fee

TOTAL LIABILITIES

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 6)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and shares at redemption value of and , respectively, per share at December 31, 2022 and 2021

SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1)
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY

(1) 
 At December 31, 2021, this number included an aggregate of up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters. As a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option on the closing date of the Initial Public Offering, at December 31, 2022 there are Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture (see Note 5). 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

CARTESIAN GROWTH CORPORATION II 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the Period from October 13,

 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021

Operating and formation costs

Loss from operations

Other income (expense):

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party

Transaction costs allocated to warrant liabilities

() 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account

Other income, net

Net income

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Shares subject to possible redemption

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share, shares subject to possible redemption

Basic weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable
 Class B ordinary shares

Basic net income per share, non-redeemable
 Class B ordinary shares

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable
 Class B ordinary shares

Diluted net income per share, non-redeemable
 Class B ordinary shares

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 
 CARTESIAN GROWTH CORPORATION II 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM OCTOBER 13, 2021 (INCEPTION) 

 THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Ordinary Shares

Class B Ordinary Shares

Additional Paid-in
 Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity

Shares

Amount

Shares

Amount

Balance as of October 13, 2021 (inception)

Class B ordinary shares issued to Sponsor

Net loss

() 

() 

Balance December 31, 2021

Sale of Private Placement Warrants

Remeasurement for Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption amount

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

CARTESIAN GROWTH CORPORATION II 

 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Year

 Ended December 31, 2022

For the Period

 From

 October 13,

 2021

 (Inception)

 Through

 December 31,

 2021

Cash Flows from Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Formation cost paid by the Sponsor

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account

() 

Transaction costs

Change in fair value of convertible promissory note related party

() 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities

() 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses and other current assets

() 

Accrued expenses

Net cash used in operating activities

Cash Flows from Investing Activities:

Investment of cash in Trust Account

() 

Net cash used in investing activities

Cash Flows from Financing Activities:

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting commissions paid

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement warrants

Proceeds from promissory note related party

Repayment of promissory note related party

() 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note - related party

Payment of offering costs

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net Change in Cash

Cash Beginning of period

Cash End of period

Non-Cash
 investing and financing activities:

Deferred underwriting fee payable

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares

Deferred offering costs to be funded by the Sponsor under the promissory note

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offerings costs and expenses

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

units (the Units ), which includes the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their overallotment option, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, 0.0001 par value per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares and one-third
 of one redeemable warrant of the Company, each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at an exercise price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The registration statement on FormS-1
 (File No. 333-261866)
 for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on May 5, 2022. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), each exercisable to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at per share, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co., generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. 
 Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor loaned the Company , pursuant to a promissory note at no interest (the Sponsor Loan ). The Sponsor Loan will be repaid or converted into sponsor loan warrants (the Sponsor Loan Warrants at a conversion price of per Sponsor Loan Warrant, at the Sponsor s discretion. The Sponsor Loan Warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. If the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination, the Company will not repay the Sponsor Loan from amounts held in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s public shareholders (the Trust Account ), and the proceeds held in the Trust Account will be distributed to the holders of the Class A Ordinary Shares. 
 Transaction costs of the Initial Public Offering amounted to , consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions and of other offering costs. 
 Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on May 10, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Sponsor Loan, was placed in the Trust Account and will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7
 promulgated under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the funds held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete an initial Business Combination within 18 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering, or November 10, 2023 (subject to the requirements of applicable law) (the Combination Period ), and (iii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to redeem of its public shares if the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
 Business Combination activity. 

per public share. The per-share
 amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. 
 If the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 
 The Company s initial shareholders, officers and directors have agreed to (i) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, and (iii) vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of the Company s initial Business Combination. 
 The Sponsor has agreed it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. The Company has not independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, the Company cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the Trust Account, the funds available for the initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than per public share. In such event, the Company may not be able to complete the initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of the public shares. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

Management continues to evaluate the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the COVID-19
 pandemic could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or search for a target business, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

in its operating bank accounts, in marketable securities held in the Trust Account to be used for the completion of a Business Combination and/or for the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (subject to applicable law), and working capital of .
 Until the consummation of a Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination, and to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums. 
 In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined below) (see Note 5). 

and , respectively, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company did t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 t have any assets in the Trust Account as of December 31, 2021. All of the Company s investments held in Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of investments held in Trust Account are included in interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in Trust Account are determined using available market information. 
 . The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 
 , of which were charged to shareholders deficit upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering and were charged to operations. 

of dissolution expenses, as such dissolution expenses only will be taken into account in the event of the Company s liquidation. The change in the carrying value of redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares resulted in charges against additional paid-in
 capital and accumulated deficit. 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to public warrants

() 
 
 Class A Ordinary Shares issuance costs

() 
 
 Plus:

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. Since its inception, the Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities. 
 The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with income tax regulations of the Cayman Islands, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. 
 Class A Ordinary Shares in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2022, the Company did t have any dilutive securities or other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares that then share in the earnings of the Company, except for Class B ordinary shares which are no longer subject to forfeiture and thus included for dilutive purposes. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per ordinary share for the periods presented. 

() 
 
 Denominator:

Basic weighted average shares outstanding

Basic net income (loss) per ordinary share

() 

Class A

Class B

Class A

Class B

Diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

Numerator:

Allocation of net income (loss)

() 
 
 Denominator:

Diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share

() 

Units, which includes the issuance of Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one Class A Ordinary Share and one-third
 of one redeemable warrant (each, a public warrant ). 
 Each whole public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

per Class A Ordinary Share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume-weighted average trading price of the Class A Ordinary Shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company completes its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A Ordinary Share equals or exceeds below, will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 
 The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event it so elect, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is available. 
 Redemption of warrants when the price per Class

 A Ordinary Share equals or exceeds .

 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less than s prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading
 day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, and Piper Sandler Co. purchased an aggregate of Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Piper Sandler Co. or their permitted transferees. The Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Piper Sandler Co. or their permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. 
 If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Piper Sandler Co. or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in the Initial Public Offering. 
 A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will be worthless (See Note 8). 
 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

Class B ordinary shares (the founder shares to the Sponsor and CGC II Sponsor DirectorCo LLC DirectorCo for a total subscription price of , or approximately per share. Such shares are fully paid. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of by the Sponsor and DirectorCo, the Company had assets, tangible or intangible. Up to founder shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent of the total number of outstanding public shares and founder shares upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. The purchase price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the number of founder shares issued. As a result of the underwriters decision to fully exercise their over-allotment option on the closing date of the Initial Public Offering, there currently are founder shares subject to forfeiture. 
 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any30-tradingday period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (ii) the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 
 The founder shares are identical to the Class A Ordinary Shares, except as described herein. However, the holders of the founder shares have agreed (i) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed Business Combination and (ii) not to redeem any shares in connection with a shareholder vote or tender offer to approve or in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination. 
 Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement with the Sponsor pursuant to which, commencing on May 5, 2022 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business Combination and its liquidation, the Company will pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred for these services, of which is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheet. 
 Promissory Note Related Party 

On December 31, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to under a promissory note to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. This loan was non-interest
 bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of June 30, 2022 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was and , respectively, outstanding under such loan. The outstanding amount of on the closing date of the Initial Public Offering was repaid in full at the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 
 Convertible Promissory Note (Sponsor Loan) Related Party 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor loaned the Company the Sponsor Loan, for an aggregate of . The proceeds of the Sponsor Loan were added to the Trust Account on the closing date of the Initial Public Offering and will be used to fund the redemption of Class A Ordinary Shares. The Sponsor Loan shall be repaid at the time of an initial Business Combination, or converted into Sponsor Loan Warrants at a conversion price of per Sponsor Loan Warrant, at the Sponsor s discretion. The Sponsor Loan Warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. The Sponsor Loan Warrant was extended in order to ensure that the amount in the Trust Account is per public share. If the Company does not complete an initial Business Combination, the Company will not repay the Sponsor Loan from amounts held in the Trust Account, and the proceeds held in the Trust Account will be distributed to the Company s public shareholders. The Sponsor Loan was valued using the fair value method. At December 31, 2022, the Sponsor Loan was valued at a fair value of . 

of the Working Capital Loans may be converted into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants will be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including, as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. As of December 31, 2022 the Company had borrowings under any Working Capital Loans. 
 demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination and rights to require the Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up
 period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, one year after the date of the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to the initial Business Combination, the last reported sale price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading
 day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or the Company consummates a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants, 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 Underwriting Agreement 

On May 10, 2022, the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering were paid a cash underwriting commission of two percent of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or . Additionally, the underwriters for the Initial Public Offering are entitled to a deferred underwriting commission of . Subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement of the Initial Public Offering, (i) the deferred underwriting commission will be placed in the Trust Account and released to the underwriters only upon the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the deferred underwriting commission will be waived by the underwriters in the event that the Company does not complete a Business Combination.
 Service Provider Agreements 

The Company has engaged legal advisor to provide services related to the consummation of an initial Business Combination. In connection with this agreement, the Company may be required to pay the legal advisors fees in connection with their services contingent upon a successful initial Business Combination. If a Business Combination does not occur, the Company would not be required to pay these contingent fees. There can be no assurance that the Company will complete a Business Combination. 

preference shares with a par value of per share, with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Ordinary Shares

The Company is authorized to issue Class A Ordinary Shares, with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022, there were Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding, all of which were subject to possible redemption and were classified at their redemption value outside of shareholders deficit on the balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, there were Class A Ordinary Shares issued and outstanding. 

F-16 

Class B ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. 
 Prior to a Business Combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and may, by ordinary resolution, remove a member of the Company s board of directors for any reason. Holders of Class A Ordinary Shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, as the same may be amended from time to time, or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote is required to approve any such matter voted on by its shareholders. 
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A Ordinary Shares (which such Class A Ordinary Shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to consummate an initial Business Combination) at the time of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of the ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to the completion of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of a target business in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants or Sponsor Loan Warrants issued to the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary shares and an issuance of Class A Ordinary Shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A Ordinary Shares at a rate of less than one-to-one.

warrants issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering public warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40.
 Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company classifies each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to remeasurement at each balance sheet date. With each such remeasurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. 

Warrant liability Public warrants

3 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants

3 

Convertible Promissory Note

3 

The warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40
 and are presented within warrant liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within the statement of operations. 

Exercise price

Expected term (in years)

Volatility

Risk-free rate

Dividend yield

Change in fair value 

() 

() 
 
 Transfer to Level 1

() 

() 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. There were transfers in or out of Level 3 from other levels in the fair value hierarchy for the period from October 13, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022. 
 (the amount covered by FDIC deposit account insurance) and transferring (the Protective Transfer ), for the benefit of the Company and its shareholders, an aggregate amount of (the At-Risk Funds to a bank account at FRB held by CGC II Sponsor LLC Sponsor ). In connection with the foregoing, the Company entered into a letter agreement with Sponsor pursuant to which, Sponsor agreed (i) that the transfer of the At-Risk Funds was effected solely as an accommodation in order to protect such funds on behalf of the Company and its shareholders, (ii) that the At-Risk Funds are the legal property of the Company in all respects, (iii) that Sponsor (x) will hold the At-Risk Funds as and until directed by the Company, (y) will disburse the At-Risk Funds only to or as directed by the Company upon the Company s written instruction, and (z) has no direct control over the At-Risk Funds in any respect, (iv) not to charge any escrow or accommodation fee to the Company, and (v) to indemnify the Company and its shareholders, directors and officers from and against any losses suffered or incurred as a result of the transfer of the At-Risk Funds. On March 27, 2023, the Company opened a bank account at Customers Bank and on March 28, 2023, the Company directed the Sponsor to transfer the At-Risk Funds to such account. 
 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CARTESIAN GROWTH CORPORATION II 

By: 
 
 /s/ Peter Yu 

Name: Peter Yu 

Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: March 30, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ Peter Yu Peter Yu 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors Principal Executive Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Beth Michelson 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Beth Michelson 
 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

/s/ Rafael de Luque 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Rafael de Luque 

/s/ Bertrand Grabowski 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Bertrand Grabowski 

/s/ Daniel Karp 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Daniel Karp 

/s/ Allan Leighton 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Allan Leighton 

/s/ Sheryl Schwartz 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 Sheryl Schwartz 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 d367373dex45.htm
 EX-4.5

EX-4.5 

Exhibit 4.5 
 DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES 
 REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12 OF THE 
 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 The following summary of the material terms of certain securities of Cartesian Growth Corporation II, a Cayman Islands exempted company we, us, our, the company or our company ), is not intended to be a complete summary of the rights and preferences of such securities and is subject to and qualified by reference to our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and the Warrant Agreement, dated May 5, 2022, between the company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (the Warrant Agreement ), in each
case as in effect on December 31, 2022 and incorporated by reference as exhibits to the company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the
 Report of which this exhibit is a part, and applicable Cayman Islands law, including the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time (the Companies Act and the common law of
the Cayman Islands. As of the end of the period covered by the Report, we had the following three classes of securities registered under
Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ): (i) units, each consisting of one Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant,
(ii) Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and (iii) warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one Class A ordinary shares at an exercise price of 11.50. This exhibit also references the company s
Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class B ordinary shares or founder shares ), which are not registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act but are convertible into Class A
ordinary shares. The description of the Class B ordinary shares is included to assist in the description of the Class A ordinary shares. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to our sponsor are to CGC II Sponsor LLC
, a Cayman Islands limited liability company, and references to our initial stockholders are to holders of our founder shares. Terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Report. All information
set forth herein is presented as of the end of the period covered by the Report. General 
 Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our authorized share capital consists of 200,000,000 Class A
ordinary shares, 20,000,000 Class B ordinary shares and 1,000,000 preference shares, of par value 0.0001 each. Our units,
Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq ), under the symbols RENEU, RENE and RENEW, respectively. 
 Units Each unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share and one-third of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a warrant holder may
exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only
whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least three units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 
 The Class A ordinary shares and warrants comprising the units commenced separate trading on June 27, 2022. Holders have the option
to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. 
 Ordinary Shares 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on
by shareholders. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued
ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution
under Cayman Islands law, being (i) the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented
by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and
approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. The term of office of our initial directors will expire at our first annual general
meeting. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can elect all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled
to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the
appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the holders of our founder shares may, by
ordinary resolution under our amended and restated articles of association, remove a member of our board of directors for any reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special resolution requiring (i) the affirmative vote of at least 90 of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at a
general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders. 
 Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 200,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our
shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 
 In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first
fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold a general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the
completion of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, the directors may by resolution appoint a replacement director to fill a casual vacancy arising on the resignation, disqualification or death
of a director. Under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the holders of our founder shares may, by ordinary resolution under our amended and restated articles of association, remove a member of our board of directors for
any reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. We provide our shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all
or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of then
outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.30 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute
to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. Our initial shareholders, officers, directors and independent directors have entered into letter agreements
with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares, and our initial shareholders, officers, directors and independent directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect
to any public shares they hold, in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. 

Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy
solicitations in conjunction with their initial business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires
these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of
the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy
rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain an ordinary resolution under our amended and restated articles of association, being (i) the
affirmative vote of at least a majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written
resolution of the shareholders. However, the participation of our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a
majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination. For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary
 shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less than 10 days nor more than
60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to approve our initial business combination. 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business
combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is
acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in our initial public offering, which
we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem
the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally,
such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in
order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek
shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may
elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. Pursuant to our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination by November 10, 2023, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the
number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our initial shareholders have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by November 10, 2023. However, if they acquire public shares in or after our initial public offering, they will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time period. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide
that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than
ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial
business combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each share class, if any, having preference over the
ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our shareholders with the redemption rights set forth above. 
 Founder Shares The founder shares are
designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our initial public offering, and the holder of founder shares has the same shareholder
rights as public shareholders, except that (i) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and may remove a member of our board of directors for any reason
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, (ii) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described below, (iii) our initial shareholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (b) to waive their
rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination by November 10, 2023, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within such time period, (iv) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A ordinary shares at the time of
our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (v) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination to our public shareholders for a
vote, our initial shareholders have agreed to vote their founder shares and any public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in favor of our initial business combination. In addition, our officers, directors and independent
directors have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their public shares purchased during or after our initial public offering in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) vote any
public shares owned by them immediately before our initial public offering as well as any public shares acquired in our initial public offering or in the aftermarket in favor of our initial business combination. 
 The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon
conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of
the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the
sum of (i) the total number of our ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of our initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or
exercise of any equity-linked securities (as defined herein) or rights issued or deemed issued by the Company in connection with or in relation to the completion of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or
equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of a target business in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our
sponsor or any of its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. Any conversion of Class B ordinary shares described herein will take effect as a compulsory redemption of Class B ordinary
shares and an issuance of Class A ordinary shares as a matter of Cayman Islands law. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. 

Our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of the founder
shares (except to certain permitted transferees) until the earlier of (i) one year after the date of the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the last reported sale price
of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within
 any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (ii) we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction
which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Preference Shares
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of 1,000,000 preference shares with such
designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. Accordingly, our board of directors is empowered, without shareholder approval, to issue preference shares with dividend, liquidation, conversion,
voting or other rights which could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of ordinary shares. However, the underwriting agreement for our initial public offering prohibits us, prior to a business combination, from issuing
preference shares which participate in any manner in the proceeds of the trust account, or which vote as a class with the ordinary shares on a business combination. We may issue some or all of the preference shares to effect a business combination.
In addition, the preference shares could be utilized as a method of discouraging, delaying or preventing a change in control of the company. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do
so in the future. Register of Members 
 Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there shall be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members of the company, a statement of the shares held by each member, which:

distinguishes each share by its number (so long as the share has a number); 

confirms the amount paid, or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member;

confirms the number and category of shares held by each member; and 

confirms whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the articles of
association of the company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 
 For these purposes, voting rights means rights conferred on shareholders in respect of their shares to vote at general meetings of
the company on all or substantially all matters. A voting right is conditional where the voting right arises only in certain circumstances. 
 Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of
members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name
in the register of members. The shareholders recorded in the register of members will be deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman
Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it
considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be
subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. 

Warrants 
 Public Warrants Each whole warrant
entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months from the closing of our initial public offering or
30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means that only a whole warrant may be
exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued and only whole warrants will trade. The warrants will expire five years after the date on which they first became exercisable, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time,
or earlier upon redemption or liquidation; provided, however, that the private placement warrants issued to Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co. will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales
in the initial public offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary
shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then
effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be
obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of
residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and
such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. We have
agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the
registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such
registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration or redemption of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at
the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of
public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration
statement or register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is available. Redemption of
warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00. Once the warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the private placement
warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per
share (as adjusted) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout
 the 30-day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale
under all applicable state securities laws. 

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a
redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to
exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share splits, share dividends, rights issuances,
subdivisions, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 
 Redemption Procedures. A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement
that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially
own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (as specified by the holder) of the Class A ordinary shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 
 Anti-dilution Adjustments . If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a dividend
payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share
 dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary
shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the
product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary
shares) multiplied by (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (a) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering divided by (b) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for
securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional
amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first
date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or
other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other shares of our share capital into which the warrants are convertible), other than (i) as described above, (ii) any cash
dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period 
ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise
price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (iii) to satisfy the
redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (iv) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (a) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination by
November 10, 2023 or (b) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (v) in connection with the
redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair
market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of
outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share split or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination,
reverse share split, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A ordinary shares. 

Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the
warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (i) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A
ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (ii) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In addition, if (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in
connection with the closing of our initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board
of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by them prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross
proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial business combination (net of
redemptions), and (iii) the volume-weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we complete our initial business combination (such
price, the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share
redemption trigger price described adjacent to Redemption of warrants when the price per ordinary share equals or exceeds 18.00 will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly
Issued Price. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those
described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing
corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or
substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the
Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such
reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. If
less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in
an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the
warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant
agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of
the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants were issued in registered form under the
Warrant Agreement, which provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or to correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant
agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the prospectus, or defective provision or (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant
agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 65 of
the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. 

The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the
expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if
applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their
warrants and receive ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 
 Warrants may be exercised only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the
warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the warrant holder.
 Private Placement Warrants 
 The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) will not
be transferable, assignable or saleable (except, among other limited exceptions as described herein) to the officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. or Piper
Sandler Co.) and they will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by the sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Piper Sandler Co. or their permitted transferees. The private placement warrants issued to Cantor
Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co. will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in the initial public offering in accordance with FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). Otherwise, the private placement warrants
have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the public warrants. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than the initial shareholders or their permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will be redeemable
by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. If holders of the private placement warrants elect to
exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the product of the number of
Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market value (defined below) by (ii) the fair market value. The fair market value 
shall mean the average last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we
have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our sponsor and permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether they will be affiliated with us following a business
combination. If our sponsor remains affiliated with us, its ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during
specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of
 material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open
market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. 
 In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants
would be identical to the private placement warrants. Our sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Piper Sandler Co. have
agreed, and any of their assignees or transferees will agree, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of any of these warrants) until the date that is
30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except, among other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor. 

Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our Class A ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion
of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business
combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time and we will only pay such dividend out of our profits or share premium (subject to
solvency requirements) as permitted under Cayman Islands law. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings, if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate
declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 
 The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, 1 State
Street, New York, New York 10004. Listing of our Securities 
 Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq under the symbols RENEU, RENE and
 RENEW, respectively. Certain Differences in Corporate Law 
 Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws
applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In
certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is
facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the
directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (being (i) the
affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company
and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders); or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder
resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security
interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been
complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a
foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion
that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is
incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution
adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs
or its property or any part thereof; and (iv) that no scheme, order, compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be
suspended or restricted. 

Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the
Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its
debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the
surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company;
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be
incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are
adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of his shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is
as follows: (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for
his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each
shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other
details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or
consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the company determines is the fair
value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price
within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition
must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to
determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may
participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an
open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or
shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the
reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a
 scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically
required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent
three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at an annual general meeting, or extraordinary general meeting summoned for that purpose. The
convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not
be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions
as to majority vote have been complied with; 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act
or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described
below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to
dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. 
 Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by
holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the
terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. 
 Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other
than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. 
 Shareholders Suits. Our Cayman Islands legal counsel is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a
Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of
duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive
authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by
more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 
 A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to
be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to
the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 
 We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce
against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose
liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there
is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the
merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in
the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds
of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A
Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 

Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with
limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands
may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies;

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands; 

an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and 

an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. 
 Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of
the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).
 Amendments to our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that will apply to us
until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has
been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s shareholders entitled
to vote and so voting at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written
resolution of all of the company s shareholders. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at
 least two-thirds of our shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of
all of our shareholders. Our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 Our initial shareholders, officers, directors and independent directors have agreed, each pursuant to a written letter agreement with us, that
they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination by November 10, 2023, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at
 a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account (less any interest released to us for taxes, if any), divided by the number of then outstanding
public shares. 

Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among
other things, that: 

if we are unable to consummate our initial business combination by November 10, 2023, we will (i) cease
all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, 
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less 100,000 which we may reserve
for expenses of our liquidation or dissolution), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further
liquidating distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses
(ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders
thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although we do not currently intend to enter into an initial business combination with a target business that is
affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking
firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that such an initial business combination is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view; 

if a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law or Nasdaq and we do not decide
to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we shall offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer
documents with the SEC prior to consummating our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A
of the Exchange Act; 

we will not effectuate our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar company
with nominal operations; and 

our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate
fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable, if any, on the income accrued on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in
connection with our initial business combination. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association provide that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 prior to or upon the consummation of our initial business combination. This
notwithstanding, if the effect of any proposed amendment, if adopted, would be either to (i) reduce the amount in the trust account available to redeeming shareholders to less than 10.30 per share, or (ii) delay the date on which a public
shareholder could otherwise redeem shares for such per share amount in the trust account, we will provide a right for dissenting public shareholders to redeem public shares if such an amendment is approved. 
 The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval
of a special resolution being (i) the affirmative vote of at least a two-thirds (2/3) majority of the votes cast by the holders of the issued ordinary shares present in person or represented by
proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or (ii) a unanimous written resolution of the shareholders. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required
but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise.
Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as
binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares. 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
 Authorized but unissued shares 
 Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares will be available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be
utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares could render more
difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Registration Rights
 The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants, any sponsor loan warrants and warrants, if any that may be issued upon
conversion of working capital loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants, any sponsor loan warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans) are
entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with our initial public offering, requiring us to register such securities for resale. The holders of the majority of these securities are
entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the
completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any
registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs (i) in the case of the founder shares, one year
after the date of the completion of our initial business combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial business combination, the last reported sale price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for
share splits, share dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business
combination, or we consummate a subsequent liquidation, merger, capital share exchange or other similar transaction which results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property,
and (ii) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection
with the filing of any such registration statements. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Directors and Officers 
 Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification
of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences
of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as
such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have entered into agreements with our officers and
directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association permits us to
purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any officer or director who at the request of the company is or was serving as a director or officer of, or in any other capacity is or was acting for, another company or a partnership, joint venture,
trust or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against the person and incurred by the person in that capacity, whether or not the company has or would have had the power to indemnify the person against the liability as provided in the
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have purchased a policy of directors and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a
judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These provisions may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors
for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our
shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these
provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d367373dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Peter Yu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cartesian Growth
Corporation II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Peter Yu 

Peter Yu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d367373dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Beth Michelson, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Cartesian Growth
Corporation II; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a
material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report,
fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be
designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 (Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos.
 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313); 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that
occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of
internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over
financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Beth Michelson 

Beth Michelson 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d367373dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Cartesian Growth Corporation II (the Company on Form 10-K for the
period ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Peter Yu, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Beth Michelson, the Chief Financial Officer of the
Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of our knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Dated: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Peter Yu 

Peter Yu 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Beth Michelson 

Beth Michelson 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 rene-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 rene-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 rene-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 rene-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

