<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1393052_0001393052-23-000025.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10391823</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>316957</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2017765</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3845339</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2161131</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1852369</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001393052-23-000025.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330160648
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001393052-23-000025
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20230131
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VEEVA SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001393052
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				208235463
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0131

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36121
		FILM NUMBER:		23780704

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4280 HACIENDA DRIVE
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588
		BUSINESS PHONE:		925-264-8887

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4280 HACIENDA DRIVE
		CITY:			PLEASANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94588

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VERTICALS ONDEMAND INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070313

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001393052-23-000025.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 veev-20230131.htm
 10-K

veev-20230131 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number: 
 ___________________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) ) 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) N/A 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by a check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant on the last business day of the Registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, which was July 31, 2022, based on the closing price of 223.58 for shares of the Registrant s Class A common stock as reported by the New York Stock Exchange on July 29, 2022, the last trading day of the second fiscal quarter, was approximately billion. Shares of Class A common stock or Class B common stock held by each executive officer, director, and their affiliated holders have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 As of February 28, 2023, there were shares of the Registrant s Class A common stock outstanding and shares of the Registrant s Class B common stock outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Pursuant to Part IV, Item 16, a summary of Form 10-K content follows, including hyperlinked cross-references (in the EDGAR filing). This allows users to easily locate the corresponding items in this annual report on Form 10-K where the disclosure is fully presented. The summary does not include certain Part III information that will be incorporated by reference from the Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 1 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 8 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 32 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 33 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 33 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 33 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 35 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 
 Overview 
 36 
 Recent Development 
 36 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 37 
 Results of Operations 
 40 
 Operating Expenses and Operating Margin 
 42 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 44 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 46 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 48 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 50 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 
 Note 1. Summary of Business and Significant Accounting Policies 
 57 
 Note 2 . Short-Term Investments 
 62 
 Note 3 . Deferred Costs 
 63 
 Note 4 . Property and Equipment, Net 
 64 
 Note 5 . Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 64 
 Note 6 . Accrued Expenses 
 65 
 Note 7 . Fair Value Measurements 
 65 
 Note 8 . Income Taxes 
 67 
 Note 9 . Deferred Revenue, Performance Obligations, and Unbilled Accounts Receivable 
 69 
 Note 1 0 . Leases 
 69 
 Note 1 1 . Stockholders Equity 
 70 
 Note 1 2 . Other Income 
 74 
 Note 1 3 . Net Income per Share 
 74 
 Note 1 4 . Commitments and Contingencies 
 75 
 Note 1 5 . Revenues by Product 
 78 
 Note 1 6 . Information about Geographic Areas 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Note 1 7 . 401(k) Plan 
 78 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 79 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 80 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 80 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 80 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 80 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management, and Related Stockholder Matters 
 80 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 80 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 80 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 80 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 81 
 Exhibit Index 
 81 
 Signatures 
 84 

Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on our beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations and expenses, business strategies and plans, trends, market sizing, competitive position, industry environment, potential growth opportunities, and product capabilities among other things. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and, in some cases, can be identified by terms such as aim, anticipates, believes, could, estimates, expects, goal, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, seeks, should, strive, will, would, or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on our current views and expectations and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors including those described in Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this report that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
 Any forward-looking statements in this report are made only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 As used in this report, the terms Veeva, Registrant, the Company, we, us, and our mean Veeva Systems Inc. and its subsidiaries unless the context indicates otherwise. 

Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 
 Overview 
 Veeva is the leading provider of industry cloud solutions for the global life sciences industry. Our offerings span cloud software, data, and business consulting and are designed to meet the unique needs of our customers and their most strategic business functions from research and development (R D) to commercialization. Our solutions help life sciences companies develop and bring products to market faster and more efficiently, market and sell more effectively, and maintain compliance with government regulations. 
 Customer success is one of our core values, and our focus on it has allowed us to deepen and expand our strategic relationships with customers over time. Because of our industry focus, we have a unique, in-depth perspective into the needs and best practices of life sciences companies and clinical research sites. This allows us to develop targeted solutions, quickly adapt to regulatory changes, and incorporate highly relevant enhancements into our existing solutions at a rapid pace. 
 Our goal is to become the most strategic technology partner to the life sciences industry and achieve long-term leadership with our solutions that support the R D and commercial functions of life sciences companies. Our commercial solutions help life sciences companies achieve better, more intelligent engagement with healthcare professionals and healthcare organizations across multiple communication channels, and plan and execute more effective media and marketing campaigns. Our R D solutions for the clinical, regulatory, quality, and safety functions help life sciences companies streamline their end-to-end product development processes to increase operational efficiency and maintain regulatory compliance throughout the product life cycle. Our solutions for clinical research sites enable regulatory documents and trial information to be managed in a modern cloud solution that is intended to accelerate the clinical research process for the life sciences industry overall. 
 
 We also bring the benefits of our content and data management solutions to customers in the consumer products and chemical industries. Our applications currently offered to companies in these industries are designed to help customers efficiently manage critical processes and content in a compliant way, and to enable secure collaboration across internal and external stakeholders, including outsourcing partners and vendors. 
 On February 1, 2021, after approval by our stockholders, we became a Delaware public benefit corporation (PBC). A PBC is a for-profit company operating under subchapter XV of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (i) that has adopted a public benefit purpose intended to provide benefits beyond just stockholder financial returns, and (ii) whose directors have a fiduciary duty to balance the financial interests of stockholders, the best interests of other stakeholders materially affected by the company's conduct (which we believe includes customers, employees, partners, and the communities in which we operate), and the pursuit of the company's public benefit purpose. Our public benefit purpose, as reflected in our certificate of incorporation, is to provide products and services that are intended to help make the industries we serve more productive, and to create high-quality employment opportunities in the communities in which we operate. We believe that operating as a PBC reflects our core values do the right thing, customer success, employee success, and speed and helps us maintain alignment with the principal industry we serve, life sciences, and its broad goal to improve health and extend lives. 
 Our Industry Cloud Solutions for Life Sciences 
 Our industry cloud solutions for the life sciences industry are grouped into two major product families Veeva Development Cloud and Veeva Commercial Cloud and are designed to address pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical devices and diagnostics (MedTech) companies most pressing strategic needs in their commercial and R D operations. For financial reporting purposes, revenues associated with our Veeva Development Cloud, Veeva RegulatoryOne, and Veeva QualityOne solutions are classified as R D Solutions revenues, and revenues associated with our Veeva Commercial Cloud and Veeva Claims solutions are classified as Commercial Solutions revenues. 
 Veeva Development Cloud includes application suites for the clinical, regulatory, quality, and safety functions of life sciences companies, all built on our proprietary Veeva Vault platform . Veeva Vault s unique ability to handle content and data allows us to build content and data-centric applications to help customers streamline end-to-end business processes and eliminate manual processes and siloed systems. Veeva Vault can be deployed one application at a time or as an integrated solution with multiple applications that enable customers to unify and manage important documents and related data in a single global system. 
 2 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Veeva Vault Clinical advances clinical trial execution by providing a complete and connected technology ecosystem. The platform is designed to enable seamless execution and flow of data between clinical trial stakeholders including patients, research sites, contract research organizations (CROs), and trial sponsors for faster, more efficient trials that achieve higher data accuracy and increased patient diversity . The platform is comprised of our clinical suite and applications for clinical research sites and patient engagement. 
 Veeva Clinical Data Management Suite (CDMS) helps sponsors and CROs design and run trials with tools to speed the build process and eliminate manual steps. This includes solutions for electronic data capture; aggregating, cleaning, and transforming clinical data; and randomization and trial supply management. Veeva Clinical Operations Suite offers applications s u ch as Veeva Vault eTMF , an electronic trial master file application, Veeva Vault CTMS for clinical trial management, and solutions for automating the flow of clinical trial information between sponsors, CROs, and clinical research sites and for better collaboration and faster clinical trials. 
 Our suite of applications for clinical research sites and patient engagement makes clinical trial participation easier for patients and streamlines study execution for research sites and trial sponsors. These offerings include applications that allow sites to maintain and access study documents electronically, to securely exchange information with sponsors and CROs, and to enable electronic processing of consents and assessments of clinical trial participants. 
 Veeva Vault RIM is a suite of applications that provides fully integrated regulatory information management capabilities on a single cloud platform. These offerings include applications that enable life sciences companies to manage, track, and report product and registration information and to facilitate content planning, authoring, publishing, and archiving of regulatory submissions to healthcare authorities. 
 Veeva Vault Safety is a suite of applications that unifies systems and processes to enable proactive patient safety. These offerings include applications that manage drug safety content as well as the intake, processing, and submission of adverse event data. 
 Veeva Vault Quality is the life science industry s only unified suite of applications for managing quality content, processes, and training on a single cloud platform. Applications include solutions for managing quality content, harmonizing quality processes, and simplifying employee qualification. The unification of quality processes and systems increases operational efficiency, enables continuous improvement, and drives compliance. 
 Veeva Commercial Cloud is a product family comprised of software and data solutions built specifically for life sciences companies to more efficiently and effectively commercialize their products. Veeva Commercial Cloud includes solutions for the sales, medical affairs, and marketing functions of a life sciences company: 
 Our software offerings include: 
 Veeva CRM suite enables customer-facing employees at pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies including sales representatives and medical science liaisons to manage, track, and optimize engagement with healthcare professionals with a single, integrated solution. In addition, we offer multichannel CRM applications that can enhance and extend our core Veeva CRM and Medical CRM products, providing customers with an end-to-end solution across all key channels, including face-to-face, email, and virtual engagement, live and virtual enterprise events, and field collaboration, all of which support the life sciences industry s unique commercial business processes and regulatory compliance requirements with highly specialized functionality. 
 Veeva Vault PromoMats is an end-to-end content and digital asset management (DAM) solution through which life sciences companies can collaborate, review, distribute, and update commercial content and manage assets. 
 Veeva Vault Medical provides a single, validated source of medical content across multiple channels and geographies with capabilities for medical affairs teams to centralize medical inquiries and content. 
 Veeva Crossix provides pharmaceutical brands a best-in-class analytics platform to maximize media investments and drive greater marketing effectiveness. 
 Our data offerings include: 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Veeva OpenData is customer reference data. This includes demographic information, license information and status, specialty information, affiliations, and other key data about healthcare providers (HCP) and organizations that is crucial to customer engagement and compliance. 
 Veeva Link data applications are built on a modern data platform that combines intelligent software automation with human curation to ensure accuracy and depth. This allows Link to generate real-time intelligence across a growing number of areas, including key people, publications, conferences, and digital engagement. 
 Veeva Compass includes de-identified, longitudinal patient data for the U.S. for a wide range of commercial use cases, including launch planning, patient and HCP segmentation and targeting, and patient journey analytics. 
 Our Cloud Solutions for the Consumer Products and Chemical (CP C) Industries 
 Our initial applications for customers outside of life sciences address specific content and data management processes within the CP C industries. Veeva QualityOne is a robust quality management, document management, and training solution. Veeva RegulatoryOne helps companies manage regulatory submission content. Veeva Claims addresses the end-to-end product and marketing claims management process. 
 Veeva Business Consulting 
 We offer Veeva Business Consulting services through dedicated teams that are distinct from our professional services and support organization. Veeva Business Consulting provides strategic consulting services and solutions that are often enabled by our unique industry-wide perspective and proprietary data. Engagements typically focus on a particular customer success initiative, strategic analysis, or business process change like commercial strategy, digital engagement, commercial content management, field optimization, and commercial insights and analytics. 
 Professional Services and Support 
 We offer professional services to help customers maximize the value of our solutions. Our service teams possess industry expertise, project management capabilities, and deep technical acumen that we believe our customers highly value. Our professional services teams work with our systems integrator partners to deliver projects. We offer the following professional services: 
 implementation and deployment planning and project management; 
 requirements analysis, solution design and configuration; 
 systems environment management and deployment services; 
 services focused on advancing or transforming business and operating processes related to Veeva solutions; 
 technical consulting services related to data migration and systems integrations; 
 training on our solutions; and 
 ongoing managed services, such as outsourced systems administration. 
 We organize our professional services teams by specific expertise so that they can provide advice and support for best industry practices in the research and development and commercial departments of our customers. 
 Our global systems integrator partners also deliver implementation and selected support services to customers who wish to utilize them. Our systems integrator partners include Accenture, Cognizant, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), and other life sciences specialty firms. 
 Our Customers 
 As of January 31, 2023, we served 1,388 customers. For an explanation of how we define current customers, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Components of Results of Operations. We deliver solutions to companies throughout the life sciences industry, including pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device companies, contract sales organizations, and contract research organizations. 
 4 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Our life sciences customers range from the largest global pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies such as Bayer AG, Boehringer Ingelheim GmbH, Eli Lilly and Company, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Merck Sharp Dohme Corp., and Novartis Pharma AG, to emerging growth pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including Alkermes Inc., Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc., bluebird bio, Inc., Idorsia Pharmaceuticals Ltd, and Moderna Therapeutics Inc. We also deliver solutions to companies in the CP C industries. 
 Our Human Capital Resources 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 6,744 employees worldwide, up by 1,262 from the previous year. Our employees in the United States are not represented by a labor union; however, in certain foreign locations, local workers councils represent our employees. We have not experienced any work stoppages, and we consider our relations with our employees to be very good. 
 Our workforce is diverse in many respects. As of January 31, 2023, 44 of our global employee population self-identified as female and approximately 39 of our U.S. workforce self-identified as members of underrepresented racial or ethnic groups. We define underrepresented racial or ethnic groups as those comprising individuals who identify as American Indian, Alaska Native, Asian, Black, African American, Hispanic, Latino, Hawaiian, Pacific Islander, or two or more races. 
 We use a combination of base salary and equity to compensate our employees. We also offer a range of benefits to our employees, including comprehensive healthcare and other wellness programs. We believe our compensation and benefits programs are competitive. 
 While we experience intense competition for talent, we believe we have been effective at attracting and retaining talented employees. 
 
 Research and Development 
 Our R D organization is responsible for the design, development, and testing of our solutions and applications. Based on customer feedback and needs, we focus our efforts on developing new solutions functionality, applications, and core technologies and further enhancing the usability, functionality, reliability, performance, and flexibility of existing solutions and applications. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 We sell our solutions through our direct sales organization. In large life sciences companies, the R D and commercial business functions commonly have separate technology and business decision makers. Accordingly, we market and sell our solutions to align with the distinct characteristics of those decision makers. We have distinct R D and commercial sales teams, which we further segment to focus on selling to large global life sciences companies and smaller life sciences companies. We also have a distinct sales team for our sales efforts to companies in the CP C industries. 
 Technology Infrastructure and Operations 
 Our products are hosted in data centers located in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Japan, and South Korea. Our products used only within China are hosted in data centers located in China. We utilize third parties to provide our computing infrastructure and manage the infrastructure on which our solutions operate. For example, for Veeva CRM and certain of our multichannel CRM applications, we currently utilize the hosting infrastructure provided by Salesforce, Inc. For our Veeva Vault applications and certain other Veeva Commercial Cloud applications, we utilize Amazon Web Services. 
 Our infrastructure providers employ advanced measures to ensure physical integrity and security, including redundant power and cooling systems, fire and flood prevention mechanisms, continual security coverage, biometric readers at entry points and anonymous exteriors. We also implement various disaster recovery measures such that data loss would be minimized in the event of a single data center disaster. We architect our solutions using redundant configurations to minimize service interruptions. We continually monitor our solutions for any sign of failure or pending failure, and we take preemptive action to attempt to minimize or prevent downtime. 
 Our technology is based on multitenant architectures that apply common, consistent management practices for all customers using our solutions. We enable multiple customers to share the same version of our solutions while 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 securely partitioning their respective data. Portions of our multichannel customer relationship management applications currently utilize the Salesforce platform of Salesforce, Inc. Our Veeva Vault applications and portions of our other Commercial Cloud applications are built upon our own proprietary platforms. We recently announced that we intend to migrate our applications built on the Salesforce platform to our own Veeva Vault platform. Certain of our other applications rely on technology platforms provided by Amazon Web Services. For example, our commercial data warehouse application utilizes Amazon Redshift and our digital engagement application utilizes Zoom. 
 Quality and Compliance Program 
 Veeva maintains a quality management system certified to ISO9001 to ensure process controls conform to established industry standards for our cloud software offerings that are subject to good practice regulations for the life sciences industry. Robust audit trail tracking, compliant electronic signature capture, data encryption, and secure access controls are required for these software offerings, and they must be thoroughly tested for compliance with applicable life sciences industry regulations, which include: 
 Regulation Regulation Description 21 CFR 820.75 U.S. FDA device regulation on system validation 21 CFR 211.68 U.S. FDA pharma GMP regulation on system validation 21 CFR 11 U.S. FDA requirement for maintenance of electronic records EU Annex 11 EU Good Manufacturing Processes (GMP) requirement for maintenance of electronic records 21 CFR 203 Drug sample tracking as required by the Prescription Drug Marketing Act PFSB Notification, No. 0401022 (Japan) Use of Electromagnetic Records and Electronic Signatures for Approval of, or License for, Drugs OECD No. 17 
 Application of Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) Principles to Computerised Systems 
 ICH E6(R2) 
 Good Clinical Practice (GCP) Validation Principles 
 
 Security Program 
 Veeva maintains an information security management system certified to ISO 27001 and managed by our Veeva security team to ensure security controls conform to established standards across both product and infrastructure components. Our solution undergoes internal vulnerability testing prior to release, and we employ third parties to perform penetration and vulnerability tests on our solutions on at least an annual basis. We also obtain independent third-party audit opinions related to security and availability annually, such as SOC 2 Type 2 reports and ISO 27001 attestation reports. We also require role-based security and security awareness training and have defined security incident response processes. 
 Privacy Program 
 Veeva maintains a global privacy program aligned to applicable laws such as the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), and the U.S. Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA). We have a Chief Privacy Officer, who collaborates with our Chief Information Security Officer and business and product leaders throughout our organization. Veeva maintains an active EU-U.S. Privacy Shield certification and a Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield certification; however, we currently rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses as our alternative legal data transfer mechanism. Veeva is also registered as a data broker as required by the California Attorney General. In addition, Veeva maintains privacy policies and procedures and role-based privacy awareness training. For more information about our privacy practices, please visit veeva.com/privacy. 
 Competition 
 The markets for our solutions are global, rapidly evolving, highly competitive, and subject to changing regulations, advancing technology, and shifting customer needs. In new sales cycles, we generally compete with other cloud-based solutions from providers that make applications geared toward the life sciences industry. The principal such competitor for our Veeva Commercial Cloud applications is IQVIA Holdings Inc., which offers a CRM application built on the Salesforce platform, various data products, and other applications that compete with our products. Our 
 6 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 data and data analytics products, including Veeva OpenData, Veeva Link, Veeva Crossix, and Veeva Compass, compete with IQVIA, Ipsos Group S.A., Definitive Health Corp., and smaller data and data analytics providers. No single vendor offers products that compete with all of our Veeva Vault applications, but IQVIA, Dassault Syst mes, OpenText Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Honeywell International Inc., and other smaller application providers offer applications that compete with certain of our Veeva Vault applications. 
 Our Commercial Cloud and Development Cloud application suites also compete to replace client server-based legacy solutions offered by companies such as Oracle, Microsoft Corporation, and other smaller application providers. Our customers may also choose to use cloud-based applications or platforms that are not life sciences specific such as Salesforce, Inc., Box, Inc., Amazon Web Services, or Microsoft for certain of the functions our applications provide. 
 We sell certain of our Veeva Vault applications to companies outside the life sciences industry. In this segment of our business, we compete with solutions such as those offered by OpenText, Microsoft, Honeywell, EtQ Management Consultants, LLC, Oracle, and Box, and custom-built software developed by third-party vendors or in-house by our potential customers. 
 Our business consulting and professional services offerings compete with a range of professional services firms. 
 Some of our actual and potential competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand and business recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios, and agreements with a broader set of system integrators and other partners. We expect competition to intensify in the future, and we may face competition from new market entrants as well. 
 We believe the principal competitive factors in our market include the following: 
 level of customer satisfaction; 
 regulatory compliance verification and functionality; 
 domain expertise with respect to life sciences; 
 ease of deployment and use of solutions and applications; 
 breadth and depth of solution and application functionality; 
 brand awareness and reputation; 
 modern and adaptive technology platform; 
 capability for customization, configurability, integration, security, scalability and reliability of applications; 
 total cost of ownership; 
 ability to innovate and respond to customer needs rapidly; 
 size of customer base and level of user adoption; 
 ability to secure the rights to load and process third party proprietary data licensed by customers; and 
 ability to integrate with legacy enterprise infrastructures and third-party applications. 
 We believe that we generally compete favorably on the basis of these factors. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Intellectual Property 
 We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, copyrights and trademarks, as well as contractual protections, to establish and protect our intellectual property rights. We have developed a process for seeking patent protection for our technology innovations. The table below provides a summary of our issued patents and pending patent applications as of January 31, 2023: 
 Issued U.S. patents (expiring between May 2027 and January 2039) 59 Issued international patents (expiring between April 2025 and June 2037) 13 U.S. and international pending patent applications 65 
 Our patents and patent applications cover technology within our Veeva Development Cloud and Veeva Commercial Cloud product families. We plan to continue expanding our patent portfolio. We require our employees, consultants, and other third parties to enter into confidentiality and proprietary rights agreements, and we control access to software, documentation, and other proprietary information. Although we rely on our intellectual property rights, as well as contractual protections to establish and protect our proprietary rights, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative skills of our personnel, creation of new features and functionality and frequent enhancements to our applications are essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position as a provider of technology solutions to the life sciences industry. 
 Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary technology and our intellectual property rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy or obtain and use our technology to develop applications with the same functionality as our application. Policing unauthorized use of our technology and intellectual property rights is difficult, and protection of our rights through civil enforcement mechanisms may be expensive and time consuming. 
 Companies in our industry, as well as non-practicing entities, often own a number of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets, and frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation, or other violations of intellectual property or other rights. We are currently engaged in legal proceedings with competitors in which the competitors are asserting trade secret misappropriation and other claims, and we may face new allegations in the future that we have infringed the patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, and other intellectual property rights of other competitors or non-practicing entities. We expect that we and others in our industry will continue to be subject to third-party infringement claims by competitors as the functionality of applications in different industry segments overlaps, and by non-practicing entities. Any of these third parties might make a claim of infringement against us at any time. For example, see the description of our current litigations in note 14 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Corporate Information 
 Our website address is http://www.veeva.com. Information contained on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, and you should not consider information contained on our website to be part of this Form 10-K or in deciding whether to purchase shares of our Class A common stock. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, are available free of charge on the Investors portion of our website at http://ir.veeva.com as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. 

8 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 
 Investing in our Class A common stock involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below and in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, together with all of the other information in this report, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes, before investing in our Class A common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that event, the price of our Class A common stock could decline and you could lose part or all of your investment. 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 The below is a summary of principal risks to our business and risks associated with ownership of our stock. It is only a summary. You should read the more detailed discussion of risks set forth below and elsewhere in this report for a more complete discussion of the risks listed below and other risks. 
 If our security measures are breached or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce or stop the use of our solutions, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 The markets in which we participate are highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 If our newer solutions are not successfully adopted by new and existing customers, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Our revenues are relatively concentrated within a small number of key customers, and the loss of one or more of such key customers could cause our revenues to decline. 
 Our plans to migrate our CRM applications from the Salesforce platform to our own Veeva Vault platform could cause business disruptions for customers, lead to the loss of our customers to competitors, and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Nearly all of our revenues are generated by sales to customers in the life sciences industry, and factors that adversely affect this industry could also adversely affect us. 
 We expect our longer-term revenue growth rates to decline in future periods and, as our costs increase, we may not be able to sustain the same level of profitability we have achieved in the past. 
 Unique and uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical factors, including as a result of worldwide inflationary pressures and rising interest rates, volatility in the financial sector, concerns about a possible domestic or global recession, currency exchange fluctuations and the Russian invasion of Ukraine may cause instability and volatility in the global financial markets and disruptions within the life sciences industry that may negatively impact our business, our financial results, and our stock price. 
 Difficulty attracting and retaining highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business and efforts to attract and retain such employees may increase our expenses. 
 If the third-party providers of healthcare professional and healthcare organization data and prescription drug sales data, such as IQVIA for instance, do not allow our customers to upload and use such data in our solutions, the demand for our solutions may decrease, and our business may be negatively impacted. 
 We rely on third-party providers for computing infrastructure, secure network connectivity, and other technology-related services needed to deliver our cloud solutions, and any disruption in the services provided by them could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability. 
 We are currently being sued by third parties for alleged misappropriation of trade secrets. We may suffer damages, which could be significant, or other harm from these lawsuits and we may be sued for infringement or misappropriation of third-party intellectual property in the future. 
 Our status as a PBC may not result in the benefits that we anticipate, requires our directors to balance the interest of stockholders with other interests, and may subject us to legal uncertainty and other risks. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Until its expiration on October 15, 2023, the dual-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with certain individuals and their affiliates, which will limit or preclude the ability of our investors to influence corporate matters. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 If our security measures are breached or compromised or unauthorized access to customer data is otherwise obtained, our solutions may be perceived as not being secure, customers may reduce or stop their use of our solutions, and we may incur significant liabilities. 
 Our solutions involve the storage and transmission of our customers proprietary information (including personal or identifying information regarding their employees and the medical professionals whom their sales personnel contact, and sensitive proprietary data related to the clinical trial, regulatory submission and sales and marketing processes for medical treatments), personal information of medical professionals, personal information (which may include personal health information) of patients and clinical trial participants, and other sensitive information. For example, Veeva Crossix processes third-party health and non-health data for U.S. patients. Additionally, we maintain and process other confidential, proprietary, and sensitive business information, including personal information relating to our employees and contractors and confidential information relating to our solutions and business. 
 Unauthorized access or other security breaches or incidents, as a result of third-party action (e.g., cyber-attacks, or the introduction into our networks or systems of ransomware or other malware), employee or contractor error or malfeasance, product defect, or otherwise, could result in the loss of information, inappropriate access to or use, unavailability, modification, destruction, or other processing of information, loss of intellectual property, service interruption, service degradation, outages, service level credits, claims, demands, litigation, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, indemnity obligations, damage to our reputation, and other liability. It is possible that our risk of cyber-attack and other sources of security breaches and incidents may be elevated as a result of Russia s invasion of Ukraine due to an increase in cyber-attack attempts on us, our customers, our partners, or our technology infrastructure providers. 
 While we maintain and continue to improve our security measures, we may be unable to adequately anticipate security threats or to implement adequate preventative measures, in part, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or sabotage systems change frequently and are becoming increasingly sophisticated and complex, and generally are not identified until they are launched against a target. Moreover, our efforts to detect, prevent, and remediate known or unknown security vulnerabilities, including those arising from third-party hardware or software in our supply chain, may be insufficient to prevent security breaches or incidents resulting from such vulnerabilities, and may result in additional direct or indirect costs and liabilities and time of management and technical personnel. We may be required to expend significant capital and financial resources to protect against the foregoing threats and to alleviate problems caused by actual or perceived security breaches or incidents. Additionally, we and our service providers may face difficulties or delays in identifying, remediating, and otherwise responding to any cybersecurity attack or other security breach or incident. 
 Any or all of these circumstances or issues, or the perception that any of them have occurred or are present (including any actual or perceived cyberattacks or other security breaches or incidents), could adversely affect our ability to attract new customers, cause existing customers to elect to not renew their subscriptions, result in reputational damage and harm to our market position, or subject us to third-party claims, demands, and lawsuits, regulatory investigations, proceedings, fines, and penalties, mandatory notifications and disclosures, or other action or liability, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Our insurance may not be adequate to cover losses associated with such events, and such insurance may not cover all of the types of costs, expenses, and losses we could incur to respond to and remediate a security breach or incident. 
 The markets in which we participate are highly competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 
 The markets for our solutions are highly competitive. In new sales cycles within our largest product categories, we generally compete with other cloud-based solutions from providers that make applications geared toward the life sciences industry. The principal such competitor for our Commercial Solutions is IQVIA Holdings Inc., which offers a CRM application built on the Salesforce platform, various data products, and other applications that compete with our products. Our data and data analytics products, including Veeva OpenData, Veeva Link, Veeva Crossix, and Veeva Compass, compete with IQVIA, Ipsos Group S.A., Definitive Health Corp., and smaller data and data analytics providers. IQVIA, Dassault Syst mes, OpenText Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Honeywell International Inc., and other smaller application providers offer applications that compete with certain of our Veeva R D 
 10 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 applications. Our Veeva Commercial Cloud and Veeva R D applications also compete to replace client server-based legacy solutions offered by companies such as Oracle, Microsoft Corporation, and other smaller application providers. Our customers may also choose to use cloud-based applications or platforms that are not life sciences specific such as Salesforce, Inc., Box.com, Amazon Web Services, or Microsoft for certain of the functions our applications provide. Our business consulting and professional services offerings compete with a range of professional services firms, which include, at times, some of our partners. With the introduction of new technologies, we expect competition to intensify in the future, and we may face competition from new market entrants as well. 
 We recently announced plans to migrate our multichannel CRM applications from the Salesforce platform to our Veeva Vault platform, as discussed in more detail below, which could lead to customers choosing competitors that continue to use the Salesforce platform, or other CRM application providers, over us. 
 Some of our actual and potential competitors have advantages over us, such as longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources, stronger brand and business recognition, larger intellectual property portfolios, and agreements with a broader set of system integrators and other partners. We also continue to be subject to litigation from our competitors. For example, as disclosed elsewhere in this report, we are in active litigation with IQVIA and Medidata. In addition, our competitors may offer price concessions, delayed payment terms, or other more favorable terms and conditions in light of the recent macroeconomic environment. 
 If our competitors products, services, or technologies become more accepted than our solutions, if they are successful in bringing their products or services to market earlier than we are, if their products or services are more technologically capable than ours, or if customers replace our solutions with custom-built software, then our revenues could be adversely affected. Pricing pressures and increased competition could result in reduced sales, reduced margins, losses, or a failure to maintain or improve our competitive market position, any of which could adversely affect our business. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete favorably against our current and future competitors. 
 If our newer solutions are not successfully adopted by new and existing customers, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Our continued growth and profitability will depend on our ability to successfully develop and sell new solutions. It is uncertain whether these newer solutions will continue to grow as a percentage of revenues at a pace significant enough to support our expected overall growth. For example, we have limited experience selling our Veeva Compass offering for longitudinal patient data, and our MyVeeva for Patients solution that enables remote patient interactions for clinical trials. Also, as discussed in more detail below, we recently announced plans to migrate our multichannel CRM applications from the Salesforce platform to our Veeva Vault platform. We cannot be certain that we will be successful with respect to newer solutions and markets. It may take us significant time, and we may incur significant expense, to effectively market and sell these solutions, develop other new solutions, or make enhancements to our existing solutions. If our newer solutions do not continue to gain traction in the market, or other solutions that we may develop and introduce in the future do not achieve market acceptance in a timely manner, the growth rate of our revenues and operating results will be adversely affected. 
 Our revenues are relatively concentrated within a small number of key customers, and the loss of one or more of such key customers, or their failure to renew or expand user subscriptions, could slow the growth rate of our revenues or cause our revenues to decline. 
 In our fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, our top 10 customers accounted for 29 , 31 , and 36 of our total revenues, respectively. We rely on our reputation and recommendations from key customers in order to promote our solutions to potential customers, which we call reference selling. The loss of any of our key customers, or a failure of one or more of them to renew or expand user subscriptions for some or all our products, could have a significant impact on the growth rate of our revenues, our reputation, and our ability to obtain new customers. In the event of an acquisition of one of our customers or a business combination between two of our customers, we have in the past and may in the future suffer reductions in user subscriptions or non-renewal of certain or all of their subscription orders. We are also likely to face increasing purchasing scrutiny at the renewal of large customer subscription orders, which may result in reductions in user subscriptions or increased pricing pressure. The business impact of any of these negative events could be particularly pronounced with respect to our largest customers. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Defects or disruptions in our solutions could result in diminished demand for our solutions, a reduction in our revenues, and subject us to substantial liability. 
 We have from time to time found defects in our solutions, and new defects may be detected in the future. In addition, we have experienced, and may in the future experience, service disruptions, degradations, outages, and other performance problems. These types of problems may be caused by a variety of factors, including human or software errors, viruses, cyber-attacks, fraud, spikes in customer usage, problems associated with our third-party computing infrastructure and network providers, infrastructure changes, and denial of service issues. Service disruptions may result from errors we make in delivering, configuring, or hosting our solutions, or designing, installing, expanding, or maintaining our computing infrastructure. In some instances, we may not be able to identify the cause or causes of these performance problems within an acceptable period of time. It is also possible that such problems could result in losses of customer data. 
 Since our customers use our solutions for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects, disruptions, service degradations, or other performance problems with our solutions, could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers businesses. If that occurs, our customers may delay or withhold payment to us, cancel their agreements with us, elect not to renew, or make service credit claims, warranty claims, or other claims against us, and we could lose future sales. The occurrence of any of these events could result in diminishing demand for our solutions, a reduction of our revenues, an increase in our bad debt expense or in collection cycles for accounts receivable, or could require us to incur the expense of litigation or substantial liability. 
 Our plans to migrate our CRM applications from the Salesforce platform to our own Veeva Vault platform could cause business disruptions for customers, lead to the loss of our customers to competitors, and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We currently depend on the Salesforce platform to deliver our multichannel CRM applications, but we recently announced plans to migrate those applications to our Veeva Vault platform. We also recently announced that we do not intend to renew our agreement with Salesforce, Inc. for use of the Salesforce platform. We currently intend to make our CRM applications available on the Veeva Vault platform in 2024 for early adopters and in 2025 for all customers, but we may not be successful in achieving this timeline. All existing CRM customers will be required to migrate to the Veeva Vault platform by September 1, 2030. The migration of our CRM applications and the migration of existing customers will require time and expense, which may be significant. These migration processes are complex and we cannot be certain that we will be successful or that the Veeva Vault platform will be ready for migration on our intended timeline or the timeline necessary to support our customers. Further, some existing customers may decide not to migrate to the Veeva Vault platform and may decide to use a different CRM solution. During the migration period, there may be disruptions in our services or other migration-related problems, whether or not such incidents are our fault, that could subject us to liability or harm our reputation. If we are unsuccessful migrating our multichannel CRM applications to the Veeva Vault platform, encounter disruptions or other problems in the migration process, or our customers do not migrate to the Veeva Vault platform in a timely manner, or at all, our business, operating results and brand could be materially and adversely affected. 
 Our sales cycles can be long and unpredictable, and our sales efforts require considerable investment of resources. If our sales cycle lengthens or we invest substantial resources pursuing unsuccessful sales opportunities, our operating results and growth would be harmed. 
 Our sales process entails planning discussions with prospective customers, analyzing their existing solutions, and identifying how these potential customers could use and benefit from our solutions. The sales cycle for a new customer, from the time of prospect qualification to the completion of the first sale, may span 12 months or longer. Sales cycles for our newer applications or in newer markets or industries are also lengthy and difficult to predict. We spend substantial time, effort, and expense in our sales efforts without any assurance that our efforts will result in the sale of our solutions. In addition, our sales cycle can vary substantially from customer to customer because of various factors, including the discretionary nature of potential customers purchasing and budget decisions, the macroeconomic and regulatory environments, the availability of funding in the life sciences industry, the announcement or planned introduction of new solutions by us or our competitors, and the purchasing approval processes of potential customers. For example, since the quarter ended July 31, 2022, we have experienced increased project scrutiny for certain potential projects, which may continue for the foreseeable future. If our sales cycle lengthens or we invest substantial resources pursuing unsuccessful sales opportunities, our operating results and growth would be harmed. 
 12 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Sales to customers outside the United States or with international operations expose us to risks inherent in international sales. 
 In our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, customers outside North America accounted for approximately 42 of our total revenues. A key element of our growth strategy is to further expand our international operations and worldwide customer base. Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and subjects us to regulatory, economic, and political risks that are different from those in the United States. We have limited operating experience in some international markets, and we cannot assure you that our expansion efforts into additional international markets will be successful. Our experience in the United States and other international markets in which we already have a presence may not be relevant to our ability to expand in other markets. Our international expansion efforts may not be successful in creating further demand for our solutions outside of the United States or in effectively selling our solutions in the international markets we enter. 
 The risks we face in doing business internationally that could adversely affect our business include: 
 the need and expense to localize and adapt our solutions for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages, and ensuring that our solutions enable our customers to comply with local laws and regulations; 
 data privacy and data sovereignty laws which require that customer data be stored and processed in a designated territory; 
 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 
 different pricing environments, longer sales cycles and longer accounts receivable payment cycles, and collections issues; 
 new and different sources of competition; 
 weaker protection for intellectual property and other legal rights than in the United States and practical difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and other rights outside of the United States; 
 laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 
 compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including those related to employment, tax, privacy and data protection, anti-bribery, and environmental, social and governance matters; 
 increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 difficulties in repatriating funds without adverse tax consequences or restrictions on the transfer of funds more generally, including as a result of sanctions arising from the Russian invasion of Ukraine, which may limit our ability to receive payment from Russian banks; 
 adverse tax consequences, including the potential for required withholding taxes; 
 fluctuations in the exchange rates of foreign currency in which our foreign revenues or expenses may be denominated; 
 changes in diplomatic relations and trade policy, including the status of relations between the United States and other countries, including China, Russia, or Belarus, and the implementation of or changes to trade sanctions, tariffs, and embargoes, including if the United States and other countries were to impose more significant general sanctions against Russia or Belarus in response to the continuing conflict in Ukraine, which could ban the use of our products by companies or users in Russia or Belarus; 
 public health crises, such as epidemics and pandemics, including COVID-19; and 
 unstable regional and economic political conditions or war in the markets in which we operate, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
 We do not currently have locations or employees in Russia, we have discontinued Belarus operations, and our revenues from sales to Russian and Belarus entities is limited. However, some of our customers, particularly large multinational companies, have users of our products in Russia and the affected areas. For example, certain customers have recently reduced their number of end users in Ukraine. If the conflict continues or worsens and 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 customers further curtail or discontinue their operations in Ukraine, Russia or Belarus, we may lose sales and our results of operations could be negatively impacted. 
 Some of our business partners also have international operations and are subject to the risks described above. Even if we are able to successfully manage the risks of international operations, our business may be adversely affected if our business partners are not able to successfully manage these risks, which could adversely affect our business. 
 Difficulty attracting and retaining highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business and efforts to attract and retain such employees may increase our expenses. 
 To execute our growth plan, we must attract and retain highly skilled employees. Competition for such employees and potential employees is intense. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees with the appropriate level of qualifications, and we also have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, intense recruitment of our employees by competitors and other technology companies. 
 Further, it takes time for newly hired employees to become productive. With respect to sales professionals, for instance, even if we are successful in attracting highly qualified personnel, it may take six to nine months or longer before they are fully trained and productive. 
 Many of the companies with which we compete for experienced employees have greater resources than we have and may offer compensation packages that are perceived to be better than ours. For example, we offer equity awards to a substantial majority of our job candidates and existing employees as part of their overall compensation package. If the perceived value of our equity awards declines, including as a result of prolonged declines in the market price of our Class A common stock or changes in perception about our future prospects, it may adversely affect our ability to recruit and retain highly skilled employees. Additionally, changes in our compensation structure may be negatively received by employees and result in attrition or cause difficulty in the recruiting process. If we fail to attract new employees or fail to retain and motivate our current employees, our business and future growth prospects could be adversely affected. 
 In light of the worldwide labor market conditions and inflationary pressure, our global compensation increases in connection with our annual compensation review process, which took place in our fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2022, were higher than previous years, which has increased our expenses. 
 Additionally, we have adopted a permanent Work Anywhere policy, which generally gives employees the flexibility to work in an office or at home on any given day, with certain job-specific restrictions. While we believe this program is beneficial to our business, we have limited experience with the program. We may find it challenging to maintain the same level of employee productivity, foster collaboration, and maintain the beneficial aspects of our culture, and any such failures could negatively affect our future success, including our ability to attract and retain highly qualified employees and to achieve our business objectives. 
 Catastrophic events could disrupt our business and adversely affect our operating results. 
 Our corporate headquarters are located in Pleasanton, California and our primary third-party hosted computing infrastructure is located in the United States, the European Union, Japan, and South Korea. The west coast of the United States, Japan, and South Korea each contain active earthquake zones. Additionally, we rely on our network and third-party infrastructure and enterprise applications, internal technology systems, and our website, for our development, marketing, operational support, hosted services, and sales activities. In the event of a major earthquake, hurricane, or other natural disaster, or catastrophic event such as an actual or threatened public health emergency (e.g., COVID-19), fire, extreme weather event, power loss, telecommunications failure, cyber-attack, war (including the Russian invasion of Ukraine), or terrorist attack, we may be unable to continue our operations at full capacity or at all and may experience system interruptions, reputational harm, delays in our solution development, lengthy interruptions in our services, breaches of data security, loss of key employees, and loss of critical data, all of which could have an adverse effect on our future operating results. 
 We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders, and otherwise disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results. 
 We have in the past acquired and may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, solutions, or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our solutions, enhance our technical capabilities or 
 14 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of management and cause us to incur various expenses in identifying, investigating, and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are completed. 
 We have limited experience in acquiring other businesses. We may not be able to successfully integrate the acquired personnel, operations, and technologies or effectively manage the combined business following the acquisition. We also may not achieve the anticipated benefits from the acquired business due to a number of factors, including: 
 inability to integrate or benefit from acquired technologies or services in a profitable manner; 
 costs, liabilities, or accounting charges associated with the acquisition; 
 difficulty integrating the privacy, data security, and accounting systems, operations, and personnel of the acquired business; 
 difficulties and additional expenses associated with supporting legacy products and hosting infrastructure of the acquired business; 
 difficulty converting the customers of the acquired business onto our solutions and contract terms, including due to disparities in the revenue, licensing, support, or professional services model of the acquired company; 
 diversion of management s attention from other business concerns; 
 problems arising from differences in applicable accounting standards or practices of the acquired business (for instance, non-U.S. businesses may not be accustomed to preparing their financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP) or difficulty identifying and correcting deficiencies in the internal controls over financial reporting of the acquired business; 
 adverse effects to business relationships with our existing business partners and customers as a result of the acquisition; 
 difficulty in retaining key personnel of the acquired business; 
 use of substantial portions of our available cash to consummate the acquisition; 
 use of resources that are needed in other parts of our business; 
 significant changes beyond our control to the worldwide economic environment that could negatively impact our underlying assumptions and expectations for performance of the acquired business; and 
 the possibility of investigation by, or the failure to obtain required approvals from, governmental authorities on a timely basis, if at all, under various regulatory schemes, including competition laws, which could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, subject the transaction to divestiture after the fact, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of the acquisition. 
 Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our operating results. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business, and financial position may suffer. 
 Moreover, a significant portion of the purchase price of companies we acquire may be allocated to acquired intangible assets and goodwill, which we must assess for impairment at least annually. In the future, if our acquisitions do not yield expected returns, we may be required to take charges to our operating results based on this impairment assessment process, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Acquisitions may also result in purchase accounting adjustments, write-offs or restructuring charges, which may negatively affect our results. 
 Our core Veeva CRM application has achieved substantial market penetration of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. If our efforts to sustain or further increase the use and adoption of our core CRM application do not succeed, the growth of our Commercial Solutions revenues may be negatively impacted. 
 In our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we derived approximately 55 of our subscription services revenues and approximately 52 of our total revenues from our Commercial Solutions. In our fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023, we derived approximately 53 of our subscription services revenues and approximately 51 of our total revenues from our Commercial Solutions. A significant percentage of our Commercial Solutions subscription 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 services revenues are derived from subscriptions for our core CRM application, and we have realized substantial sales penetration among pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for our core Veeva CRM application. If we are not able to sell additional user subscriptions for our core CRM application, if we fail to renew existing subscriptions for our core CRM application, or if subscription levels for our core CRM application are reduced at renewal (as a result of reductions in sales representatives that use our solutions, change in demand for our solutions, or for other reasons), the growth of our Commercial Solutions revenues may be negatively impacted. In the quarter ended October 31, 2020, we disclosed that we expected life sciences companies to reduce the number of sales representatives that they employ by roughly 10 . While the majority of these reductions were completed by the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we expect additional reductions to take place through the end of our fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. Such reductions could negatively impact sales of Veeva CRM and certain of our other Commercial Solutions, but we cannot be certain of the timing or magnitude of such reductions. 
 Changes in our senior management team or other key personnel could have a negative effect on our ability to execute our business strategy. 
 Our success depends in a large part upon the continued service of our senior management team or other key personnel. In particular, our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Peter P. Gassner, is critical to our vision, strategic direction, culture, products, and technology. We do not maintain key-man insurance for Mr. Gassner or any other member of our senior management team. In our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, in response to a competitive talent environment, we made significant awards to our senior management, other than Mr. Gassner, outside of our regular compensation program, but we cannot guarantee those awards will be sufficient to retain all of these individuals. In addition, in the past several years we have experienced changes to our senior leadership team. Such leadership transitions can be inherently difficult to manage, and an unsuccessful transition may cause disruption to our business. In addition, change in the senior management team may create uncertainty among investors and employees or candidates concerning Veeva s future direction and performance. Any disruption in our operations or uncertainty around our ability to execute could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
 Our business could be adversely affected if our customers are not satisfied with the professional or technical support services provided by us or our partners. 
 Our business depends on our ability to satisfy our customers, both with respect to our solutions and the professional services that are performed in connection with the implementation of our solutions, including training our customers employees on our solutions. Professional services may be performed by us, by a third party, or by a combination of the two. If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or a third party or with the solutions delivered, we could incur additional costs to address the situation, we may be required to issue credits or refunds for pre-paid amounts related to unused services, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer s dissatisfaction with our services could damage our ability to expand the number of solutions subscribed to by that customer. Moreover, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with current and prospective customers. 
 Once our solutions are deployed, our customers depend on our support organization to resolve technical issues relating to our solutions. We may be unable to sufficiently accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for technical support services to our customers satisfaction. Increased customer demand for our technical support services, without corresponding revenues, could increase costs and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, our sales process is highly dependent on the reputation of our solutions and business and on positive recommendations from our existing customers. Any failure to maintain high-quality technical support, or a market perception that we do not maintain high-quality support, could adversely affect our reputation, our ability to sell our solutions to existing and prospective customers, and our business and operating results. 
 Our estimate of the market size for our solutions we have provided publicly may prove to be inaccurate, and even if the market size is accurate, we cannot assure you that our business will serve a significant portion of the market. 
 Our estimate of the market size for our solutions that we have provided publicly, sometimes referred to as total addressable market (TAM), is subject to significant uncertainty and is based on assumptions and estimates, including our internal analysis and industry experience, which may not prove to be accurate. These estimates are, in part, based upon the size of the general application areas we target. Our ability to serve a significant portion of this estimated market is subject to many factors, including our success in implementing our business strategy, which is 
 16 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 subject to many risks and uncertainties. For example, in order to address the entire TAM we have identified, we must continue to enhance and add functionality to our existing solutions and introduce new solutions. Accordingly, even if our estimate of the market size is accurate, we cannot assure you that our business will serve a significant portion of this estimated market for our solutions. 
 Risks Related to the Principal Industry We Serve 
 Nearly all of our revenues are generated by sales to customers in the life sciences industry, and factors that adversely affect this industry, including mergers within the life sciences industry or regulatory changes, could also adversely affect us. 
 Nearly all of our sales are to customers in the life sciences industry. Demand for our solutions could be affected by factors that affect the life sciences industry, including: 
 The changing regulatory environment of the life sciences industry Changes in regulations could negatively impact the business environment for our life sciences customers. Healthcare laws and regulations are rapidly evolving and may change significantly in the future. In particular, legislation or regulatory changes regarding the pricing of drugs and other healthcare treatments sold by life sciences companies, including the extent to which the U.S. government or other governments may establish or negotiate prescription drug prices, has continued to be a topic of discussion by political leaders and regulators in the United States and elsewhere. Significant changes in drug pricing policy or regulation could result in life sciences companies reducing the number of sales representatives that use our products or otherwise reduce demand for our products. For example, the recently enacted Inflation Reduction Act contains a number of significant drug pricing reforms, including provisions designed to limit the prices paid by Medicare for various prescription drugs. It is unclear at this time what, if any, impact this legislation will have on our business or our customers businesses. We will continue to evaluate its impact. 
 Consolidation of companies within the life sciences industry Consolidation within the life sciences industry has accelerated in recent years, and this trend could continue. We have in the past, and may in the future, suffer reductions in user subscriptions or non-renewal of customer subscription orders due to industry consolidation. We may not be able to expand sales of our solutions and services to new customers enough to counteract any negative impact of company consolidation on our business. In addition, new companies that result from such consolidation may decide that our solutions are no longer needed because of their own internal processes or alternative solutions. As these companies consolidate, competition to provide solutions and services will become more intense and establishing relationships with large industry participants will become more important. These industry participants may also try to use their market power to negotiate price reductions for our solutions. If consolidation of our larger customers occurs, the combined company may represent a larger percentage of business for us and, as a result, we are likely to rely more significantly on revenue from the combined company to continue to achieve growth. In addition, if large life sciences companies merge, it would have the potential to reduce per-unit pricing for our solutions for the merged companies or to reduce demand for one or more of our solutions as a result of potential personnel reductions over time. 
 Changes in the funding environment and bankruptcies in the life sciences industry Our business depends on the overall economic health of our existing and prospective customers. The purchase of our solutions may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. In 2022, there was a reduction in funding for early-stage life sciences companies, which resulted in reduced sales and adversely affected our financial results for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and may continue for the foreseeable future. Moreover, life sciences companies, and in particular early-stage companies with pre-commercial treatments in clinical trials, may ultimately be unsuccessful and may subsequently declare bankruptcy. If our customers declare bankruptcy or otherwise dissolve, they may terminate their agreements with us or we may not be able to recoup the full payment of fees owed to us. Certain of our customers or potential customers may also be negatively impacted by recent volatility in the financial sector (including the failure of Silicon Valley Bank) and may find access to debt and other financing more difficult as a result. 
 Changes in market conditions and practices within the life sciences industry The expiration of key patents, the implications of precision medicine treatments, changes in the practices of prescribing physicians and patients, changes with respect to payer relationships, the policies and preferences of healthcare professionals and healthcare organizations with respect to the sales and marketing efforts of 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 life sciences companies, and changes in the regulation of the sales and marketing efforts and pricing practices of life sciences companies. Changes in public perception regarding the practices of the life sciences industry may result in political pressure to increase the regulation of life sciences companies in one or more of the areas described above, which may negatively impact demand for our solutions. Other factors could lead to a significant reduction in sales representatives that use our solutions or otherwise change the demand for our solutions. In the quarter ended October 31, 2020, we disclosed that we expected life sciences companies to reduce the number of sales representatives that they employ by roughly 10 . While the majority of these reductions were completed by the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we expect additional reductions to take place through the end of our fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. Such reductions could negatively impact sales of our solutions, including Veeva CRM and certain of our other Commercial Solutions, but we cannot be certain of the timing or magnitude of such reductions. Further, decreased advertising budgets in the life sciences industry negatively impacted our Crossix business in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and we may experience similar budget constraints in the foreseeable future. 
 Changes in geopolitical conditions that impact the life sciences industry, changes in the ability to sell healthcare treatments in certain locations, and the global availability of healthcare treatments provided by the life sciences companies to which we sell If economic or geopolitical conditions deteriorates, or the ability to market life sciences products or conduct clinical trials in key markets is disrupted, including as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine or resulting sanctions, or if the demand for life sciences products globally deteriorates for other reasons, our customers may delay or reduce their IT spending, particularly within the regions impacted by negative economic or geopolitical conditions. For example, it has been reported that a number of significant life sciences companies plan to scale back sales, operations, and investments in Russia, including curtailing sales and marketing and clinical trial activity in Russia. It is also possible that clinical trial activity may be disrupted or delayed in the regions near Ukraine as clinical trial sites deal with the healthcare impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 
 Any of the above could result in reductions in sales of our solutions, longer sales cycles, reductions in subscription duration and value, slower adoption of new product offerings, and increased price competition. Accordingly, our operating results and our ability to efficiently provide our solutions to life sciences companies and to grow or maintain our customer base could be adversely affected as a result of these factors and others that affect the life sciences industry generally. 
 Our solutions address heavily regulated functions within the life sciences industry, and failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could lessen the demand for our solutions or subject us to significant claims and losses. 
 Our customers use our solutions for business activities that are subject to a complex regime of global laws and regulations, including requirements for maintenance of electronic records and electronic signatures, requirements regarding drug sample tracking and distribution, requirements regarding system validations, requirements regarding processing of health data, and other laws and regulations. Our customers expect to be able to use our solutions in a manner that is compliant with the regulations to which they are subject. Our efforts to provide solutions that comply with such laws and regulations are time-consuming and costly and include validation procedures that may delay the release of new versions of our solutions. As these laws and regulations change over time, we may find it difficult to adjust our solutions to comply with such changes. 
 In addition, many countries and self-regulatory bodies impose requirements regarding payments and transfers of value from life sciences companies to healthcare professionals. For example, our current and prospective customers may be required to comply with the U.S. federal legislation commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, enacted as part of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, and its implementing regulations (Sunshine Act). The Sunshine Act requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies, with specific exceptions, to report annually to the government information related to certain payments and other transfers of value to physicians. Our solutions and services targeted at life sciences companies, including, for example, Veeva Digital Events, are used by our customers to assist with their reporting obligations under the Sunshine Act. If our solutions and services fail to assist our customers to meet such reporting obligations in a timely and accurate manner, demand for our solutions could decrease, which could adversely affect our business. 
 18 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 As we increase the number of products we offer and the number of countries in which we operate, the complexity of adjusting our solutions to comply with legal and regulatory changes will increase. If we are unable to effectively manage this increased complexity or if we are not able to provide solutions that can be used in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, customers may be unwilling to use our solutions, and any such non-compliance could result in the termination of our customer agreements or claims arising from such agreements with our customers. Furthermore, we have in the past and may in the future be subject to inspections or audits by government agencies or other regulatory bodies to verify our customers compliance with applicable laws, regulations, or GxP principles. 
 Additionally, any failure of our customers to comply with laws and regulations applicable to the functions for which they use our solutions could result in investigations by regulatory authorities, fines, penalties, or claims for substantial damages against our customers that may, in turn, harm our business or reputation. If such failure were allegedly caused by our solutions or services, our customers may make a claim for damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for the failure. We may be subject to investigations and lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could divert our resources and our management s attention and adversely affect our business and customer relationships, and our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover such claims against us. 
 Increasingly complex data protection and privacy regulations are burdensome, may reduce demand for our solutions, and non-compliance may impose significant liabilities. 
 Our customers use our solutions to collect, use, process, store, and disclose personal data regarding their employees, healthcare professionals, and patients. Patient data may include sensitive health data. In many countries, governmental bodies have adopted or may adopt laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, processing, storage, and disclosure of personal data, making compliance an increasingly complex task. 
 Under the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we act as a data controller for our data products and a data processor with respect to our software solutions. Since the European Court of Justice invalidated the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, we now rely on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs), as updated, as well as our technical, contractual, and security measures, to ensure that our European customers have the appropriate legal mechanisms in place for their personal data to be accessed from within the United States. We are required to take steps to legitimize any personal data transfers impacted by these developments, and to engage in contract negotiations with third parties that aid in processing personal data on our behalf. We may be subject to increased costs of compliance and limitations on our service providers and us. 
 In the United States, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services promulgated privacy and security rules under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) that cover protected health information (PHI) by limiting use and disclosure and giving individuals the right to access, amend, and seek accounting of their PHI. Certain of our customers may be either business associates or covered entities under HIPAA, which means we must maintain a HIPAA compliance program. There is also the potential for the U.S. federal government to pass additional data privacy laws. 
 Several states have laws or have indicated an intention to enact laws imposing additional obligations and limitations on businesses that collect personal information and creating new privacy rights for individuals. For example, under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), as amended, we are generally considered a service provider for our software solutions and a business for our data and analytics products. Some of these laws and regulations also target certain types of marketing and advertising based on the use of personal information. Veeva Crossix, for instance, provides analytics derived from de-identified third-party health and consumer data on U.S. residents that life sciences companies use for measurement of their advertising objectives. These various laws, regulations, and legislative developments have potentially far-reaching consequences and may require us to modify our solutions and data management practices and incur substantial expense in order to comply. 
 There is also a trend toward countries enacting data localization obligations, cross-border data transfer restrictions, and other country specific privacy and security requirements which could be problematic to cloud software providers. For example, in 2021, China adopted the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL), which, together with the Cybersecurity Law (CSL) and the Data Security Law (DSL), has required and will continue to require significant investment and resources to develop our position and provide compliant solutions for our customers. 
 Understanding and implementing country, industry, and customer specific requirements and certifications on top of our internationally recognized security certifications could require additional investment and management attention and may subject us to significant liabilities if we are unable to comply. Compliance with global laws, regulations, and customer demand relating to privacy, data protection, and cybersecurity has and will continue to require valuable management and employee time and resources, and any actual or perceived failure to comply with these laws and regulations could include severe penalties, reputational harm, and reduce demand for our solutions. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 In addition to government regulations, privacy advocates and other key industry players have established and may establish various new, additional, or different policies or self-regulatory standards, such as the prohibition of third-party cookies and other identifiers in certain digital environments that may place additional burdens or resource constraints on us, limit our ability to collect and use certain data, and limit our ability to generate certain analytics. Our customers may expect us to meet voluntary certifications or adhere to other standards established by third parties. Moreover, the continuing evolution of these standards might cause confusion for our customers and may have an impact on the solutions we offer, including our data products. If we are unable to maintain these certifications or meet these standards, it could reduce demand for our solutions and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 Customers expect that our solutions can be used in compliance with applicable data protection and data privacy laws and regulations. The functional and operational requirements and costs of compliance with such laws and regulations may adversely impact our business. Data protection authorities from around the world will from time to time review our products and services and their compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could lead to inspections, audits, regulatory investigations and other proceedings, significant fines, penalties, and other relief imposed by government agencies and regulatory bodies, and claims, demands, and litigation by our customers or third parties, which may result in substantial damages and other liabilities. All of these domestic and international legislative and regulatory initiatives could adversely affect our customers ability or desire to collect, use, process, store, and disclose personal information and health data using our solutions, or to license data products from us, which could reduce demand for our solutions. 
 Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties 
 If the third-party providers of healthcare professional and healthcare organization data and prescription drug sales data do not allow our customers to upload and use such data in our solutions, the demand for our solutions may decrease, and our business may be negatively impacted. 
 Many of our customers license healthcare professional and healthcare organization data and data regarding the sales of prescription drugs from third parties such as IQVIA. In order for our customers to upload such data to the Veeva CRM, Veeva Network Customer Master, Veeva Nitro, and other Veeva applications, such third-party data providers typically must consent to such uploads and often require that we enter into agreements regarding our obligations with respect to such data, which include confidentiality obligations and intellectual property rights with respect to such third-party data. We have experienced delays and difficulties in our negotiations with such third-party data providers in the past, and we expect to continue experiencing difficulties in the future. For instance, IQVIA currently will not consent that customers using its healthcare professional or healthcare organization data may upload such data to Veeva Network Customer Master and this has negatively affected sales and customer adoption of Veeva Network Customer Master. To date, IQVIA has also restricted customers from uploading any of its data to Veeva Nitro, and has denied use of its data with certain other Veeva applications and for certain other use cases. In addition, IQVIA has stated publicly that it will deny all customer requests for use of new IQVIA data types in Veeva applications, including, as examples, real world data, real world evidence, and genomics. Similarly, sales and customer adoption of Veeva OpenData has been negatively impacted by certain restrictions on the use of IQVIA data during customer transitions from IQVIA data to Veeva OpenData. If third-party data providers, particularly IQVIA, do not consent to the uploading and use of their data in our solutions, delay consent, or fail to offer reasonable conditions for the upload and use of their data in our solutions, our sales efforts, solution implementations, and productive use of our solutions by customers, which have been harmed by such actions in the past, may continue to be harmed. Restrictions on the ability of our customers to use third-party data in our solutions may also decrease demand for our solutions or may cause customers to consider purchasing solutions that are not subject to the same restrictions. If these third-party data limitations persist, our business may be negatively impacted. 
 20 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We rely on third-party providers including Salesforce, Inc. and Amazon Web Services for computing infrastructure, secure network connectivity, and other technology-related services needed to deliver our cloud solutions. Any disruption in the services provided by such third-party providers could adversely affect our business and subject us to liability. 
 Our solutions are hosted from and use computing infrastructure provided by third parties. We utilize Amazon Web Services with respect to applications built on the Veeva Vault platform. Our Veeva CRM application (and certain of our multichannel CRM applications) are built on a platform provided by Salesforce, Inc. that utilizes hosting and computing infrastructure provided by Salesforce, Inc. However, as discussed in more detail above, we intend to migrate our applications built on the Salesforce platform to our Veeva Vault platform. We also utilize other computing infrastructure service providers to a lesser extent. 
 We do not own or control the operation of the third-party facilities or equipment used to provide the services described above. Our computing infrastructure service providers have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, we may be required to transition to a new provider and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. In addition, such service providers could decide to close their facilities or change or suspend their service offerings without adequate notice to us. Moreover, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy, faced by such service providers may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. Since we cannot easily switch computing infrastructure service providers, any disruption with respect to our current providers would impact our operations and our business could be adversely impacted. 
 Problems faced by our computing infrastructure service providers could adversely affect the experience of our customers. For example, Salesforce, Inc. and Amazon Web Services have experienced significant service outages in the past and may do so again in the future. Additionally, our failure to manage or react to an increase in customer demand could have an adverse effect on our business. A rapid expansion of our business or an increase in customer demand could affect our service levels or cause our systems to fail. Our agreements with third-party computing infrastructure service providers may not entitle us to corresponding service level credits to those we offer to our customers. Any changes in third-party service levels at our computing infrastructure service providers or any related disruptions or performance problems with our solutions could result in lengthy interruptions in our services, damage our customers stored files, or result in potential losses of customer data, any of which could adversely affect our reputation. Interruptions in our services might reduce our revenues, cause us to issue refunds to customers for prepaid and unused subscriptions, subject us to service level credit claims and potential liability, or adversely affect our renewal rates. 
 We are currently dependent upon Salesforce, Inc s. platform for our multichannel CRM applications, and we are bound by the restrictions of our agreement with Salesforce, Inc., which limits the markets to which we may sell our Veeva CRM solution. 
 Our Veeva CRM application, and certain portions of the multichannel CRM applications that complement our Veeva CRM application, utilize the Salesforce platform of Salesforce, Inc., and we are currently dependent upon the Salesforce platform to deliver our CRM application. 
 However, we recently announced our intent to migrate our applications built on the Salesforce platform to our Veeva Vault platform and we do not intend to renew our agreement with Salesforce, Inc. when the current term expires on September 1, 2025. Pursuant to the terms of our agreement, during the wind-down period from September 1, 2025 to September 1, 2030, we may not sell applications that utilize the Salesforce platform to new customers and our sales of applications that utilize the Salesforce platform to a customer existing at September 1, 2025 may not exceed 150 of the seats in use by each such customer as of September 1, 2025. After September 1, 2030, we will not be able to sell applications that utilize the Salesforce platform to any customers. 
 Through the expiration of the wind-down period, our agreement with Salesforce, Inc. provides that we can use the Salesforce platform as combined with our proprietary Veeva CRM application to sell sales automation solutions only to drug makers in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries for human and animal treatments, which does not include the medical device industry or products for non-drug departments of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Sales of the Salesforce platform in combination with our Veeva CRM application to additional industries would require the review and approval of Salesforce, Inc. Our inability to freely sell our Veeva CRM application using the Salesforce platform outside of drug makers in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may adversely impact our growth. Salesforce, Inc. also has the right to terminate the agreement early in certain circumstances, including in the event of a material breach of the agreement by us, or if Salesforce, Inc. is subjected 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 to third-party intellectual property infringement claims based on our solutions (except to the extent based on the Salesforce platform) or our trademarks and we do not remedy such infringement in accordance with the agreement. Also, if we are acquired by specified companies, Salesforce, Inc. may terminate the agreement upon notice of not less than 12 months. 
 For the period through September 1, 2025, our existing agreement provides that Salesforce, Inc., subject to certain exceptions including pre-existing arrangements, will not position, develop, promote, invest in, or acquire applications directly competitive to the Veeva CRM application for sales automation that directly target drug makers in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry or the pharma/biotech industry. During the same period, the agreement also restricts Salesforce, Inc. from competing with us with respect to sales opportunities for sales automation solutions for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry unless such competition has been pre-approved by Salesforce Inc. s senior management based on certain criteria specified in the agreement, and imposes certain limits on Salesforce, Inc. from entering into new arrangements after March 3, 2014 that are similar to ours with other parties with respect to sales automation applications for the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry. However, the agreement does not restrict a Salesforce, Inc. customer s ability (or the ability of Salesforce, Inc. on behalf of a specific Salesforce, Inc. customer) to customize or configure the Salesforce platform. Moreover, our remedy for a breach of these commitments by Salesforce, Inc. is limited to early termination of the agreement or continue the agreement but be released from our minimum order commitments from the date of Salesforce, Inc. s breach forward. 
 After September 1, 2025, Salesforce, Inc. may develop a product that competes directly or indirectly with us or enter into arrangements similar to ours with competitors. Current or potential customers of ours may choose a competitor, such as IQVIA, that uses the Salesforce platform or build their own custom solutions on the Salesforce platform rather than buy from us. Any of these events may have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 Also, in 2019, Salesforce, Inc. announced a strategic partnership with Alibaba, a Chinese company, through which Alibaba will become the exclusive provider of Salesforce in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. The timeframe and exact parameters of changes to Salesforce, Inc. offerings in the listed regions has not been announced. Our existing agreement with Salesforce, Inc. allows us to sell our CRM solutions to drug makers in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries in mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan, and our right to do so is not impacted by the Alibaba partnership. However, our ability to offer our CRM solutions from data centers located in the listed regions may be limited if Salesforce, Inc. does not operate data centers in the listed regions in the future and we do not contract for such data center services from Alibaba. If our inability to offer our CRM solutions from data centers located in the listed regions negatively impacts the performance of our solutions in those regions or causes legal compliance concerns, or if customers in the listed regions prefer their CRM solutions to be hosted from local data centers, our business may be negatively affected. 
 We employ third-party licensed software and software components for use in or with our solutions, and the inability to maintain these licenses or the presence of errors or security vulnerabilities in the software we license could limit the functionality of our products and result in increased costs or reduced service levels, which would adversely affect our business. 
 In addition to our employment of the Salesforce platform through our agreement with Salesforce, Inc., our solutions incorporate or use certain third-party software and software components obtained under licenses from other companies. We also use third-party software and tools in the development process for our solutions to manage and monitor our computing infrastructure, and to provide professional services and support our customers. For example, our Veeva CRM Engage Meeting application uses a purpose-built partner tool from Zoom Video Communications, Inc., which is critical to the application s functionality. We anticipate that we will continue to rely on such third-party software and development tools in the future. Although we believe that there are commercially reasonable alternatives to the third-party software we currently license, this may not always be the case, or it may be difficult or costly to replace. In addition and although we maintain a supplier security evaluation process, if the third-party software we use has errors, security vulnerabilities, or otherwise malfunctions, the functionality of our solutions may be negatively impacted, our customers may experience reduced service levels, and our business may suffer. 
 Our solutions utilize open source software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could adversely affect our business. 
 Our solutions include software covered by open source licenses. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that 
 22 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to market our solutions. It is possible under the terms of certain open source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, that we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software and make our proprietary software available under open source licenses. In the event that portions of our proprietary software are determined to be subject to an open source license, we could be required to publicly release the affected portions of our source code, re-engineer all or a portion of our solutions, or otherwise be limited in the licensing of our solutions, each of which could reduce or eliminate the value of our solutions. In addition to risks related to license requirements, use of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on the origin of the software. Many of the risks associated with the use of open source software cannot be eliminated and could adversely affect our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Performance, How We Contract with Customers, and the Financial Position of Our Business 
 Our historic growth rates of total revenues and subscription services revenues should not be viewed as indicative of our future performance. 
 While we have experienced significant revenue growth in prior periods, it is not indicative of our future revenue growth. We expect our longer-term revenue growth rates will decline. In our fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, our total revenues grew by 16 , 26 , and 33 , respectively, as compared to total revenues from the prior fiscal years. In our fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, our subscription services revenues grew by 17 , 26 , and 32 , respectively, as compared to subscription services revenues from the prior fiscal years. In our fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023, our total revenues grew by 16 and our subscription services revenues grew by 16 as compared to the same quarterly period in the prior fiscal year. Our year-over-year growth in the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was negatively impacted by foreign currency exchange fluctuations discussed in Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk---Foreign currency exchange risk and as a result of macroeconomic factors, including lower funding levels within segments of our customer base and increased project scrutiny for certain potential projects. Moreover, a contracting change in the master subscription agreement for our multi-year orders, which became effective February 1, 2023, will affect the timing of revenue recognition for such orders. As a result, our total revenue and subscription services revenue growth rates will be negatively affected in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024 compared to the prior fiscal year. Our total revenues and subscription services revenue growth rates have declined in the past, and we expect them to decline again in the future. If we are unable to maintain consistent revenue growth, it may adversely impact our profitability and the value of our Class A common stock. 
 Our results may fluctuate from period to period, which could prevent us from meeting our own guidance or security analyst or investor expectations. 
 Our results of operations, including our revenues, gross margin, operating margin, profitability, cash flows, normalized billings, and deferred revenue, as well as other metrics we may report, may vary from period to period for a variety of reasons, including those listed elsewhere in this Risk Factors section, and period-to-period comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful. Accordingly, our quarterly results should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. Additionally, from time to time, we issue guidance and provide commentary regarding our expectations for certain future financial results and other metrics on both a near-term and long-term basis. Our guidance is based upon a number of assumptions and estimates that are subject to significant business, economic, and competitive uncertainties that are beyond our control and are based upon assumptions about future business and accounting decisions that may change or be wrong. Our guidance may prove to be incorrect, and actual results may differ from our guidance. Fluctuations in our results, changes in our guidance, or failure to achieve our guidance or security analyst or investor expectations, even if not materially, could cause the price of our Class A common stock to decline substantially, and our investors could incur substantial losses. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Our subscription agreements with our customers are typically for a term of one year. If our existing customers do not renew their subscriptions, do not buy additional solutions and user subscriptions from us, renew at lower aggregate fee levels, or early terminate their existing agreements, our business and operating results will suffer. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenues from the renewal of existing subscription orders. The majority of our customers orders for subscription services have one-year terms. Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions after their orders expire. Thus, securing the renewal of our subscription orders and selling additional solutions and user subscriptions is critical to our future operating results. Factors that may affect the renewal rate for our solutions and our ability to sell additional solutions and user subscriptions include: 
 the price, performance, and functionality of our solutions; 
 the effectiveness of our professional services; 
 the strength of our business relationships with our customers; 
 the availability, price, performance, and functionality of competing solutions and services; 
 our ability to develop complementary solutions, applications, and services; 
 the stability, performance, and security of our hosting infrastructure and hosting services; and 
 the business environment of our customers and, in particular, reductions in spending or headcount, and acquisitions of or business combinations between our customers or other business developments that may result in reductions in user subscriptions. 
 For example, in response to inflationary pressures, we are also updating our contracting terms to incorporate an annual inflation adjustment, which will raise the price to each customer upon such customer entering into a new or renewal order form after April 1, 2023 by the lower of 4 or the Consumer Price Index (All Urban Consumer, US City Average, All Items Index) published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics for the month of August of the prior calendar year. If this increase results in reduced renewal rates, our business and results of operations will be adversely affected. Further, our customers may negotiate terms less advantageous to us upon renewal, which could reduce our revenues from these customers. As a customer s total spend on Veeva solutions increases, we expect purchasing scrutiny at renewal to increase as well, which may result in reductions in user subscriptions or increased pricing pressure. Other factors that are not within our control may contribute to a reduction in our subscription services revenues. For instance, our customers may reduce their number of sales representatives, which would result in a corresponding reduction in the number of user subscriptions needed for some of our solutions and thus a lower aggregate renewal fee, or our customers may discontinue clinical trials for which our solutions are being used. In addition, starting in February 1, 2023, our master subscription agreements that govern multi-year orders generally include a right to terminate the master subscription agreement for convenience and certain customers may exercise that right prior to the contracted end date. 
 If our customers fail to renew their subscription orders, renew their subscription orders with less favorable terms or at lower fee levels, fail to purchase new solutions, applications, or professional services from us, or terminate their existing agreements early, our revenues may decline or our future revenues may be constrained. 
 As our costs increase, we may not be able to sustain the level of profitability we have achieved in the past. 
 We expect our future expenses to increase as we continue to invest in and grow our business. We expect to incur significant future expenditures related to: 
 developing new solutions and enhancing our existing solutions, including additional data acquisition costs associated with our Veeva Compass offering and investment in our product development teams; 
 improving the technology infrastructure, scalability, availability, security, and support for our solutions; 
 sales and marketing, including expansion of our direct sales organization and global marketing programs; 
 expansion of our professional services organization; 
 pending, threatened, or future legal proceedings, certain of which are described in Part II, Item 3. Legal Proceedings and note 14 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements, and which we expect to continue to result in significant expense for the foreseeable future; 
 24 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 international expansion; 
 acquisitions and investments; and 
 general operations, IT systems, facilities, and administration, including legal and accounting expenses. 
 In light of the worldwide labor market conditions and inflationary pressure, our global compensation increases in connection with our annual compensation review process, which took place in our fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2022, were higher than previous years, which has increased our expenses. If our efforts to increase revenues and manage our expenses are not successful, or if we incur costs, damages, fines, settlements, or judgments as a result of other risks and uncertainties described in this report, we may not be able to sustain or increase our historical levels of profitability. 
 Our revenues and gross margin from professional services fees are volatile and may not increase from quarter to quarter or at all. 
 We derive a significant portion of our revenue from professional services fees. Our professional services revenues fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the requirements, complexity, and timing of our customers implementation projects. Generally, a customer s ongoing need for professional services decreases as the implementation and full deployment of our solutions is completed. Our customers may also choose to use third parties rather than us for certain professional services related to our solutions. As a result of these and other factors, our professional services revenues may not increase on a quarterly basis in the future or at all. Additionally, the gross margin generated from professional services fees fluctuates based on a number of factors which may vary from period to period, including the average billable hours worked by our billable professional services personnel, our average hourly rates for professional services and the margin on professional services subcontracted to our third-party systems integrator partners. As a result of these and other factors, the gross margin from our professional services may not increase on a quarterly basis in the future or at all. 
 Because we recognize subscription services revenues ratably over the term of an order for our subscription services, it may be difficult to evaluate our future financial performance. 
 We generally recognize subscription services revenues ratably over the term of an order under our subscription agreements. As a result, a substantial majority of our quarterly subscription services revenues are generated from subscription agreements entered into during prior periods. Consequently, a decline in new subscriptions in any quarter may not affect our results of operations in that quarter but could reduce our revenues in future quarters. Additionally, the timing of renewals or non-renewals of a subscription agreement during any quarter may only affect our financial performance in future quarters. For example, the non-renewal of a subscription agreement late in a quarter will have minimal impact on revenues for that quarter but will reduce our revenues in future quarters. 
 Accordingly, the effect of significant declines in sales and customer acceptance of our solutions may not be reflected in our short-term results of operations, which would make these reported results less indicative of our future financial results. By contrast, a non-renewal occurring early in a quarter may have a significant negative impact on revenues for that quarter and we may not be able to offset a decline in revenues due to the non-renewal with revenues from new subscription agreements entered into in the same quarter. 
 With respect to certain of our software products, we regularly enter into orders with multi-year terms, some of which may have fee structures that ramp over the term of the order. The difference between the fees invoiced in the first year of a multi-year ramping order and the last year of such an order can sometimes be significant. 
 When such multi-year orders are non-cancellable (other than for cause), we recognize the total contracted revenue ratably over the multi-year term of the order. As a result, in the initial year of such orders, we recognize more revenue than the fees we invoice for the same period, and in the last year of such orders, we recognize less revenue than the fees we invoice for the same period. In this scenario, we may also be exposed to impaired contract assets if, for example, a customer terminates a multi-year order with ramping fees for cause. 
 Historically, our multi-year orders have generally been non-cancellable. Therefore, our reported revenue in any quarter or year may not have corresponded to the amounts we were entitled to bill in the same period. 
 Since February 1, 2023, our master subscription agreements that govern multi-year orders generally include a termination for convenience right for our customers. In the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024, the addition of termination for convenience rights in such master subscription agreements changes the timing of revenue recognition for orders governed by these master subscription agreements and will result in an adverse impact to our 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 revenue for the fiscal year. Starting in our fiscal year ending January 31, 2025, the amount of revenue recognized from such orders will generally be consistent with the amount invoiced for the relevant term of the order. 
 Deferred revenue and change in deferred revenue may not be accurate indicators of our future financial results. 
 Our subscription orders are generally billed at the beginning of the subscription period in annual or quarterly increments, which means the annualized value of such orders may not be completely reflected in deferred revenue at any single point in time. Many of our customers, including many of our large customers, are billed on a quarterly basis and therefore a substantial portion of the value of contracts billed on a quarterly basis will not be reflected in our deferred revenue at the end of any given quarter. Also, particularly with respect to our Commercial Solutions orders, because the term of orders for additional end users or applications is commonly less than one year, the annualized value of such orders may not be completely reflected in deferred revenue at any single point in time. We have also agreed from time to time, and may agree in the future, to allow customers to change the renewal dates of their orders to, for example, align more closely with a customer s annual budget process or to align with the renewal dates of other orders placed by other entities within the same corporate control group, or to change payment terms from annual to quarterly, or vice versa. Such changes typically result in an order of less than one year to align all orders to the desired renewal date and, thus, may result in a lesser increase to deferred revenue than if the adjustment had not occurred. Additionally, changes in renewal dates may change the fiscal quarter in which deferred revenue associated with a particular order is recorded. Accordingly, we do not believe that changes on a quarterly basis in deferred revenue, unbilled accounts receivable, or normalized billings are accurate indicators of the underlying momentum of our business or future revenues. We believe that our subscription revenue guidance and normalized billings guidance for the full fiscal year are the best indicators of the momentum of our business or future revenues. Please note that we define the term normalized billings for any period to mean revenue for the period plus the change in deferred revenue from the immediately preceding period minus the change in unbilled accounts receivable from the immediately preceding period, adjusted for the impact of changes in the timing of customer renewals (such as changing the renewal date of multiple products to be coterminous) or changes in billing frequency (such as changing from annual to quarterly billings) during the period. However, many companies that provide cloud-based software report changes in deferred revenue or billings as key operating or financial metrics, and it is possible that analysts or investors may view these metrics as important. Thus, any changes in our deferred revenue balances or deferred revenue trends could adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Currency exchange fluctuations may negatively impact our financial results. 
 Some of our international agreements provide for payment denominated in local currencies, and the majority of our local costs are denominated in local currencies. As we continue to expand our operations in countries outside the United States, an increasing proportion of our revenues and expenditures in the future may be denominated in foreign currencies. Fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar versus foreign currencies may impact our operating results when translated into U.S. dollars. Thus, our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, British Pound Sterling, Hungarian Forint, Chinese Yuan, Israeli Shekel, and Brazilian Real, and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Changes in exchange rates may negatively affect our revenues, expenses, and other operating results as expressed in U.S. dollars in the future. For example, changes in exchange rates negatively affected our revenues as expressed in U.S. dollars for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and may negatively affect our revenues for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024 as expressed in U.S. dollars as well. Further, we have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to revaluing certain current asset and current liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. 
 We engage in the hedging of our foreign currency transactions and may, in the future, hedge selected significant transactions or net monetary exposure positions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. Moreover, the use of hedging instruments may introduce additional risks if we are unable to structure effective hedges with such instruments. 
 26 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use, value added or similar transactional taxes, and we could be subject to liability with respect to past or future sales, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 We do not collect sales and use, value added or similar transactional taxes in all jurisdictions in which we have sales but no physical presence, based on our determination that such taxes are not applicable or that we are not required to collect such taxes with respect to the jurisdiction. Sales and use, value added and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly by jurisdiction. Certain jurisdictions in which we do not collect and remit such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties and interest, and we may be required to collect such taxes in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest or future requirements, including based on changes in tax laws, may adversely affect our results of operations. We believe that our financial statements reflect adequate reserves to cover such a contingency, but there can be no assurances in that regard. 
 Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate and additional tax liabilities, including as a result of our international operations or implementation of new tax rules, could harm our future results. 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and various foreign jurisdictions. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions and complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in these jurisdictions. Tax rates may change as a result of factors outside of our control or relevant taxing authorities may disagree with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. In addition, changes in tax and trade laws, treaties or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could have a material adverse effect on our tax position. Additionally, volatility in our stock price would affect the excess tax benefits from our equity compensation, which may adversely impact our effective tax rate. Forecasting our estimated annual effective tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be material differences between our forecasted and actual tax rates. Moreover, increases in our effective tax rate would reduce our profitability. 
 Our tax provision could also be impacted by changes in accounting principles and changes in U.S. federal and state or international tax laws applicable to multinational corporations. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures currently and required taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or fifteen years. The requirement reduced our cash from operations for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and will continue to impact our cash operations in the current fiscal year as long as the requirement remains in law. Although Congress may pass legislation that would defer, modify, or repeal the amortization requirement, potentially with retrospective effect, we have no assurance that the provision will be so deferred, repealed or otherwise modified. We made significant judgments and assumptions in the interpretation of this new law and in our calculations reflected in our financial statements. In addition, the current U.S. administration has released various tax legislation proposals. If enacted, these changes could increase our effective tax rate and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 Any changes in taxing jurisdictions' administrative interpretations, decisions, policies, and positions could also impact our tax liabilities. The overall tax environment has made it increasingly challenging for multinational corporations to operate with certainty about taxation in many jurisdictions. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), which represents a coalition of member countries, is supporting changes to numerous long-standing tax rules, including changes to the practice of shifting profits among affiliated entities located in different tax jurisdictions. For example, the OECD has announced an international agreement with more than 130 countries that, if implemented, may include a global minimum effective corporate tax rate of 15 for certain large multinational companies. If enacted, this agreement may also introduce rules that would result in the reallocation of certain taxing rights from multinational companies from their home countries to the markets where they have business activities and earn profits regardless of physical presence. We continue to monitor the developments and tax implications surrounding changes in the global tax environment, including the OECD minimum tax. The increasingly complex global tax environment could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate, results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. 
 Finally, we have been, and may be in the future, subject to income tax audits throughout the world. We believe our income, employment, and transactional tax liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, but an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that period. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 If we are unable to implement and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports. 
 As a public company, we are required to maintain internal controls over financial reporting and to report any material weaknesses in such internal controls. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Sarbanes-Oxley Act) requires that we evaluate and determine the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting and provide a management report on internal controls over financial reporting. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act also requires that our management report on internal controls over financial reporting be attested to by our independent registered public accounting firm. 
 We must continue to monitor and assess our internal control over financial reporting. If in the future we have any material weaknesses, we may not detect errors on a timely basis and our financial statements may be materially misstated. Additionally, if in the future we are unable to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, are unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, identify material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our Class A common stock could be adversely affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the NYSE, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 We have broad discretion in the use of our cash balances and may not use them effectively. 
 We have broad discretion in the use of our cash balances and may not use them effectively. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Pending their use, we may invest our cash balances in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. We are also subject to general economic conditions, including volatility in the financial markets, that can negatively affect our investment income or negatively impact the banking partners on which we rely for operating cash management. Our investments may not yield a favorable return to our investors and may negatively impact the price of our Class A common stock. A loss on our investments may also negatively impact our liquidity, which in turn may hurt our ability to invest in our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights or misappropriation of intellectual property, and we may suffer damages or other harm from such proceedings. 
 There is considerable patent and other intellectual property development activity in our industry. Our competitors, as well as a number of other entities and individuals including so-called non-practicing entities, or NPEs, may own or claim to own intellectual property relating to our solutions. From time to time, third parties may claim that we are infringing upon their intellectual property rights or that we have misappropriated their intellectual property. For example, since January 2017, we have been defending against assertions of trade secret misappropriation made by our competitor, IQVIA, as described in note 14 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements and other competitors have asserted similar claims in the past. As competition in our market grows and as we develop new technology products, the possibility of patent infringement and other intellectual property claims against us increases. In the future, we expect others to claim that our solutions and underlying technology infringe or violate their intellectual property rights. We may be unaware of the intellectual property rights that others may claim cover some or all of our technology or services. Such claims and litigation have caused and in the future could cause us to incur significant expenses and, if successfully asserted against us, could require that we pay substantial damages or ongoing royalty payments, prevent us from offering our services, or require that we comply with other unfavorable terms. We may also be obligated to indemnify our customers or business partners or pay substantial settlement costs, including royalty payments, in connection with any such claim or litigation and to obtain licenses, modify applications, or refund fees, which could be costly. Any litigation regarding our intellectual property could be costly 
 28 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations even if we were to ultimately prevail in such litigation. 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 
 Our success and ability to compete depend in part upon our intellectual property. As of January 31, 2023, we have filed numerous domestic and foreign patent applications and have been issued 59 U.S. patents and 13 international patents. We also rely on copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, trade secret protection and confidentiality or license agreements with our employees, customers, partners and others to protect our intellectual property rights. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. 
 In order to protect our intellectual property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to maintain, monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming and distracting to management and could result in the impairment or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. Negative publicity related to a decision by us to initiate such enforcement actions against a customer or former customer, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely impact our other customer relationships or prospective customer relationships, harm our brand and business and could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to decline. Our failure to secure, protect and enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our brand and our business. 
 Risks Related to Our Status as a Public Benefit Corporation and Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock 
 Our status as a Delaware public benefit corporation may not result in the benefits that we anticipate, requires our directors to balance the interest of stockholders with other interests, and may subject us to legal uncertainty and other risks. 
 On February 1, 2021, after approval by our stockholders, we became a Delaware public benefit corporation (PBC). There are a very limited number of publicly traded PBCs, we are the first publicly traded company to convert to a PBC, and we are the largest publicly traded company, as measured by revenue or market capitalization, to operate as a PBC. As a PBC, we have unique legal obligations. We are required to adopt and include in our certificate of incorporation a public benefit purpose that is intended to have positive effects on a category of persons, entities or communities other than stockholder financial interest. Our public benefit purpose is to provide products and services that are intended to help make the industries we serve more productive, and to create high-quality employment opportunities in the communities in which we operate. Further, as a PBC, our Board is required to balance our stockholders' pecuniary (financial) interests, the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct, and pursuit of our public benefit purpose. We have identified those materially affected by our conduct (which we refer to as stakeholders) as including our customers, our employees, our partners, and the communities in which we operate. 
 We believe that operating as a PBC is beneficial to our business and consistent with the long-term interests of stockholders, but the benefits we anticipate from operating as a PBC may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all, or there may be negative effects. Further, we may be unable or slow to achieve the public benefits we have identified or we may make balancing determinations that are ultimately harmful to our business or to stockholders, which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations and cause our stock price to decline. 
 In the event of a conflict between the interests of our stockholders, our stakeholders, and our public benefit purpose, our directors must only make an informed and disinterested decision, and not such that no person of ordinary, sound judgment would approve. Our directors have significant latitude under this standard and there is no guarantee that a conflict would be resolved in favor of our stockholders. This balancing obligation may allow our directors to make decisions that they could not have made pursuant to the fiduciary duties applicable prior to our PBC conversion, and such decisions may not maximize short-term stockholder value. For instance, in a sale of control transaction, our board of directors would be required to consider and balance the factors listed above and might choose to accept an offer that does not maximize short-term stockholder value due to its consideration of other factors. 
 Further, there is limited legal precedent or guidance regarding how to administer our obligation to balance the interests of stockholders, stakeholders, and the pursuit of our public benefit purpose. While we expect that, in large 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 part, traditional Delaware corporation law principles and the application of those principles in case law including those related to self-dealing, conflicts of interest, and the application of the business judgment rule will continue to apply with respect to Delaware PBCs, there is currently limited case law involving PBCs, which may create legal uncertainty or additional litigation risk until additional case law develops. Stockholders of a Delaware PBC (if they, individually or collectively, own at least the lesser of two percent of the company's outstanding shares or shares with a market value of at least 2 million) may file suit to enforce the balancing obligation. Any such lawsuit might be a distraction to our management and board of directors, and could be costly, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 As a PBC, we are required to disclose to stockholders a report at least biennially that includes our assessment of our success in achieving our specific public benefit purpose, and we have committed to providing this report annually and making it publicly available. If we are not timely or are unable to provide this report, or if the report is not viewed favorably, our reputation and status as a public benefit corporation may be harmed. 
 While we do not view the additional reporting obligations of a PBC to be onerous, Delaware s PBC statute may be amended in the future to require more explicit or burdensome periodic reporting requirements and that could increase our expenses. In addition, if the public perceives that we are not successful in our public benefit purpose, or that our pursuit of our public benefit purpose is having a negative effect on the financial interests of our stockholders, that perception could negatively affect our reputation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 Our Class A common stock price has been and will likely continue to be volatile. 
 The trading price of our Class A common stock has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile for the foreseeable future. In addition, the trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. Accordingly, the market price of our Class A common stock is likely to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Uncertain macroeconomic and geopolitical factors in recent periods, including as a result of global inflationary pressures and rising interest rates, concerns about a possible domestic or global recession, currency exchange fluctuations, the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and continuing uncertainty surrounding the effects of COVID-19, have led to volatility in the stock market. As a result, our stock price has declined significantly in recent periods, and we expect the trading price of our Class A common stock will likely continue to be volatile for the foreseeable future. In addition to those risks described in this Risk Factors section, other factors could impact the value of our common stock, including: 
 fluctuations in the valuation of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us, such as high-growth or cloud companies, or in valuation metrics, such as our price to revenues ratio; 
 overall performance of the stock market; 
 changes in our financial, operating or other metrics, regardless of whether we consider those metrics as reflective of the current state or long-term prospects of our business, and how those results compare to securities analyst expectations, including whether those results fail to meet, exceed, or significantly exceed securities analyst expectations; 
 changes in the forward-looking estimates of our financial, operating, or other metrics, how those estimates compare to securities analyst expectations, or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that follow our Class A common stock; 
 announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases; 
 the net increase in the number of customers, either independently or as compared to published expectations of industry, financial or other analysts that cover us; 
 announcements by us or by our competitors of technological innovations, new solutions, enhancements to services, strategic alliances or significant agreements; 
 announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions or rumors of such transactions; 
 the economy as a whole and market conditions within our industry and the industries of our customers; 
 macroeconomic and geopolitical factors and instability and volatility in the global financial markets; 
 future monetary policy changes in the United States and globally; 
 the operating performance and market value of other comparable companies; 
 30 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 securities or industry analysts downgrading our Class A common stock or publishing inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business; 
 trading activity by directors, executive officers (in particular our Chief Executive Officer who holds a significant portion of our outstanding common stock and a significant number of vested options, and previously disclosed his intention to donate up to 861,000 shares of common stock to a charitable fund that is likely to sell the donated shares prior to December 31, 2023), and other significant stockholders, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell their shares; and 
 any other factors discussed herein. 
 In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market price of our Class A common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The market price of our Class A common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we are the subject of such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management s attention and resources. 
 The dual-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting control with certain individuals and their affiliates, which will limit or preclude the ability of our investors to influence corporate matters and could depress the market value of our Class A common stock. 
 Our Class B common stock has ten votes per share, and our Class A common stock has one vote per share. As of January 31, 2023, our founder and Chief Executive Officer, Peter Gassner, holds approximately 44.9 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock and holders of our Class B common stock hold approximately 50.3 of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock in the aggregate. Holders of our Class B common stock collectively control a majority of the combined voting power of our common stock and, assuming no material sales of such shares, will be able to control matters submitted to our stockholders for approval until October 15, 2023, including the election of directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transaction. This concentrated control will limit or preclude our investors ability to influence corporate matters while the dual class structure is in effect. In addition, this may prevent or discourage unsolicited acquisition proposals or offers for our capital stock or may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 S P Dow Jones and FTSE Russell have announced changes to their eligibility criteria for inclusion of shares of public companies with multiple classes of stock on certain indices, including the S P 500. While this has not affected the inclusion of Veeva s Class A common stock in these indices to date, eligibility criteria of these indices and others may change in the future. In addition, several stockholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use of multiple class structures. As a result, the dual-class structure of our common stock may prevent the inclusion of our Class A common stock in such indices and may cause stockholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause us to change our capital structure. Any such exclusion from indices could result in a less active trading market for our Class A common stock. Any actions or publications by stockholder advisory firms or other third-party ratings agencies critical of our corporate governance practices, capital structure, or other business practices could also adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock. In addition, several stockholder advisory firms have announced their opposition to the use of multiple class structures, and have updated their policies, effective in calendar 2023, to provide for no-vote recommendations against directors of companies with multiple class structures. 
 We do not intend to pay dividends on our capital stock for the foreseeable future, so any returns will be limited to changes in the value of our Class A common stock. 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently anticipate that we will retain future earnings for the development, operation, and expansion of our business and do not anticipate declaring or paying any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. In addition, our ability to pay cash dividends on our capital stock may be prohibited or limited by the terms of any future debt financing arrangement. Any return to stockholders will therefore be limited to the increase, if any, of the price of our Class A common stock. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our Class A common stock. 
 Our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our Class A common stock by acting to discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions among other things: 
 provide for a dual-class common stock structure until October 15, 2023, which gives our Chief Executive Officer and certain of our holders and their respective affiliates the ability to control the outcome of all matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding Class A and Class B common stock; 
 permit our board of directors to establish the number of directors; 
 provide that directors may only be removed with the approval of 66-2/3 of our stockholders; 
 require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws; 
 authorize the issuance of blank check preferred stock that our board of directors could use to implement a stockholder rights plan; 
 require our board of directors to consider and balance our stockholders' pecuniary (financial) interests, the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct, and the pursuit of our public benefit purpose, which may, in turn, allow our board of directors to make a decision about a change of control transaction that does not maximize short-term stockholder value; 
 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; 
 provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our amended and restated bylaws; and 
 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at annual stockholder meetings. 
 In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15 or more of our common stock. 
 Our certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide for exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders' ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or employees. 
 Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty, any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the Delaware General Corporation Law or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the Securities Act, such a provision known as a Federal Forum Provision. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. 
 These choice of forum provisions may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees and may discourage these types of lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation or bylaws to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 
 None. 
 32 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 
 We own our Pleasanton, California corporate headquarters, which currently accommodates our principal executive and significant portions of our product development, engineering, marketing, finance, and legal organizations. We expect that our corporate headquarters will support the overall growth of our business for the near term. 
 We also lease offices in various locations, including North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. We expect to expand our facilities capacity in certain field locations during our fiscal year ending January 31, 2024 and may further expand our facilities capacity after January 31, 2024 as our employee base grows. We believe that we will be able to obtain additional space on commercially reasonable terms. See note 10 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information about our lease commitments. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 
 From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. For information regarding certain current legal proceedings, see note 14 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements, which is incorporated herein by reference. In addition to the legal proceedings referenced in note 14 , we are involved in the following additional legal proceedings which may be material to our business. 
 California Non-Compete Matter 
 On July 17, 2017, we filed a complaint in the Superior Court of the State of California in the County of Alameda against Medidata, IQVIA, and Sparta Systems, Inc. (Veeva Systems Inc. v. Medidata Solutions, Inc., Quintiles IMS Incorporated, IMS Software Services, LTD., and Sparta Systems, Inc., Case No. RG17868081). Our lawsuit seeks declaratory and injunctive relief concerning the use of non-compete, confidentiality, and non-disparagement agreements by these companies. Since the original complaint was filed, there has been extensive requests to the court for rulings on contested questions. 
 Among other things, Medidata and Sparta appealed the superior court s decisions finding that the case may proceed as to some causes of action, and Veeva cross-appealed the superior court s ruling that certain causes of action were barred under California law. On March 10, 2022, the California Court of Appeal affirmed the decision of the superior court, ruling that certain of Veeva's claims may proceed and certain of its claims may not. This decision is now final. On October 31, 2019, as to Veeva's claims against IQVIA, the trial court's earlier dismissal was reversed by the court of appeal and the case was reassigned to a new trial court judge. On February 26, 2020, IQVIA answered our complaint. Discovery and requests to the court for rulings on contested questions are proceeding with respect to Veeva s claims against Medidata and IQVIA and no trial date has been set. 
 On February 13, 2023, Veeva and Sparta entered into a confidential settlement agreement and agreed to dismiss their claims against each other. 
 Although the results of legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe we are not currently a party to any other legal proceedings, the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows, or financial position. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART II. 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 Market Price of Class A Common Stock 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol VEEV. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Stockholders 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had 11 holders of record of our Class A common stock and 31 holders of record of our Class B common stock. The actual number of holders of Class A common stock is greater than this number of record holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 None. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act except to the extent we specifically incorporate it by reference into such filing. 
 This chart compares the cumulative total return on our common stock with that of the S P 500 Index and the S P 1500 Application Software Index. The chart assumes 100 was invested at the close of market on January 31, 2018 in the Class A common stock of Veeva Systems Inc., the S P 500 Index, and the S P 1500 Application Software Index and assumes the reinvestment of any dividends. The stock price performance on the following graph is not necessarily indicative of future stock price performance. 
 34 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

January 31, 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Veeva Systems Inc. 100.00 173.50 233.23 439.77 376.30 271.32 S P 500 100.00 97.69 118.87 139.37 171.83 157.71 S P 1500 Application Software Index 100.00 120.67 161.22 212.71 235.90 191.10 
 
 ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 
 
 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 
 You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors. We discuss factors that we believe could cause or contribute to these differences below and elsewhere in this report, including those set forth under Risk Factors and Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Overview 
 Veeva is the leading provider of industry cloud solutions for the global life sciences industry. Our offerings span cloud software, data, analytics, professional services, and business consulting and are designed to meet the unique needs of our customers and their most strategic business functions from research and development to commercialization. Our solutions help life sciences companies develop and bring products to market faster and more efficiently, market and sell more effectively, and maintain compliance with government regulations. 
 Our solutions are grouped into two major product categories Veeva Development Cloud and Veeva Commercial Cloud. Solutions formerly categorized as Veeva Data Cloud (Veeva Compass, Veeva Link, and Veeva OpenData) are now part of the Veeva Commercial Cloud offerings. For financial reporting purposes, revenues associated with our Veeva Commercial Cloud and Veeva Claims solutions are classified as Commercial Solutions revenues, and revenues associated with our Veeva Development Cloud, Veeva RegulatoryOne, and Veeva QualityOne solutions are classified as R D Solutions revenues. 
 In our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we derived approximately 55 and 45 of our subscription services revenues and 52 and 48 of our total revenues from our Commercial Solutions and R D Solutions, respectively. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, we derived approximately 59 and 41 of our subscription services revenues and 56 and 44 of our total revenues from our Commercial Solutions and R D Solutions, respectively. Subscription services revenues are expected to continue to increase as a percentage of total revenues in the future. Revenues associated with our R D Solutions are expected to continue to increase as a percentage of both subscription services revenues and total revenues in the future. We also offer certain of our R D Solutions to industries outside the life sciences industry primarily in North America and Europe. 
 For our fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, our total revenues were 2,155 million, 1,851 million, and 1,465 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth in total revenues of 16 in our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and 26 in our fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. For our fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, our subscription services revenues were 1,733 million, 1,484 million, and 1,179 million, respectively, representing year-over-year growth in subscription services revenues of 17 in our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and 26 in our fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. We expect the growth rate of our total revenues and subscription services revenues for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024 to decline compared to the prior fiscal year. We generated net income of 488 million, 427 million, and 380 million for our fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 As of January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we served 1,388, 1,205, and 993, customers, respectively. As of January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, we had 684, 653 and 572 Commercial Solutions customers, respectively, and 1,025, 860, and 664 R D Solutions customers, respectively. These customer count totals are net of customer attrition during each period. The combined customer counts for Commercial Solutions and R D Solutions exceed the total customer count in each year because some customers subscribe to products in both areas. Commercial Solutions consist of our cloud software, data, and analytics products built specifically to more efficiently and effectively commercialize our customers products. R D Solutions consist of our clinical, quality, regulatory, and safety products. Many of our applications for R D are used by smaller, earlier stage, pre-commercial companies, some of which may not reach the commercialization stage. Thus, the potential number of R D Solutions customers is higher than the potential number of Commercial Solutions customers. 
 
 Our PBC Charter 
 On February 1, 2021, we became a Delaware public benefit corporation (PBC), and we amended our certificate of incorporation to include the following public benefit purpose: to provide products and services that are intended to help make the industries we serve more productive, and to create high-quality employment opportunities in the communities in which we operate. When making decisions, our directors have a fiduciary duty to balance the financial interests of stockholders, the best interests of other stakeholders materially affected by our conduct (including customers, employees, partners, and the communities in which we operate), and the pursuit of our public benefit purpose. For more information on our status as a PBC and associated risks, see Risk Factors. 
 36 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 We derive our revenues primarily from subscription services fees and professional services fees. Subscription services revenues consist of fees from customers accessing our cloud-based software solutions and fees for our data solutions. Professional services and other revenues consist primarily of fees from implementation services, configuration, data services, training, and managed services related to our solutions and services related to our Veeva Business Consulting offering. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, subscription services revenues constituted 80 of total revenues and professional services and other revenues constituted 20 of total revenues. 
 We generally enter into master subscription agreements with our customers and count each distinct master subscription agreement that has not been terminated or expired and that has orders for which we have recognized revenue in the quarter as a distinct customer for purposes of determining our total number of current customers as of the end of that quarter. We generally enter into a single master subscription agreement with each customer, although in some instances, affiliated legal entities within the same corporate family may enter into separate master subscription agreements. Conversely, affiliated legal entities that maintain distinct master subscription agreements may choose to consolidate their orders under a single master subscription agreement, and, in that circumstance, our customer count would decrease. Divisions, subsidiaries, and operating units of our customers often place distinct orders for our subscription services under the same master subscription agreement, and we do not count such distinct orders as new customers for purposes of determining our total customer count. For purposes of determining customers of Veeva Crossix that do not contract under a master subscription agreement, we count each entity that has a statement of work or services agreement and a recurring known payment obligation as a distinct customer if such entity is not otherwise a customer of ours. For Veeva Crossix, we do not count as distinct customers agencies contracting with us on behalf of brands within life sciences companies. 
 New subscription orders for our core Veeva CRM application generally have a one-year term. If a customer adds end users or additional Commercial Solutions to an existing order for our core Veeva CRM application, such additional orders will generally be coterminous with the anniversary date of the core Veeva CRM order, and as a result, orders for additional end users or additional Commercial Solutions will commonly have an initial term of less than one year. 
 Particularly with respect to our R D Solutions, we have entered into a number of orders with multi-year terms. The fees associated with such orders are typically not based on the number of end-users and typically escalate over the term of such orders at a pre-agreed rate to account for, among other factors, implementation and adoption timing and planned increased usage by the customer. When such multi-year orders are non-cancellable (other than for cause), we recognize the total contracted revenue ratably over the multi-year term of the order. When the amounts we are entitled to invoice in any period pursuant to multi-year orders with escalating fees are less than the revenue recognized, we will accrue an unbilled accounts receivable balance (a contract asset) related to such orders. In the same scenario, the net deferred revenue we would record in connection with such orders will be less because we will be recognizing more revenue than we bill earlier in the term of such multi-year orders. Since February 1, 2023, our master subscription agreements that govern multi-year orders generally include a termination for convenience right for our customers. In the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024, the addition of termination for convenience rights in such master subscription agreements changes the timing of revenue recognition for orders governed by these master subscription agreements and will result in an adverse impact to our revenue for the fiscal year. Starting in our fiscal year ending January 31, 2025, the amount of revenue recognized from such orders will generally be consistent with the amount invoiced for the relevant term of the order. 
 Our subscription orders are generally billed at the beginning of the subscription period in annual or quarterly increments, which means the annualized value of such orders may not be completely reflected in deferred revenue at any single point in time. Also, particularly with respect to orders for our Commercial Solutions, because the term of orders for additional end users or applications is commonly less than one year, the annualized value of such orders may not be completely reflected in deferred revenue at any single point in time. We have also agreed from time to time, and may agree in the future, to allow customers to change the renewal dates of their orders to, for example, align more closely with a customer s annual budget process or to align with the renewal dates of other orders placed by other entities within the same corporate control group, or to change payment terms from annual to quarterly, or vice versa. Such changes typically result in an order of less than one year as necessary to align all orders to the desired renewal date and, thus, may result in a change to deferred revenue compared to if the adjustment had not occurred. Additionally, changes in renewal dates may change the fiscal quarter in which deferred revenue associated with a particular order is booked. Accordingly, we do not believe that changes on a 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 quarterly basis in deferred revenue, unbilled accounts receivable, or normalized billings are accurate indicators of future revenues for any given period of time. We define the term normalized billings for any period to mean revenue for the period plus the change in deferred revenue from the immediately preceding period minus the change in unbilled accounts receivable (contract asset) from the immediately preceding period, adjusted for the impact of changes in the timing of customer renewals (such as changing the renewal date of multiple products to be coterminous) or changes in billing frequency (such as changing from annual to quarterly billings) during the period. 
 Subscription services revenues are recognized ratably over the respective non-cancellable subscription term because of the continuous transfer of control to the customer. Historically, our master subscription agreements have generally been non-cancellable during the term, although customers typically have had the right to terminate their agreements for cause in the event of material breach. However, since February 1, 2023, our master subscription agreements that govern multi-year orders generally include a termination for convenience right for our customers. Our agreements typically provide that orders will automatically renew unless notice of non-renewal is provided in advance. Subscription services revenues are affected primarily by the number of customers, the scope of the subscription purchased by each customer (for example, the number of end users or other subscription usage metric) and the number of solutions subscribed to by each customer. 
 We utilize our own personnel to perform our professional services and business consulting engagements with customers. In certain cases, we may utilize third-party subcontractors to perform professional services engagements. The majority of our professional services arrangements are billed on a time and materials basis and revenues are recognized over time based on time incurred and contractually agreed upon rates. Certain professional services and business consulting arrangements are billed on a fixed fee basis and revenues are typically recognized over time as the services are delivered based on time incurred. Data services and training revenues are generally recognized as the services are performed. Professional services revenues are affected primarily by our customers demands for implementation services, configuration, data services, training, speakers bureau logistics, and managed services in connection with our solutions. Our business consulting revenues are affected primarily by our customers demands for services related to a particular customer success initiative, strategic analysis, or business process change, and not a cloud software implementation. 
 Allocated Overhead 
 We accumulate certain costs such as building depreciation, office rent, utilities, and other facilities costs and allocate them across the various departments based on headcount. We refer to these costs as allocated overhead. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of subscription services revenues for all of our solutions consists of expenses related to our computing infrastructure provided by third parties, including Salesforce, Inc. and Amazon Web Services, personnel related costs associated with hosting our subscription services and providing support, including our data stewards, data acquisition and third-party contractor costs related to the development of our data products, expenses associated with computer equipment and software, and allocated overhead. We intend to continue to invest additional resources in our subscription services to enhance our product offerings and increase our delivery capacity. We may add or expand computing infrastructure capacity in the future, migrate to new computing infrastructure service providers, make additional investments in the availability and security of our solutions, and make continued investments in data sources. 
 Cost of professional services and other consists primarily of employee-related expenses associated with providing professional and business consulting services. The cost of providing professional services is significantly higher as a percentage of the related revenues than for our subscription services due to the direct labor costs and costs of third-party subcontractors. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development . Research and development expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, third-party consulting fees, hosted infrastructure costs, and allocated overhead. We continue to focus our research and development efforts on adding new features and applications and increasing the functionality and enhancing the ease of use of our cloud-based applications. 
 38 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Sales and Marketing . Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of employee-related expenses, sales commissions, marketing program costs, amortization expense associated with purchased intangibles related to our customer contracts, customer relationships and brand development, travel-related expenses and allocated overhead. Marketing program costs include advertising, customer events, corporate communications, brand awareness, and product marketing activities. Sales commissions are costs of obtaining new customer contracts and are capitalized and then amortized over a period of benefit that we have determined to be one to three years. 
 General and Administrative . General and administrative expenses consist of employee-related expenses for our executive, finance and accounting, legal, employee success, management information systems personnel, and other administrative employees. In addition, general and administrative expenses include fees related to third-party legal counsel, fees related to third-party accounting, tax and audit services, other corporate expenses, and allocated overhead. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net, consists primarily of interest income, transaction gains or losses on foreign currency, net of hedging costs, and amortization of premiums paid on investments. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes consists of federal and state, and local income taxes in the United States and income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions. See note 8 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Reference Rate Reform 
 In March 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2020-04, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, which provides accounting relief from the future impact of the cessation of the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) by, among other things, providing optional expedients to treat contract modifications resulting from such reference rate reform as a continuation of the existing contract and for hedging relationships to not be de-designated as a result of such changes provided certain criteria are met. The guidance, along with the amendments within ASU 2022-06, Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Deferral of the Sunset Date of Topic 848, that extended the period of time preparers can utilize the reference rate reform relief guidance in Topic 848, became effective on March 12, 2020, and the amendments apply prospectively through December 31, 2024. We are currently in the process of incorporating fallback language in negotiated contracts and incorporating non-LIBOR reference rate and/or fallback language in new contracts to prepare for these changes. We do not expect the adoption of these ASUs to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 Business Combinations 
 In October 2021, the FASB issued ASU No. 2021-08, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Accounting for Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities from Contracts with Customers , which requires contract assets and contract liabilities acquired in a business combination to be recognized and measured in accordance with Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , as if the acquirer had originated the contracts. Under current GAAP, such assets and liabilities are recognized by the acquirer at fair value on the acquisition date. The new standard is effective for our fiscal year beginning on February 1, 2023. We do not expect the adoption of ASU 2021-08 to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 The following tables set forth selected consolidated statements of operations data and such data as a percentage of total revenues for each of the periods indicated: 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Data: Revenues: Subscription services 1,733,002 1,483,976 Professional services and other 422,058 366,801 Total revenues 2,155,060 1,850,777 Cost of revenues (1) : 
 Cost of subscription services 257,635 224,911 Cost of professional services and other 351,770 278,767 Total cost of revenues 609,405 503,678 Gross profit 1,545,655 1,347,099 Operating expenses (1) : 
 Research and development 520,278 382,035 Sales and marketing 348,691 288,061 General and administrative 217,595 171,507 Total operating expenses 1,086,564 841,603 Operating income 459,091 505,496 Other income, net 50,005 6,815 Income before income taxes 509,096 512,311 Provision for income taxes 21,390 84,921 Net income 487,706 427,390 
 (1) Includes stock-based compensation as follows: 
 Cost of revenues: Cost of subscription services 6,257 4,795 Cost of professional services and other 50,341 36,293 Research and development 141,571 83,837 Sales and marketing 87,509 56,830 General and administrative 66,229 52,881 Total stock-based compensation 351,907 234,636 
 Fiscal Year Ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 
 The following is a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended January 31, 2023 compared to the year ended January 31, 2022. For a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended January 31, 2022 compared to the year ended January 31, 2021, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2022, which is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 40 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Revenues 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Revenues: Subscription services 1,733,002 1,483,976 17 Professional services and other 422,058 366,801 15 Total revenues 2,155,060 1,850,777 16 Percentage of revenues: Subscription services 80 80 Professional services and other 20 20 Total revenues 100 100 
 Total revenues for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased 304 million, of which 249 million was from growth in subscription services revenues. The increase in subscription services revenues consisted of 179 million of subscription services revenue attributable to R D Solutions and 70 million of subscription services revenue attributable to Commercial Solutions. The increase in subscription services revenue attributable to R D Solutions was primarily due to growth in quality and clinical, and the increase in subscription services revenue attributable Commercial Solutions was driven by some of our most established products, such as Veeva CRM and Veeva Vault PromoMats. The geographic mix of subscription services revenues was 57 from North America, 28 from Europe, and 15 from other locations, primarily Asia Pacific, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, as compared to subscription services revenues of 57 from North America, 27 from Europe, and 16 from other locations, primarily Asia Pacific, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 
 Professional services and other revenues for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased 55 million. The increase was primarily due to new customers requesting implementation and deployment related professional services and existing customers requesting professional services related to expanding deployments or the deployment of newly purchased solutions. The increased demand for professional services and the resulting increase in professional services revenues was weighted heavily towards implementation and deployments of our R D Solutions. Demand for our business consulting services also contributed to the growth for the period. The geographic mix of professional services and other revenues was 64 from North America, 29 from Europe, and 7 from other locations, primarily Asia Pacific, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 as compared to 61 from North America, 30 from Europe, and 9 from other locations, primarily Asia Pacific, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. 
 Over time, we expect the proportion of our total revenues from professional services to decrease. 
 Since February 1, 2023, our master subscription agreements that govern multi-year orders generally include a termination for convenience right for our customers. In the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024, the addition of termination for convenience rights in such master subscription agreements changes the timing of revenue recognition for orders governed by these master subscription agreements and will result in an adverse impact to our revenue for the fiscal year. We are also updating our contracting terms to incorporate an annual inflation adjustment, which will raise the price to each customer upon such customer entering into a new or renewal order form after April 1, 2023 by the lower of 4 or the Consumer Price Index (All Urban Consumer, US City Average, All Items Index) published by the U.S. Bureau of Labor and Statistics for the month of August of the prior calendar year. We do not expect the annual inflation adjustment to have a significant impact to revenue for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. 
 In the quarter ended October 31, 2020, we disclosed that we expected life sciences companies to reduce the number of sales representatives that they employ by roughly 10 . While the majority of these reductions were completed by the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, we expect additional reductions to take place through the end of our fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. Such reductions could negatively impact sales of our solutions, including Veeva CRM and certain of our other Commercial Solutions, but we cannot be certain such reductions will happen or of the timing or magnitude of such reductions. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Costs and Expenses 
 Note that in light of the worldwide labor market conditions and inflationary pressure, our global compensation increases in connection with our annual compensation review process, which took place in our fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2022, were higher than previous years. These compensation changes increased our employee-related expenses, which impacted all of the cost and expense categories discussed below. 
 Cost of Revenue and Gross Margin 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Cost of revenues: Cost of subscription services 257,635 224,911 15 Cost of professional services and other 351,770 278,767 26 Total cost of revenues 609,405 503,678 21 Gross margin percentage: Subscription services 85 85 Professional services and other 17 24 Total gross margin percentage 72 73 Gross profit 1,545,655 1,347,099 15 
 Cost of revenues for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased 106 million, of which 33 million was related to cost of subscription services. The increase in cost of subscription services was primarily due to an increase of 10 million in other computing infrastructure costs, the vast majority of which was for computing infrastructure provided by Amazon Web Services, an increase of 9 million in employee compensation-related costs (which includes an increase of 1 million in stock-based compensation), an increase of 6 million in data acquisition costs related to our data solutions, and an increase of 4 million in costs of third-party contractors related to the development of our data products. We expect cost of subscription services to increase in absolute dollars in the near term due to increased usage of our subscription services and increased data costs related to our data solutions. 
 Cost of professional services and other for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased 73 million, primarily due to an increase of 62 million in employee compensation-related costs (which includes an increase of 14 million in stock-based compensation). Employee compensation-related costs increased in response to worldwide labor market conditions and inflationary pressure as discussed previously. We expect cost of professional services and other to increase in absolute dollars in the near term as we add personnel to our global professional services organization. 
 Gross margin for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022 was 72 and 73 , respectively. The slight decrease compared to the prior period is due primarily to higher employee compensation-related costs and higher travel costs related to professional services. We expect gross margin to decrease in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024 due to the expected negative impact to revenue resulting from the addition of termination for convenience rights in our master subscription agreements, as discussed in Components of Results of Operations Revenues . 
 
 Operating Expenses and Operating Margin 
 Operating expenses include research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses. As we continue to invest in our growth through hiring, we expect operating expenses and stock-based compensation to increase in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. We expect our operating margin to decrease in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024 due to the increase in operating expenses and stock-based compensation and the expected negative impact to revenue resulting from the addition of termination for convenience rights in our master subscription agreements, as discussed in Comp onents of Results of Operations Revenues . 
 42 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Research and development 520,278 382,035 36 Percentage of total revenues 24 21 
 Research and development expenses for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased 138 million, primarily due to an increase of 132 million in employee compensation-related costs (which includes an increase of 58 million in stock-based compensation). The increase in employee compensation-related costs was primarily driven by the increase in headcount during the period, as well as compensation increases. The expansion of our headcount in research and development was to support development work for the products that we offer or may offer in the future. 
 We expect research and development expenses to increase in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024, primarily due to higher headcount and continued investment in our product offerings. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Sales and marketing 348,691 288,061 21 Percentage of total revenues 16 16 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased 61 million, due to an increase of 47 million in employee compensation-related costs (which includes an increase of 31 million in stock-based compensation). There was also an increase of 10 million in marketing program costs as in-person events resumed. The increase in employee compensation-related costs was primarily driven by the increase in headcount during the period, as well as compensation increases. 
 We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024, primarily due to employee-related expenses as we increase our headcount to support our sales and marketing efforts associated with our product offerings. Additionally, we expect travel and entertainment costs to continue to increase in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. 
 General and Administrative 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) General and administrative 217,595 171,507 27 Percentage of total revenues 10 9 
 General and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased 46 million, primarily due to an increase of 31 million in employee compensation-related costs (which includes an increase of 13 million in stock-based compensation). The increase in employee compensation-related costs was primarily driven by the increase in headcount during the period, as well as compensation increases. Additionally, there was an increase of 11 million in professional services that primarily consisted of fees associated with on-going litigation. 
 We expect general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024, primarily due to higher headcount, investments in information technology infrastructure, and third-party fees, including fees associated with on-going litigation. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Other Income, Net 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Other income, net 50,005 6,815 634 
 Other income, net, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 increased 43 million, primarily due to an increase in interest income of 32 million and a decrease in investment amortization of 10 million. 
 Foreign Currency 
 We continue to experience foreign currency fluctuations primarily due to the impact resulting from the periodic re-measurement of our foreign currency balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. Our results of operations are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, British Pound Sterling, Hungarian Forint, Chinese Yuan, Israeli Shekel, and Brazilian Real. We may continue to experience favorable or adverse foreign currency impacts due to volatility in these currencies. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 Change (dollars in thousands) Income before income taxes 509,096 512,311 (1) Provision for income taxes 21,390 84,921 (75) Effective tax rate 4.2 16.6 
 The provision for income taxes differs from the tax computed at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate due primarily to state taxes, tax credits, equity compensation, and foreign income subject to taxation in the United States. Future tax rates could be affected by changes in tax laws and regulations or by rulings in tax related litigation, as may be applicable. We will continue to identify and analyze other applicable changes in tax laws in the United States and abroad. 
 For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, our effective tax rates were 4.2 and 16.6 , respectively. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 as compared to the prior year period, our effective tax rate decreased primarily due to an increase in excess tax benefits as well as a reduced impact from valuation allowance within certain jurisdictions. In addition, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 required the capitalization and amortization of research and development expenditures which increased our taxable income resulting in an increase in our foreign derived intangible income FDII tax benefit. 
 We recognized excess tax benefits of 94 million and 56 million in our provision for income taxes for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The increase in excess tax benefits during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 was primarily due to our Chief Executive Officer s exercise of stock options in connection with a previously announced plan. We expect excess tax benefits for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024 to be significant as well due to our Chief Executive Officer completing the remainder of his previously announced option exercises in February 2023. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In our public disclosures, we have provided non-GAAP measures, which we define as financial information that has not been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, or GAAP. In addition to our GAAP measures, we use these non-GAAP financial measures internally for budgeting and resource allocation purposes and in analyzing our financial results. 
 For the reasons set forth below, we believe that excluding the following items provides information that is helpful in understanding our operating results, evaluating our future prospects, comparing our financial results across 
 44 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 accounting periods, and comparing our financial results to our peers, many of which provide similar non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Excess tax benefits. Excess tax benefits from employee stock plans are dependent on previously agreed-upon equity grants to our employees, vesting of those grants, stock price, and exercise behavior of our employees, which can fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Because these fluctuations are not directly related to our business operations, we exclude excess tax benefits for our internal management reporting processes. Our management also finds it useful to exclude excess tax benefits when assessing the level of cash provided by operating activities. Given the nature of the excess tax benefits, we believe excluding it allows investors to make meaningful comparisons between our operating cash flows from quarter to quarter and those of other companies. 
 Stock-based compensation expenses. We exclude stock-based compensation expenses primarily because they are non-cash expenses that we exclude from our internal management reporting processes. We also find it useful to exclude these expenses when we assess the appropriate level of various operating expenses and resource allocations when budgeting, planning, and forecasting future periods. Moreover, because of varying available valuation methodologies, subjective assumptions and the variety of award types that companies can use, we believe excluding stock-based compensation expenses allows investors to make meaningful comparisons between our recurring core business operating results and those of other companies. 
 Amortization of purchased intangibles. We incur amortization expense for purchased intangible assets in connection with acquisitions of certain businesses and technologies. Amortization of intangible assets is a non-cash expense and is inconsistent in amount and frequency because it is significantly affected by the timing, size of acquisitions, and the inherent subjective nature of purchase price allocations. Because these costs have already been incurred and cannot be recovered, and are non-cash expenses, we exclude these expenses for internal management reporting processes. We also find it useful to exclude these charges when assessing the appropriate level of various operating expenses and resource allocations when budgeting, planning, and forecasting future periods. Investors should note that the use of intangible assets contributed to our revenues earned during the periods presented and will contribute to our future period revenues as well. 
 Income tax effects on the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP costs and expenses. The income tax effects that are excluded relate to the imputed tax impact on the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP costs and expenses due to stock-based compensation and purchased intangibles for GAAP and non-GAAP measures. 
 Limitations on the Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 There are limitations to using non-GAAP financial measures because non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with GAAP and may be different from non-GAAP financial measures provided by other companies. 
 The non-GAAP financial measures are limited in value because they exclude certain items that may have a material impact upon our reported financial results. In addition, they are subject to inherent limitations as they reflect the exercise of judgments by management about which items are adjusted to calculate our non-GAAP financial measures. We compensate for these limitations by analyzing current and future results on a GAAP basis as well as a non-GAAP basis and also by providing GAAP measures in our public disclosures. 
 Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. We encourage investors and others to review our financial information in its entirety, not to rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business, and to view our non-GAAP financial measures in conjunction with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles the specific items excluded from GAAP metrics in the calculation of non-GAAP metrics for the periods shown below: 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities on a GAAP basis 780,470 764,463 Excess tax benefits from employee stock plans (82,009) (56,172) Net cash provided by operating activities on a non-GAAP basis 698,461 708,291 Net cash used in investing activities on a GAAP basis (1,007,683) (346,152) Net cash used in financing activities on a GAAP basis (19,376) (4,140) Operating income on a GAAP basis 459,091 505,496 Stock-based compensation expense 351,907 234,636 Amortization of purchased intangibles 19,464 18,520 Operating income on a non-GAAP basis 830,462 758,652 Net income on a GAAP basis 487,706 427,390 Stock-based compensation expense 351,907 234,636 Amortization of purchased intangibles 19,464 18,520 Income tax effect on non-GAAP adjustments (1) 
 (163,508) (75,827) Net income on a non-GAAP basis 695,569 604,719 Diluted net income per share on a GAAP basis 3.00 2.63 Stock-based compensation expense 2.17 1.45 Amortization of purchased intangibles 0.12 0.11 Income tax effect on non-GAAP adjustments (1) 
 (1.01) (0.46) Diluted net income per share on a non-GAAP basis 4.28 3.73 (1) For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023 and 2022, we used an estimated annual effective non-GAAP tax rate of 21 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 780,470 764,463 551,246 Net cash used in investing activities (1,007,683) (346,152) (333,634) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (19,376) (4,140) 33,818 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (4,986) (4,657) 484 Net change in cash and cash equivalents (251,575) 409,514 251,914 
 Our principal sources of liquidity continue to be comprised of our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, as well as cash flows generated from our operations. As of January 31, 2023, our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments totaled 3.1 billion, of which 76 million represented cash and cash equivalents held outside of the United States. 
 Our primary use of cash is payment of our operating costs, which consist primarily of employee-related expenses, such as compensation and benefits, investments in our information technology infrastructure, and general operating expenses for marketing, facilities, and overhead costs. Long-term cash requirements for items other than normal operating expenses could include the following: the acquisition of businesses, software products, or technologies complementary to our business; and capital expenditures, including the purchase and implementation of internal-use software applications. 
 Our non-U.S. cash and cash equivalents are not considered indefinitely reinvested outside the United States, except in certain designated jurisdictions. As of January 31, 2023, we have not recorded any taxes, such as withholding taxes, associated with the foreign earnings that are indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. Under currently enacted tax laws, if we were to choose to repatriate the funds we have designated as indefinitely reinvested outside the United States, such amounts may be subject to certain jurisdictional taxes (e.g., withholding taxes). 
 46 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 We have financed our operations primarily through cash generated from operations. We believe our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments generated from operations will be sufficient to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs over at least the next 12 months. Our cash deposits are primarily held at financial institutions classified as global systemically important banks, and we maintain sufficient cash at more than one financial institution to meet our operational needs. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, subscription renewal activity, the timing and extent of spending to support product development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the ongoing investments in technology infrastructure, the introduction of new and enhanced solutions, and the continuing market acceptance of our solutions. We may in the future enter into arrangements to acquire or invest in complementary businesses, services and technologies, and intellectual property rights. We may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing for those arrangements or for other reasons. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 
 The following is a discussion of our cash flows for the year ended January 31, 2023 compared to the year ended January 31, 2022. For a discussion of our cash flows for the year ended January 31, 2022 compared to the year ended January 31, 2021, please refer to Part II, Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 31, 2022, which is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Our largest source of operating cash inflows is cash collections from our customers for subscription services. We also generate significant cash flows from our professional services arrangements. The first quarter of our fiscal year is seasonally the strongest quarter for cash inflows due to the timing of our annual subscription billings and related collections. Our primary uses of cash from operating activities are for employee-related expenditures, expenses related to our computing infrastructure (including Salesforce, Inc. and Amazon Web Services), building infrastructure costs (including leases for office space), fees for third-party legal counsel and accounting services, and data acquisition costs. Note that our net income reflects the impact of excess tax benefits related to equity compensation. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 780 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to 764 million provided by operating activities for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The 16 million increase in operating cash flow was primarily due to increased sales and the related cash collections and an increase of 26 million in cash provided by operating activities due to the excess tax benefit from stock option exercises. These increases were partially offset by larger operating expenses due to increases in headcount and a 109 million increase in cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds. The majority of the increase in cash paid for income taxes was related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures and required taxpayers to capitalize and amortize them over five or fifteen years. Although Congress is considering legislation that would defer the amortization requirement to later years, we have no assurance that the provision will be so deferred, repealed or otherwise modified. If the requirement is not modified, our cash flows from operating activities are expected to be reduced by approximately 90 million in the fiscal year ending January 31, 2024. The requirement may also reduce our cash flows from operating activities in future periods, the amounts and specific periods of which we are unable to estimate at this time. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 The cash flows from investing activities primarily relate to cash used for the purchase of marketable securities, net of maturities. We also use cash to invest in capital assets to support our growth. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 1,008 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to 346 million used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The 662 million increase in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the net increase in purchases of investments for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 The cash flows from financing activities relate primarily to stock option exercises offset by taxes paid on behalf of employees related to the net share settlement of RSUs. In June 2021, we began funding withholding taxes due on 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 employee RSU awards by net share settlement, rather than our previous approach of requiring employees to either sell shares of our Class A common stock or pay the withholding taxes in cash to cover taxes due upon vesting of such awards. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 19 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 compared to 4 million used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022. The 15 million increase is primarily related to an increase of 8 million used to pay employee taxes related to the net share settlement of RSUs and a decrease of 8 million in proceeds from employee stock option exercises due to decreased stock option activity during the period. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). In the preparation of these consolidated financial statements, we are required to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, costs and expenses, and related disclosures. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. Our actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 
 We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements, the following accounting policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, these are the policies we believe are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We derive our revenues primarily from subscription services and professional services. Some of our contracts with customers contain multiple performance obligations. The transaction price is allocated to the distinct performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. Significant judgment is sometimes required in developing an estimate of the standalone selling price for each distinct performance obligation based on our overall pricing objectives, market conditions, and other factors, including other groupings such as customer type and geography. The standalone selling prices of our distinct performance obligations are reviewed on a periodic basis or when there are significant changes in facts and circumstances. Our pricing objectives, market conditions or other factors may change in the future resulting in changes to standalone selling prices that could impact the timing or amount of revenue recognition. 
 Business Combinations and Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets 
 We allocate the purchase price of acquired companies to tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. The purchase price allocation process requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the valuation of intangible assets. Examples of critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired or may acquire in the future include but are not limited to future expected cash flows, future revenue growth, margins, customer retention rates, technology life, royalty rates, expected use of acquired assets, and discount rates. These factors are also considered in determining the useful life of the acquired intangible assets. These estimates are based in part on historical experience, market conditions and information obtained from management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. Goodwill represents the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recorded. 
 48 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 
 Foreign currency exchange risk 
 Our results of operations and cash flows are subject to fluctuations due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly changes in the Euro, Japanese Yen, Canadian Dollar, British Pound Sterling, Hungarian Forint, Chinese Yuan, Israeli Shekel, and Brazilian Real, and may be adversely affected in the future due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For example, changes in exchange rates negatively affected our revenues as expressed in U.S. dollars for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. Additionally, changes in exchange rates reduced our expenses as expressed in U.S. dollars for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, which largely offset the impact to operating income for those periods resulting from changes in exchange rates that reduced revenue as expressed in U.S. dollars. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, about 83 of our revenues and about 80 of our expenses were denominated in USD, respectively. 
 We have also experienced and will continue to experience foreign currency fluctuations due to the periodic re-measurement of monetary account balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded and such fluctuations can impact our net income. We engage in the hedging of our foreign currency transactions as described in note 7 of the notes to our consolidated financial statements and may, in the future, hedge selected significant transactions or net monetary exposure positions denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Realized and unrealized foreign currency losses, primarily resulting from the re-measurement of monetary account balances offset by the foreign currency hedges, were both 4 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2022, we had a realized foreign currency loss of 2 million and an unrealized foreign currency gain of 1 million. 
 Interest rate sensitivity 
 We had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling 3.1 billion as of January 31, 2023. This amount was held primarily in demand deposit accounts, money market funds, U.S. treasury securities and agency obligations, corporate notes and bonds, asset-backed securities, commercial paper, foreign government bonds, and agency mortgage-backed securities. The cash and cash equivalents are held for working capital purposes and other operational activities. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Our cash equivalents and our portfolio of marketable securities are subject to market risk due to changes in interest rates, which could affect our results of operations. Fixed rate securities may have their market value adversely affected due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if interest rates fall. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fluctuate due to changes in interest rates or we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. However, because we classify our marketable securities as available for sale, no gains or losses are recognized due to changes in interest rates unless such securities are sold prior to maturity or declines in fair value are determined to be other-than-temporary. Our fixed-income portfolio is subject to interest rate risk. 
 An immediate increase of 100-basis points in interest rates would have resulted in a 24 million market value reduction in our investment portfolio as of January 31, 2023. An immediate decrease of 100-basis points in interest rates would have increased the market value by 24 million as of January 31, 2023. This estimate is based on a sensitivity model that measures market value changes when changes in interest rates occur. Fluctuations in the value of our investment securities caused by a change in interest rates (gains or losses on the carrying value) are recorded in other comprehensive income, and are realized only if we sell the underlying securities. 
 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 8. CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 
 
 VEEVA SYSTEMS INC. 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (KPMG LLP, Santa Clara, CA, Auditor Firm ID : 
 51 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 53 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 54 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 55 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 56 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 57 
 
 50 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 Veeva Systems Inc.: 
 Opinions on the Consolidated Financial Statements and Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Veeva Systems Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended January 31, 2023, and the related notes (collectively, the consolidated financial statements). We also have audited the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 31, 2023 and 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended January 31, 2023, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. 
 Basis for Opinions 
 The Company s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements and an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 Evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue 
 As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recorded 2,155 million of total revenues for the year ended January 31, 2023, of which 1,733 million was subscription services related, and 422 million was professional services related. Each of these categories of revenue has multiple service offerings, and the Company s process for revenue recognition differs between them. 
 We identified the evaluation of the sufficiency of audit evidence over revenue as a critical audit matter. Evaluating the nature and extent of audit evidence obtained over revenue for each service offering required subjective auditor judgment because of the multiple service offerings and the number of information technology (IT) applications involved in the revenue recognition processes. 
 The following are the primary procedures we performed to address the critical audit matter. We applied auditor judgment to determine the nature and extent of procedures to be performed over revenue, including the determination of the revenue for service offerings. We evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over the Company s revenue recognition process. We assessed the recorded revenue by selecting transactions and comparing the amounts recognized for consistency with underlying documentation, including contracts with customers. We involved IT professionals with specialized skills and knowledge, who assisted in testing certain IT applications that are used by the Company in its revenue recognition process. In addition, we evaluated the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained over revenue by assessing the results of procedures performed, including the nature and extent of such evidence. 
 /s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2010. 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 52 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

VEEVA SYSTEMS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except number of shares and par value) 
 January 31, 2023 January 31, 2022 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Unbilled accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Deferred costs, net Lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Income tax payable Deferred revenue Lease liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred income taxes Lease liabilities, noncurrent Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies note 14 
 Stockholders equity: Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized, and issued and outstanding at January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 VEEVA SYSTEMS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Revenues: Subscription services Professional services and other Total revenues Cost of revenues (1) : 
 Cost of subscription services Cost of professional services and other Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses (1) : 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating income Other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute net income per share: Basic Diluted Other comprehensive income: Net change in unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale investments, net of tax ) ) Net change in cumulative foreign currency translation loss ) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 Cost of professional services and other Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total stock-based compensation 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 54 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

VEEVA SYSTEMS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 
 Class A B common stock 
 Additional 
 paid-in 
 capital 
 Retained 
 earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total 
 stockholders 
 equity 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Balance at January 31, 2020 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income Net income Balance at January 31, 2021 Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Balance at January 31, 2022 ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units Shares withheld related to net share settlement ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Balance at January 31, 2023 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 VEEVA SYSTEMS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Reduction of operating lease right-of-use assets (Accretion) amortization of discount on short-term investments ) Stock-based compensation Amortization of deferred costs Deferred income taxes ) ) Loss (gain) on foreign currency from mark-to-market derivative ) ) Bad debt expense (recovery) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) ) Unbilled accounts receivable ) ) ) Deferred costs ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current and long-term assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Income taxes payable ) ) Deferred revenue Operating lease liabilities ) ) ) Other long-term liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of short-term investments ) ) ) Maturities and sales of short-term investments Acquisitions, net of cash and restricted cash acquired ) Long-term assets ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Changes in lease liabilities - finance leases ) ) Proceeds from exercise of common stock options Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other long-term assets Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosures of other cash flow information: Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds Excess tax benefits from employee stock plans Non-cash investing activities: Changes in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to property and 
 equipment purchases 
 ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 56 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 VEEVA SYSTEMS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Note 1. 

operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 57 

Table of Contents 

. We determined the period of benefit by taking into consideration the expected renewal period of our customer contracts, our technology and other factors. Amortization expense is included in sales and marketing expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 58 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 days to days of billing. 
 Customer 2 
 No single customer represented over 10 of our total revenues for any of the years presented. 
 or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. 

years Building improvements Equipment and computers years Furniture and fixtures years Land improvements years Leasehold improvements 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 , and the amortization expense is recorded as a component of cost of subscription services. Management evaluates the useful lives of these assets on an annual basis and tests for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances occur that could impact the recoverability of these assets. 
 reporting unit and evaluate goodwill for impairment at the entity level. We completed our annual impairment test in our fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. There was goodwill impairment during the years ended January 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 impairment charges recognized during any of the periods presented. 
 60 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

for RSUs and four to for stock options. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Note 2. 
 ) Asset-backed securities ) Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds ) Foreign government bonds ) U.S. agency obligations ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total available-for-sale securities ) 
 As of January 31, 2022, short-term investments consisted of the following (in thousands): 
 Amortized 
 cost 
 Gross 
 unrealized 
 gains 
 Gross 
 unrealized 
 losses 
 Estimated 
 fair 
 value 
 Available-for-sale securities: Certificates of deposits ) Asset-backed securities ) Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds ) Foreign government bonds ) U.S. agency obligations ) U.S. treasury securities ) Total available-for-sale securities ) 
 62 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Due in greater than one year Total 
 We have not recorded an allowance for credit losses, as we believe any such losses would be immaterial based on the high credit quality of our investments, and it is more likely than not that we will hold these securities until recovery of the cost basis. 
 
 ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds ) ) Foreign government bonds ) ) U.S. agency obligations ) ) U.S. treasury securities ) ) 
 The following table shows the fair values of available-for-sale securities which were in an unrealized loss position, aggregated by investment category, as of January 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Less than 12 months Fair 
 value 
 Gross 
 unrealized 
 losses 
 Certificates of deposits ) Asset-backed securities ) Commercial paper ) Corporate notes and bonds ) Foreign government bonds ) U.S. agency obligations ) U.S. treasury securities ) 
 Unrealized losses of available-for-sale securities held for more than 12 months as of January 31, 2022 were immaterial. There were no impairments considered other-than-temporary as of January 31, 2023 and 2022 as it is more likely than not we will hold these securities until recovery of the cost basis. 
 
 Note 3. 
 million and million as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively. Amortization expense for the deferred costs included in sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, was million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. There have been impairment losses recorded in relation to the costs capitalized for any period presented. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Note 4. 
 Building Land improvements and building improvements Equipment and computers Furniture and fixtures Leasehold improvements Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 
 million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Note 5. 
 million as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022. 
 ) Customer relationships ) Trade name and trademarks ) Other intangibles ) Total intangible assets ) 
 The following schedule presents the details of intangible assets as of January 31, 2022 (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 January 31, 2022 Gross carrying amount Accumulated amortization Net Remaining useful life (in years) Existing technology ) Customer relationships ) Trade name and trademarks ) Other intangibles ) Total intangible assets ) 
 
 million, million, and million for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 64 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Note 6. 
 Accrued bonus Accrued vacation (1) 
 Payroll tax payable Accrued other compensation and benefits Total accrued compensation and benefits Accrued fees payable to Salesforce, Inc. Taxes payable Accrued third-party professional services subcontractors' fees Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities (1) Represents accrued vacation primarily for international employees. Vacation does not accrue for most U.S. employees. 

Note 7. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Treasury securities Corporate notes and bonds Short-term investments: Certificates of deposits Asset-backed securities Commercial paper Corporate notes and bonds Foreign government bonds U.S. agency obligations U.S. Treasury securities Foreign currency derivative contracts Total financial assets 
 The following table presents the fair value hierarchy for financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of January 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Total 
 Assets Cash equivalents: Money market funds Corporate notes and bonds Asset-backed securities Short-term investments: Certificates of deposits Asset-backed securities Commercial paper Corporate notes and bonds Foreign government bonds U.S. agency obligations U.S. Treasury securities Foreign currency derivative contracts Total financial assets 
 We determine the fair value of our security holdings based on pricing from our service providers and market prices from industry-standard independent data providers. The valuation techniques used to measure the fair value of financial instruments having Level 2 inputs were derived from non-binding consensus prices that are corroborated by observable market data or quoted market prices for similar instruments. Such market prices may be quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1 inputs) or pricing determined using inputs other than quoted prices that are observable either directly or indirectly (Level 2 inputs). 
 66 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. Realized foreign currency gains and losses were t material for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2022 and January 31, 2021. 
 Fair value of foreign currency derivative contracts 
 
 Note 8. 
 Foreign Total 
 The majority of our revenues from international sales are invoiced from and collected by our U.S. entity and recognized as a component of income before taxes in the United States as opposed to a foreign jurisdiction. 
 State Foreign Total current provision Deferred (benefit) provision: Federal ) ) State ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred (benefit) provision ) ) Provision for income taxes 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 for each of the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 to income before income taxes as a result of the following for the periods shown (in thousands): 
 Fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 2022 2021 Federal tax statutory tax rate State taxes Tax credits ) ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Valuation allowance Foreign derived intangible income deduction (FDII) ) ) ) Other Provision for income taxes 
 Capitalized expenditures Stock-based compensation Net operating loss carryforward Tax credit carryforward Lease liabilities Other Gross deferred tax assets Valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Lease right-of-use assets ) ) Deferred costs ) ) Other ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. We maintain a full valuation allowance against certain foreign and net California deferred tax assets as it is not more likely than not that we will recognize the future benefits of these deferred tax assets. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the net operating loss carryforwards for federal, state, and foreign income tax purposes were approximately million, million, and million, respectively. The federal net operating losses do not expire, while the state and foreign net operating losses begin to expire in 2031 and 2026, respectively. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had million of California research and development tax credits available to offset future taxes which do not expire. 
 We evaluate tax positions for recognition using a more likely than not recognition threshold, and those tax positions eligible for recognition are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50 likely of being realized upon the effective settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. We classify unrecognized tax benefits that are not expected to result in payment or receipt of cash within one year as other non-current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of January 31, 2023, the total amount of gross unrecognized tax benefits was million, of which million, if recognized, would favorably impact our effective 
 68 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

Increases related to tax positions taken during the prior period Increases related to tax positions taken during the current period Decreases related to tax positions taken during the prior period ) ) Audit settlements ) Lapse of statute of limitations ) ) ) Ending balance 
 Our policy is to classify interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefits as a component of the provision for income taxes. Accrued interest and penalties included in our liability related to unrecognized tax benefits were million, million, and million as of January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 We file tax returns in the United States for federal, California, and other states. Fiscal years ended January 31, 2017 and forward remain open to examination for federal income tax, and fiscal years ended January 31, 2018 and forward remain open to examination for California and other states. We file tax returns in multiple foreign jurisdictions. The fiscal years ended January 31, 2018 and forward remain open to examination in these foreign jurisdictions. 
 
 Note 9. 
 million, million, and million of subscription services revenue during the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. Professional services revenue recognized in the same periods from the deferred revenue balances at the beginning of the respective periods was immaterial. 
 
 million of revenue is expected to be recognized from remaining performance obligations for subscription services contracts. We expect to recognize revenue on approximately of these remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the balance recognized thereafter. 
 Unbilled Accounts Receivable 
 Unbilled accounts receivable consists of (i) a receivable primarily for the revenue recognized for professional services performed but not yet billed, which was million and million as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively, and (ii) a contract asset primarily for revenue recognized from non-cancellable, multi-year orders in which fees increase annually but for which we are not contractually able to invoice until a future period, which was million and million as of January 31, 2023 and January 31, 2022, respectively. 
 
 Note 10. 
 . Additionally, we are the sublessor for certain office space. Our sublease income for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was immaterial. 
 For the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, our operating lease expense was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Operating lease right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 years years Weighted Average Discount Rate 
 Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2026 Fiscal 2027 Fiscal 2028 Thereafter Total operating lease payments Less imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 
 Note 11. 
 shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 
 As of January 31, 2022, we had shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 
 Voting Rights 
 The holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to votes per share, and holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to vote per share. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by our restated certificate of incorporation or by law. Delaware 
 70 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 dividends have been declared or paid by us. 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption, or sinking fund provisions. 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 Upon our dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 Conversion Rights 
 Each outstanding share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into share of Class A common stock. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into share of Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, which occurs following the closing of our IPO, except for certain permitted transfers described in our restated certificate of incorporation, including transfers to any permitted transferee as defined in our restated certificate of incorporation, which includes, among others, transfers: 
 to trusts, corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, foundations or similar entities established by a Class B stockholder, provided that: 
 such transfer is to entities established by a Class B stockholder where the Class B stockholder retains the exclusive right to vote and direct the disposition of the shares of Class B common stock; or 
 such transfer does not involve payment of cash, securities, property, or other consideration to the Class B stockholder. 
 Once converted into Class A common stock, a share of Class B common stock may not be reissued. 
 All the outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock will convert automatically into shares of a single class of common stock upon the earliest to occur of the following: (i) upon the election of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock or (ii) October 15, 2023. Following such conversion, each share of common stock will have vote per share and the rights of the holders of all outstanding common stock will be identical. Once converted into a single class of common stock, the Class A and Class B common stock may not be reissued. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 years and received additional equity from time to time thereafter. Under the new equity compensation program, the vast majority of our employees are granted both RSUs, which typically vest over a period, and stock options, which typically vest over a period. 
 2007 Stock Plan 
 Our board of directors adopted our 2007 Stock Plan (2007 Plan) in February 2007, and our stockholders approved it in February 2007. further awards have been made under our 2007 Plan since the adoption of the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 
 2012 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Our board of directors adopted our 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (2012 EIP) in November 2012, and our stockholders approved it in December 2012. An amendment and restatement of the 2012 EIP was approved by our board of directors in March 2013, and our stockholders approved it in March 2013. The 2012 EIP became effective on adoption and replaced our 2007 Plan. further awards have been made under our 2012 EIP since the adoption of the 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. 
 2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Our board of directors adopted our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan in August 2013, and our stockholders approved it in September 2013. The 2013 Equity Incentive Plan became effective immediately on adoption although awards were made under it until the date of our IPO on October 15, 2013, at which time our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan replaced our 2012 EIP. Our board of directors approved the amended and restated 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated, 2013 EIP) in March 2022, and our stockholders approved it in June 2022, at which time the amended and restated 2013 EIP took effect. 
 As of January 31, 2023, the number of shares of our Class A common stock available for issuance under the 2013 EIP was plus any shares of our Class B common stock subject to awards under the 2012 EIP and the 2007 Plan that expire or lapse unexercised or, with respect to shares issued pursuant to such awards, are forfeited or repurchased by us after the date of our IPO on October 15, 2013. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2013 EIP automatically increases on the first business day of each of our fiscal years, commencing in 2014, by a number equal to the least of (a) million shares, (b) of the shares of all classes of our common stock outstanding on the last business day of the prior fiscal year, or (c) the number of shares determined by our board of directors. During our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, our board of directors determined to add shares of common stock to the 2013 EIP. 
 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Our Employee Stock Purchase Plan (ESPP) was adopted by our board of directors in August 2013 and our stockholders approved it in September 2013. The ESPP became effective as of our IPO registration statement on Form S-1, on October 15, 2013. Our ESPP is intended to qualify under Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (Code). The ESPP was approved with a reserve of million shares of Class A common stock for future issuance under various terms provided for in the ESPP. As of January 31, 2023, the number of shares available for issuance under our ESPP was . The number of shares available for issuance under the ESPP automatically increases on the first business day of each of our fiscal years, commencing in 2014, by a number equal to the least of (a) million shares, (b) of the shares of all classes of our common stock outstanding on the last business day of the prior fiscal year or (c) the number of shares determined by our board of directors. During our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, our board of directors determined additional shares were to be made available for issuance under the ESPP. 
 During active offering periods, our ESPP permits eligible employees to acquire shares of our common stock at of the lower of the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the first day of the applicable offering period or the fair market value of our Class A common stock on the purchase date. Participants may purchase shares of common stock through payroll deductions of up to of their eligible compensation, subject to any plan 
 72 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

years and generally vest over four to . Options issued under the 2012 EIP and 2013 EIP generally are exercisable for periods not to exceed years and generally vest over , with certain options vesting over five to . 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited/cancelled ) Options outstanding at January 31, 2023 Options vested and exercisable at January 31, 2023 Options vested and exercisable at January 31, 2023 and expected to vest thereafter 
 The options granted during the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 were predominantly made in connection with our annual performance review cycle. The weighted average grant-date fair value of options granted was , , and for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 As of January 31, 2023, there was million in unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock options granted under the 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and 2013 Equity Incentive Plan. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 As of January 31, 2023, we had authorized and unissued shares of common stock sufficient to satisfy exercises of stock options. 
 Our closing stock price as reported on the New York Stock Exchange as of January 31, 2023, the last trading day of fiscal year 2023 was . The total intrinsic value of options exercised was approximately million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 Stock Option Valuation Assumptions 
 - - - Expected term (in years) - - Risk-free interest rate - - - Dividend yield 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 RSUs granted RSUs vested ) RSUs forfeited / cancelled ) Balance at January 31, 2023 
 As of January 31, 2023, there was a total of million in unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The total intrinsic value of RSUs vested was million for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023. 
 
 Note 12. 
 ) Accretion (amortization) on investments ) ) Interest income, net Miscellaneous income Other income, net 
 
 Note 13. 
 74 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Denominator Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share, basic Net income per share, basic Diluted Numerator Net income, basic Reallocation as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A common stock: Net income, basic Reallocation of net income to Class B common stock Net income, diluted Denominator Number of shares used for basic net income per share computation Conversion of Class B to Class A common stock Effect of potentially dilutive common shares Weighted average shares used in computing net income per share, diluted Net income per share, diluted 

Note 14. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 million, and attorneys fees. On October 3, 2018, the court denied IQVIA s motion to dismiss our antitrust claims. 
 On February 18, 2020, IQVIA filed a motion for sanctions against Veeva, seeking default judgment and dismissal and, in the alternative, an adverse inference at trial related to discovery disputes. On May 7, 2021, the special master appointed to oversee litigation discovery ruled against IQVIA s request for default judgment and dismissal and ruled in IQVIA s favor with respect to certain other matters, including recommending to the trial judge that a permissive adverse inference instruction be issued to the jury with respect to certain documents that were not preserved by Veeva. Should the trial judge accept the recommendation, the jury would be permitted, but not required, to infer that certain evidence not preserved by Veeva would have been unfavorable to Veeva, if the jury first concludes that Veeva controlled the evidence, that the evidence was relevant, and that Veeva should have preserved the evidence. The jury is also likely to be instructed that it may also consider whether the non-preserved evidence was duplicative of other evidence produced by Veeva and whether Veeva s conduct was reasonable in light of all circumstances. Veeva was also ordered to pay IQVIA s fees and expenses incurred in connection with portions of its sanctions motion. On June 4, 2021, we appealed the special master s ruling and IQVIA s fee award to the federal district court judge. 
 Fact discovery is largely complete and we expect to complete expert discovery in July 2023. While it is not possible at this time to predict with any degree of certainty the ultimate outcome of this action, and we are unable to make a meaningful estimate of the amount or range of gain or loss, if any, that could result from the OpenData and Network Action, we believe that IQVIA s claims lack merit and that our counterclaims warrant injunctive relief and monetary damages for Veeva. 
 Veeva Nitro Action. 
 On July 17, 2019, IQVIA filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey (IQVIA Inc. v. Veeva Systems Inc. (No. 2:19-cv-15517)) (IQVIA Declaratory Action) seeking a declaratory judgment that IQVIA is not liable to Veeva for disallowing use of IQVIA s data products in Veeva Nitro or any later-introduced Veeva software products. The IQVIA Declaratory Action does not seek any monetary relief. 
 On July 18, 2019, we filed a lawsuit against IQVIA in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California (Veeva Systems Inc. v. IQVIA Inc. (No. 3:19-cv-04137)) (Veeva Nitro Action), alleging that IQVIA engaged in anticompetitive conduct as to Veeva Nitro. Our complaint asserts federal and state antitrust claims, as well as claims under California s Unfair Competition Law and common law claims for intentional interference with contractual relations and intentional interference with prospective economic advantage. The complaint seeks injunctive relief and monetary damages. IQVIA filed its answer and affirmative defenses on September 5, 2019. 
 On September 26, 2019, the Northern District of California transferred the Veeva Nitro Action to the District of New Jersey (Veeva Systems Inc. v. IQVIA Inc. (No. 2:19-cv-18558)). 
 On March 24, 2020, we amended our complaint in the Veeva Nitro Action to include allegations of IQVIA s anticompetitive conduct as to additional Veeva software applications, such as Veeva Andi, Veeva Align, and Veeva Vault MedComms; additional examples of IQVIA s monopolistic behavior against Veeva Nitro; IQVIA s unlawful access of Veeva s proprietary software products; and a request for declaratory relief. IQVIA answered the amended complaint on May 22, 2020. 
 On August 21, 2020, the District of New Jersey consolidated the Veeva Nitro Action and IQVIA Declaratory Action. Fact discovery is largely complete and we expect to complete expert discovery in July 2023. 
 While it is not possible at this time to predict with any degree of certainty the ultimate outcome of this action, we believe that our claims warrant injunctive and declaratory relief and monetary damages for Veeva and against IQVIA. 
 76 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 individual Veeva employees who previously worked for Medidata Individual Employees ). The complaint alleged that we induced and conspired with the Individual Employees to breach their employment agreements, including non-compete and confidentiality provisions, and to misappropriate Medidata s confidential and trade secret information. The complaint sought declaratory and injunctive relief, unspecified monetary damages, and attorneys fees. Medidata amended its complaint twice, asserting the same claims with additional factual allegations, and voluntarily dismissed the Individual Defendants without prejudice. The trial began on July 11, 2022. On July 15, 2022, after four days of jury trial, the court granted Veeva s motion for judgment as a matter of law, thereby resolving the case in favor of Veeva. Medidata moved for reconsideration of the decision on July 29, 2022, which was denied by the court on August 18, 2022. Medidata filed an appeal in the Second Circuit Court of Appeals on January 3, 2023. While it is not possible at this time to predict with any degree of certainty the ultimate outcome of this appeal, and we are unable to make a meaningful estimate of the amount or range of loss, if any, that could result from any unfavorable outcome, we believe that Medidata s appeal lacks merit and we plan to oppose the appeal. 
 Mednet Litigation Matter 
 On July 14, 2020, Mednet Solutions, Inc. filed a complaint in Minnesota state court (Mednet Solutions, Inc. v. Veeva Systems Inc. (No. 27-CV-20-9374)) against us and a Veeva employee who previously worked for Mednet. The complaint alleged that the employee improperly accessed Mednet s computer systems after joining Veeva, in violation of his employment agreement to misappropriate Mednet s confidential and trade secret information for our benefit. The complaint sought declaratory and injunctive relief, unspecified monetary damages, and attorneys fees. 
 On December 9, 2020, the case was removed to the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota (No. 20-cv-2502). The complaint has been amended twice to include additional factual allegations, a claim against the employee under the federal Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, and direct claims against us for misappropriation. The matter is currently in the discovery phase of litigation, with a trial set for early 2024. 
 While it is not possible at this time to predict with any degree of certainty the ultimate outcome of this litigation, and we are unable to make a meaningful estimate of the amount or range of loss, if any, that could result from any unfavorable outcome, we believe that Mednet s claims lack merit. 
 Other Litigation Matters 
 From time to time, we may be involved in other legal proceedings and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Although the results of such legal proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe we are not currently a party to any other legal proceedings, the outcome of which, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial position. Regardless of the outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of resources and other factors, and there can be no assurances that favorable outcomes will be obtained. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 Note 15. 
 product areas: Commercial Solutions and R D Solutions. Commercial Solutions revenues consist of revenues from our Veeva Commercial Cloud and Veeva Claims solutions. R D Solutions consist of revenues from our Veeva Development Cloud, Veeva RegulatoryOne, and Veeva QualityOne solutions. 
 R D Solutions Total subscription services Professional services Commercial Solutions R D Solutions Total professional services Total revenues 
 
 Note 16. 
 Europe Asia Pacific Middle East, Africa, and Latin America Total revenues 
 Europe Asia Pacific Middle East, Africa, and Latin America Total long-lived assets 
 
 Note 17. 
 per employee per year. Under the RRSP plan, we also match up to per 
 78 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2023. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s (SEC) rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of January 31, 2023, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 (b) Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 31, 2023 based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of January 31, 2023 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our independent registered public accounting firm, KPMG LLP, has issued an audit report with respect to our internal control over financial reporting, which appears in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 (c) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended January 31, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 (d) Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been or would be detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 
 Not Applicable. 
 
 PART III. 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 
 The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive proxy statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Proxy Statement), which we expect to file not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023, and is incorporated in this report by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, which we expect to file not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and is incorporated in this report by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, which we expect to file not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and is incorporated in this report by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, which we expect to file not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and is incorporated in this report by reference. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES. 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement, which we expect to file not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 and is incorporated in this report by reference. 
 
 PART IV. 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 
 (a) Documents Filed. The following documents are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Form 10-K: 
 1. Financial Statements . See Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Item 7 of this Form 10-K. 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules . All schedules have been omitted because the information required to be presented in them is not applicable or is shown in the consolidated financial statements or related notes. 
 3. Exhibits . We have filed, or incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference, the exhibits listed on the accompanying Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Form 10-K. 
 (b) Exhibits . See Item 15(a)(3) above. 
 (c) Financial Statement Schedules . See Item 15(a)(2) above. 
 80 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 
 A Form 10-K summary is provided at the beginning of this document, with hyperlinked cross-references. This allows users to easily locate the corresponding items in this Form 10-K, where the disclosure is fully presented. The summary does not include certain Part III information that is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement. 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Veeva Systems Inc. 
 8-K 001-36121 3.1 6/28/2021 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Veeva Systems Inc. 
 8-K 001-36121 3.2 6/28/2021 4.1 Form of Registrant s Class A common stock certificate. 
 S-1/A 333-191085 4.1 10/3/2013 4.2 Description of Capital Stock. 
 X 10.1 Data Processing Addendum, dated April 4, 2014, to Value-Added Reseller Agreement, between Registrant and salesforce.com, inc., as amended. 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.1 6/6/2014 10.2 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated June 11, 2014, between Registrant and The Duffield Family Foundation, as amended July 16, 2014. 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.1 9/11/2014 10.3 Description of Non-Employee Director Compensation. 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.1 9/3/2021 10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement between the Registrant and each of its directors and officers. 
 8-K 001-36121 10.1 2/1/2021 10.5 2007 Stock Plan and forms of agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 333-191085 10.2 9/11/2013 10.6 2012 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder. 
 S-1 333-191085 10.3 9/11/2013 10.7 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and forms of agreements thereunder. 
 10-K 001-36121 10.7 3/30/2021 10.8 Veeva Systems Inc. 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated. 
 8-K 001-36121 10.1 6/13/2022 10.9 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 S-1/A 333-191085 10.5 10/3/2013 10.10 Amended and Restated Value-Added Reseller Agreement, dated September 2, 2010, between Registrant and salesforce.com, inc., as amended December 3, 2010, December 13, 2010, April 15, 2011, August 23, 2011, September 29, 2011, April 3, 2012 , May 24, 2012 , March 3, 2014, and August 11, 2016 . 
 S-1/A 333-191085 10.7 9/20/2013 10.11 Eighth Amendment, dated March 3, 2014, to Amended and Restated Value-Added Reseller Agreement, dated September 2, 2010, between Registrant and salesforce.com, inc., as amended. 
 8-K 001-36121 10.1 3/4/2014 10.12 Offer letter, dated June 20, 2013, between Peter P. Gassner and the Registrant. 
 S-1 333-191085 10.8 9/11/2013 10.13 Offer letter, dated August 14, 2012, between Jonathan W. Faddis and the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.1 6/4/2015 10.14 Amended offer letter, dated April 26, 2022, between Jonathan W. Faddis and the Registrant. 
 X 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 81 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 10.15 Data Processing Addendum, dated January 23, 2016, to Value-Added Reseller Agreement, between Registrant and salesforce.com, inc., as amended. 
 10-K 001-36121 10.17 3/31/2016 10.16 Offer letter, dated February 20, 2015, between Alan V. Mateo and the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.1 6/8/2016 10.17 Offer letter, dated January 23, 2013, between E. Nitsa Zuppas and the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.2 6/8/2016 10.18 Ninth Amendment, dated August 11, 2016, to Amended and Restated Value-Added Reseller Agreement dated September 201 0 , between Registrant and salesforce.com, inc. , as amended. 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.1 9/8/2016 10.19 2013 Equity Incentive Plan Forms of Notice of Stock Option Grants to Peter P. Gassner. 
 10-K 001-36121 10.22 3/30/2018 10.20 Offer Letter, dated March 17, 2019, between Tom Schwenger and the Registrant. 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.1 6/4/2020 10.21 Offer Letter, dated April 19, 2020, between Brent Bowman and the Registrant. 
 8-K 001-36121 10.1 8/31/2020 10.22 Advisor Agreement, dated September 30, 2022, between Frederic Lequient and the Registrant . 
 10-Q 001-36121 10.1 12/7/2022 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Registrant. 
 X 23.1 Consent of KPMG LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 X 24.1 Power of Attorney (see page 85 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K). 
 X 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. X 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document. X 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document. X 
 82 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 104 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). X 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan. 
 Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to an order granting confidential treatment. Omitted portions have been submitted separately to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Form 10-K are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Veeva Systems Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (Securities Act), or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), whether made before or after the date of this Form 10-K, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 83 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in the City of Pleasanton, State of California, on this 30th day of March, 2023. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. By: /s/ BRENT BOWMAN Brent Bowman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below hereby constitutes and appoints Peter P. Gassner and Brent Bowman, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the SEC, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully for all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, or his substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 
 84 

Table of Contents 

 Signature Title Date /s/ Peter P. Gassner Chief Executive Officer and Director March 30, 2023 Peter P. Gassner (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Brent Bowman Chief Financial Officer March 30, 2023 Brent Bowman (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Michele O'Connor Chief Accounting Officer March 30, 2023 Michele O'Connor (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Tim Cabral Director March 30, 2023 Tim Cabral /s/ Mark Carges Director March 30, 2023 Mark Carges /s/ Paul Chamberlain Director March 30, 2023 Paul Chamberlain /s/ Mary Lynne Hedley Director March 30, 2023 Mary Lynne Hedley /s/ Priscilla Hung Director March 30, 2023 Priscilla Hung /s/ Nimrata Khatra Hunt Director March 30, 2023 Nimrata Khatra Hunt /s/ Marshall Mohr Director March 30, 2023 Marshall Mohr /s/ Gordon Ritter Chairman of the Board of Directors March 30, 2023 Gordon Ritter /s/ Paul Sekhri Director March 30, 2023 Paul Sekhri /s/ Matthew J. Wallach Director March 30, 2023 Matthew J. Wallach 
 85 
 Veeva Systems Inc. | Form 10-K 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 veev-20230131xexx42.htm
 EX-4.2

Document 

Exhibit 4.2 
 
 DESCRIPTION OF CAPITAL STOCK 
 
 The following is a summary of information concerning the capital stock of Veeva Systems Inc. us, our, we, or the Company and certain provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of our restated certificate of incorporation Certificate and amended and restated bylaws Bylaws ), each previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.2 is a part, as well as the applicable provisions of the Delaware General Corporate Law (the DGCL ). We encourage you to read our Certificate, Bylaws, and the applicable portions of the DGCL carefully. 
 
 General 
 
 Our Certificate provides for two classes of common stock Class A common stock and Class B common stock. In addition, our Certificate authorizes shares of undesignated preferred stock, the rights, preferences, and privileges of which may be designated from time to time by our board of directors. 
 
 Our authorized capital stock consists of 1,000,000,000 shares, all with a par value of 0.00001 per share, of which 
 800,000,000 shares are authorized Class A common stock 
 190,000,000 shares are authorized Class B common stock and 
 10,000,000 shares are authorized preferred stock. 
 
 Public Benefit Corporation 
 
 On February 1, 2021, after approval by our stockholders, we became a Delaware public benefit corporation (PBC). As a PBC, we have unique legal obligations. We are required to adopt and include in our certificate of incorporation a public benefit purpose that is intended to have positive effects on a category of persons, entities, or communities other than stockholder financial interest. Our public benefit purpose is to provide products and services that are intended to help make the industries we serve more productive, and to create high-quality employment opportunities in the communities in which we operate. Further, as a PBC, our board of directors is required to balance our stockholders' pecuniary (financial) interests, the best interests of those materially affected by our conduct, and pursuit of our public benefit purpose. We have identified those materially affected by our conduct (which we refer to as stakeholders) as including our customers, our employees, our partners, and the communities in which we operate. 
 
 As a PBC, we are required to disclose to stockholders a report at least biennially that includes our assessment of our success in achieving our specific public benefit purpose, and we have committed to providing this report annually and making it publicly available. 
 
 We believe that operating as a PBC is beneficial to our business and consistent with the long-term interests of stockholders. However, the benefits we anticipate from operating as a PBC may not materialize within the timeframe we expect or at all, or there may be negative effects. For more information regarding our status as a PBC and the related risks, see Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Status as a Public Benefit Corporation and Ownership of Our Class A Common Stock in the Form 10-K of which this exhibit is a part, which is hereby incorporated by reference. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 The holders of our Class B common stock are entitled to ten votes per share, and holders of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share. The holders of our Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class, unless otherwise required by our Certificate or law. Delaware law could require either holders of our Class A common stock or our Class B common stock to vote separately as a single class in the following circumstances 

if we were to seek to amend our Certificate to increase the authorized number of shares of a class of stock, or to increase or decrease the par value of a class of stock, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment and 
 if we were to seek to amend our Certificate in a manner that alters or changes the powers, preferences, or special rights of a class of stock in a manner that affected its holders adversely, then that class would be required to vote separately to approve the proposed amendment. 
 
 Our Certificate requires the approval of a majority of our outstanding Class B common stock voting as a separate class for any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company. 
 
 Stockholders do not have the ability to cumulate votes for the election of directors. Our Certificate and Bylaws provide for a declassified board of directors, with annual election of directors, serving a one-year term. 
 
 Dividend Rights 
 
 Subject to preferences that may apply to shares of preferred stock outstanding at the time, the holders of outstanding shares o f our common stock are entitled to receive dividends out of funds legally available if our board of directors, in its discretion, determines to issue dividends, and only then at the times and in the amounts that our board of directors may determine. 
 
 No Preemptive or Similar Rights 
 
 Our common stock is not entitled to preemptive rights and is not subject to conversion, redemption, or sinking fund provisions. 
 
 Right to Receive Liquidation Distributions 
 
 Upon our dissolution, liquidation, or winding-up, the assets legally available for distribution to our stockholders are distributable ratably among the holders of our common stock, subject to prior satisfaction of all outstanding debt and liabilities and the preferential rights and payment of liquidation preferences, if any, on any outstanding shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Conversion 
 
 Each outstanding share of Class B common stock is convertible at any time at the option of the holder into one share of Class A common stock. In addition, each share of Class B common stock will convert automatically into one share of Class A common stock upon any transfer, whether or not for value, except for certain permitted transfers described in our Certificate, including transfers to any permitted transferee as defined in our Certificate, which includes, among others, transfers 
 to trusts, corporations, limited liability companies, partnerships, foundations, or similar entities established by a Class B stockholder, provided that 
 such transfer is to entities established by a Class B stockholder where the Class B stockholder retains the exclusive right to vote and direct the disposition of the shares of Class B common stock or 
 such transfer does not involve payment of cash, securities, property, or other consideration to the Class B stockholder. 
 
 Once converted into Class A common stock, a share of Class B common stock may not be reissued. 
 
 All the outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock will convert automatically into shares of a single class of common stock upon the earliest to occur of the following (i) upon the election of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Class B common stock or (ii) October 15, 2023. Following such conversion, each share of common stock will have one vote per share and the rights of the holders of all outstanding common stock will be identical. Once converted into a single class of common stock, the Class A and Class B common stock may not be reissued. 

Preferred Stock 
 
 No shares of preferred stock are outstanding, but we are authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue preferred stock in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences, and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations, or restrictions. Our board of directors also can increase or decrease the number of shares of any series, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by our stockholders. Our board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company and may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock and the voting and other rights of the holders of common stock. We have no current plan to issue any shares of preferred stock. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Delaware Law and Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 
 
 Delaware Law 
 
 We are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers. This section prevents some Delaware corporations from engaging, under some circumstances, in a business combination, which includes a merger or sale of at least 10 of the corporation s assets with any interested stockholder, meaning a stockholder who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the determination of interested stockholder status, did own 15 or more of the corporation s outstanding voting stock, unless 
 the transaction is approved by the board of directors prior to the time that the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder or 
 subsequent to such time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder the business combination is approved by the board of directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of stockholders by at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 A Delaware corporation may opt out of these provisions with an express provision in its original certificate of incorporation or an express provision in its certificate of incorporation or Bylaws resulting from a stockholders amendment approved by at least a majority of the outstanding voting shares. We have not opted out of these provisions. As a result, mergers or other takeover or change in control attempts of us may be discouraged or prevented. 
 
 Additionally, as a PBC, our board of directors has a duty to balance (i) the pecuniary (financial) interest of our stockholders, (ii) the best interests of stakeholders materially affected by our conduct and (iii) the specific public benefits identified in our Certificate. Balancing these interests may make us a less attractive target for potential buyers. 
 
 Certificate and Bylaws Provisions 
 
 Our Certificate and our Bylaws include a number of provisions that may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers or delaying or preventing changes in control of our management team, including the following 
 Separate Class B Vote for Change in Control Transactions . As described above in Common Stock Voting Rights, any transaction that would result in a change in control of our company will require the approval of a majority of our outstanding Class B common stock voting as a separate class. This provision could delay or prevent the approval of a change in control that might otherwise be approved by a majority of outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock voting together on a combined basis. 
 Dual Class Stock . As described above in Common Stock Voting Rights, our Certificate provides for a dual class common stock structure, which provides our executive officers and directors and their affiliates with the ability to control the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, even if they own significantly less than a majority of the shares of our outstanding 

Class A and Class B common stock. These matters include the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. Current holders of Class B common stock have the ability to exercise significant influence over those matters. 
 Supermajority Approvals . Our Certificate requires the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock in order to amend certain specified provisions. In addition, our restated bylaws require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of Class A and Class B common stock in order to adopt stockholder proposed amendments. These provisions have the effect of making it more difficult to amend our Certificate or Bylaws to remove or modify any existing provisions. 
 Board of Directors Vacancies . Our Certificate and Bylaws authorize our board of directors to fill vacant directorships. In addition, the number of directors constituting our board of directors is set only by resolution adopted by a majority vote of our entire board of directors. These provisions prevent a stockholder from increasing the size of our board of directors and gaining control of our board of directors by filling the resulting vacancies with its own nominees. 
 Removal of Directors . Our Certificate provides that directors may be removed from the board of directors with or without cause and only by the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of our Class A and Class B common stock entitled to vote thereon. 
 Stockholder Action Special Meeting of Stockholders . Our Certificate provides that stockholders are not able to take action by written consent and are only able to take action at annual or special meetings of our stockholders. Stockholders are not permitted to cumulate their votes for the election of directors. Our Certificate and Bylaws further provide that special meetings of our stockholders may be called by a majority vote of our entire board of directors, the chairman of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, or the chairman of our board or our chief executive officer at the written request of one or more stockholders who have delivered such request in accordance with various provisions in the Bylaws. Stockholders requesting that a special meeting be called must own 25 or more of the voting power of our capital stock and comply with other requirements set forth in our Bylaws, including a one-year holding period and certain notice procedures. 
 Advance Notice Requirements for Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations . Our Bylaws provide advance notice procedures for stockholders seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at any meeting of stockholders. Our Bylaws also specify certain requirements regarding the form and content of a stockholder s notice. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making nominations for directors at our meetings of stockholders. 
 Issuance of Undesignated Preferred Stock . Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by the holders of Class A common stock, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the board of directors and approved by a majority of the holders of Class B common stock. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our board of directors to render more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise. 
 
 Choice of Forum 
 
 Our Certificate provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf any action asserting a breach of fiduciary duty any action asserting a claim against us arising pursuant to the DGCL, our Certificate or our Bylaws, or any action asserting a claim against us that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to the Securities Act, such a provision known as a Federal Forum Provision. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in our shares of capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to these provisions. 

Proxy Access 
 
 Our Bylaws include a proxy access bylaw whereby a stockholder (or a group of up to 20 stockholders) that has held at least 3 of the voting power of our capital stock for three years or more may nominate candidates for up to 20 of the available director seats and have those nominees included in our proxy materials, provided that the stockholder and nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Bylaws. 
 
 Transfer Agent and Registrar 
 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our Class A and Class B common stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC. The transfer agent s address is 6201 15th Avenue, Brooklyn, New York 11219, and the telephone number is (800) 937-5449. 
 
 Listing 
 
 Our Class A common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol VEEV. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.14>
 3
 veev-20230131xexx1014220.htm
 EX-10.14

veev-20230131xexx1014220 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 veev-20230131xexx211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF 
 VEEVA SYSTEMS INC. 

As of January 31, 2023, Veeva Systems Inc. has no significant subsidiaries as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X. 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 veev-20230131xex231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 The Board of Directors 
 Veeva Systems Inc. 
 We consent to the use of our report dated March 30, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of Veeva Systems Inc., and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 s KPMG LLP 
 Santa Clara, California 
 March 30, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 veev-20230131xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Peter P. Gassner, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Veeva Systems Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s PETER P. GASSNER Peter P. Gassner Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 30, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 veev-20230131xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Brent Bowman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Veeva Systems Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s BRENT BOWMAN Brent Bowman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 30, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 veev-202230131xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Based on my knowledge, I, Peter P. Gassner, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Veeva Systems Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Veeva Systems Inc. 
 s PETER P. GASSNER Peter P. Gassner Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 veev-20230131xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Based on my knowledge, I, Brent Bowman, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report of Veeva Systems Inc. on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2023 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Form 10-K fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Veeva Systems Inc. 
 s BRENT BOWMAN Brent Bowman Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) March 30, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 veev-20230131.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 veev-20230131_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 veev-20230131_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 veev-20230131_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 veev-20230131_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

